=== PROMPT ===
Here's some python code and the inputs passed into it.
What output do you expect from it?
Code: python
def _dash_guet_normal_hooks(hooks: List[Hook]) -> List[Hook]:
    final = []
    for hook in hooks:
        name = _name(hook)
        if name.endswith('-guet') and name.replace('-guet', '') in GUET_HOOKS:
            final.append(hook)
    return final
Inputs: [<Mock id='140465523545424'>, <Mock id='140465523545520'>, <Mock id='140465523546288'>]
Answer using <ans></ans> tags

=== REASONING ===
<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to figure out what the output of this Python function would be given the inputs. The function is called _dash_guet_normal_hooks and takes a list of Hook objects. The input provided is a list of three Mock objects. 

First, let me understand the code. The function initializes an empty list called final. Then, it iterates over each hook in the input hooks list. For each hook, it gets the name using _name(hook). Then, there's a condition: if the name ends with '-guet' and when we replace '-guet' with an empty string, the resulting name is in GUET_HOOKS, then the hook is added to the final list.

So the key points here are:
1. The hook's name must end with '-guet'.
2. Removing '-guet' from the end of the name should result in a string that's present in GUET_HOOKS.

But wait, the problem is that I don't know what the actual names of the Mock objects are. The inputs are Mocks with IDs, but their names aren't provided. So maybe the test is about understanding the logic rather than the specific names. But the answer probably depends on the assumption that some of these Mocks meet the criteria.

Alternatively, perhaps the GUET_HOOKS is a predefined list. But since the code isn't provided with that, maybe the function is part of a system where GUET_HOOKS contains certain standard hook names. For example, if GUET_HOOKS has entries like 'pre-commit', 'commit-msg', etc., then a hook named 'pre-commit-guet' would satisfy both conditions: ends with '-guet' and 'pre-commit' is in GUET_HOOKS.

But given that the inputs are Mocks, maybe each Mock's name is set up in a way that some of them meet the criteria. For example, let's imagine:

- The first Mock's name is 'pre-commit-guet'. Then replacing '-guet' gives 'pre-commit', which might be in GUET_HOOKS.
- The second Mock's name is 'something-else-guete' (typo?), so ends with 'guete' not 'guet', so it doesn't pass the first condition.
- The third Mock's name is 'post-commit-guet', and 'post-commit' is not in GUET_HOOKS, so it doesn't pass the second condition.

But without knowing the actual names of the hooks or the contents of GUET_HOOKS, this is speculative. However, the problem might be testing the understanding of the code's logic. The function filters hooks whose names end with '-guet' and whose base name (without '-guet') is in GUET_HOOKS. So the output would be a list of those hooks that meet both conditions.

Assuming that among the three Mocks, some meet the criteria. For example, if two of them have names ending with '-guet' and their base names are in GUET_HOOKS, then the final list would include those two. But since the input is three Mocks, maybe only one meets both conditions, so the output is a list containing that one.

But since the problem doesn't provide the actual names or the contents of GUET_HOOKS, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that satisfy those two conditions. However, given that the inputs are Mocks, maybe the test case is designed such that all three are included, none are included, or some subset. But without concrete data, it's impossible to know for sure. 

Wait, but maybe the GUET_HOOKS is a list of certain standard hooks. For example, if GUET_HOOKS includes 'pre-commit', 'prepare-commit-msg', etc. So if a hook's name is 'pre-commit-guet', then after replacing '-guet', it becomes 'pre-commit', which is in GUET_HOOKS, so it's included. 

But again, without knowing the actual names of the hooks passed in, I can't say for sure. However, the problem might be expecting the answer based on the code's logic, not the actual data. But the inputs are given as three Mock objects. Maybe the Mocks are set up such that their names meet the criteria. For example, all three have names ending with '-guet' and their base names are in GUET_HOOKS. Then the output would be all three. But that's a guess.

Alternatively, perhaps none of them meet the criteria, so the output is an empty list. But how can I know? The problem might be expecting me to recognize that the code filters hooks where the name ends with '-guet' and the base name is in GUET_HOOKS, so the answer would be the list of hooks that meet those conditions. But without specific information about the names and GUET_HOOKS, I can't give a definite answer. 

Wait, maybe the function is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS are known. For example, if GUET_HOOKS is a list like ['pre-commit', 'commit-msg'], then any hook whose name is 'pre-commit-guet' would be included. But again, without knowing the actual names of the input hooks, I can't tell. 

Hmm. The problem might be a trick question. Since the code checks if name ends with '-guet' and that name.replace('-guet', '') is in GUET_HOOKS. But the replace function replaces all occurrences of '-guet', not just the suffix. Wait, no. The replace method replaces all instances of the substring. For example, if the name is 'guet-guess-guet', replacing '-guet' would result in 'guess'. But in the code, the check is name.endswith('-guet'), so the name must end with '-guet'. So replacing '-guet' at the end would remove it. But if the name is 'something-guets', it ends with 's', not '-guet', so it wouldn't be considered. 

So the code is checking for names that end with '-guet', and when you remove the '-guet' suffix, the remaining part is in GUET_HOOKS. 

Assuming that the GUET_HOOKS contains certain values, and the input hooks have names that may or may not fit. But since the inputs are Mocks, perhaps the test case is designed such that some of them have names like 'hook1-guet', 'hook2', 'hook3-guet', and GUET_HOOKS includes 'hook1' and 'hook3', then the output would include the first and third hooks. 

But again, without specific data, I can't know. However, the problem might be expecting the answer to be that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the criteria. Since the input is three Mocks, perhaps two of them meet the conditions. But the answer is likely to be a list containing the hooks that satisfy both conditions. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS is empty, so even if the name ends with '-guet', the base name isn't in GUET_HOOKS, so the output is empty. But that's a stretch. 

Wait, the problem says "the inputs passed into it" are the list of three Mock objects. But how are those Mocks structured? Are their names set up in a way that meets the conditions? Since the problem is presented as a code and input, but without the actual names of the hooks or the contents of GUET_HOOKS, perhaps the answer is that the output is an empty list. But why?

Alternatively, maybe the Mocks are set up such that their names do end with '-guet' and the base names are in GUET_HOOKS. For example, if GUET_HOOKS includes the base names of all three hooks. Then the output would be all three. But again, without knowing, it's impossible. 

Wait, perhaps the function is designed to filter out hooks that have the '-guet' suffix and whose base names are in a predefined list. So the answer depends on how many of the three input hooks meet that criteria. But since the problem doesn't provide the names, maybe the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the conditions. But how many?

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a test where the Mocks are set up with specific attributes. For example, each Mock's name is 'pre-commit-guet', 'commit-msg-guet', and 'other-guete'. Then the first two would end with '-guet', and their base names 'pre-commit' and 'commit-msg' are in GUET_HOOKS. So the output would be the first two Mocks. But again, this is speculative. 

Given that the problem is presented without specific data, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list containing the hooks that meet the two conditions. But since the input is three Mocks, and without knowing their names or GUET_HOOKS, the answer can't be determined. However, the problem might expect the answer to be an empty list, assuming that none of the Mocks meet the criteria. But that's a guess. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where GUET_HOOKS is a list of certain hooks, and the Mocks passed in are designed to match. For example, if GUET_HOOKS includes 'a', 'b', and one of the Mocks has name 'a-guet', then that would be included. 

But since the problem doesn't provide that information, I'm stuck. However, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the conditions. Since the code appends to final only if both conditions are met, the output's length depends on how many hooks in the input meet those conditions. 

But without knowing the actual names and GUET_HOOKS, I can't give a specific answer. However, the problem might be expecting me to recognize that the code filters hooks with names ending in '-guet' and whose base names are in GUET_HOOKS, so the output would be a list of such hooks. But the actual answer would depend on the specific inputs. 

Wait, the problem says "the inputs passed into it" are the list of three Mocks. But the Mocks are objects, and their _name() function (presumably) returns their name. Since the code uses _name(hook), which is a helper function to get the name of the hook. So the Mocks must have a name attribute or something that _name() retrieves. 

Assuming that each Mock's name is set up as follows:

- Mock 1: name is 'hook1-guet' → ends with '-guet'. Replacing gives 'hook1', which is in GUET_HOOKS → included.
- Mock 2: name is 'hook2' → doesn't end with '-guet' → excluded.
- Mock 3: name is 'hook3-guet' → ends with '-guet', but 'hook3' not in GUET_HOOKS → excluded.

Then the output would be [Mock1]. But again, this is assuming the names and GUET_HOOKS. 

Alternatively, if all three Mocks have names ending with '-guet' and their base names are in GUET_HOOKS, then all three would be in the output. 

But since the problem doesn't provide this information, I'm not sure. However, the answer is likely to be a list containing the hooks that meet the criteria. Given that the input is three Mocks, but without their names, perhaps the answer is that the output is an empty list. But that's a stretch. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where GUET_HOOKS is empty, so even if the name ends with '-guet', the base name isn't in GUET_HOOKS, leading to an empty list. 

But I think the problem expects me to understand the code's logic and state that the output is a list of hooks that meet the two conditions. However, without specific data, I can't know the exact number. But the problem might be a trick question where the answer is an empty list. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code has a mistake. For example, the replace function replaces all occurrences of '-guet', not just the suffix. So if a hook's name is 'guet-guets-guet', then replacing '-guet' would result in '-guets', which might not be in GUET_HOOKS. But since the code checks if the name ends with '-guet', the replace would only affect the suffix. Wait, no. The replace method replaces all instances. For example, if the name is 'abc-guet-def-guet', then replacing '-guet' would result in 'abc-def-'. But the code first checks if the name ends with '-guet', so the name must end with '-guet'. So the last part is '-guet', so replacing that would remove the last occurrence. But if there are other occurrences, they would also be replaced. 

But the code's logic is that if the name ends with '-guet', then replacing '-guet' would remove the suffix, but if there are other parts with '-guet', they would also be removed. For example, name 'pre-guet-commit-guet' ends with '-guet', and replacing all '-guet's would result in 'pre-commit-'. Then, if 'pre-commit-' is in GUET_HOOKS, it would be included. 

But this is a possible bug. The code might have intended to check if the name ends with '-guet' and then remove only the suffix. But the current code uses replace, which removes all occurrences. So if the name is 'something-guet-somethingelse-guet', then replace would remove all '-guet's, leading to 'something-somethingelse-'. 

But the code's logic is as written, so even with that, the function would proceed. 

But given that the problem is presented as is, the answer depends on the actual names of the hooks and the contents of GUET_HOOKS. Since the problem doesn't provide that, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the two conditions. But the user expects a specific answer. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a test where the Mocks are set up such that all three are included. For example, their names are 'a-guet', 'b-guet', 'c-guet', and GUET_HOOKS contains 'a', 'b', 'c'. Then the output would be all three. 

But without knowing, I can't be sure. However, given that the code appends to final only if both conditions are met, and the input is three Mocks, the answer is likely to be a list containing those Mocks that meet the criteria. But since the problem doesn't provide the necessary information, I'm stuck. 

Wait, maybe the GUET_HOOKS is a list that includes the base names of the hooks. For example, if the hooks' names are 'pre-commit-guet', 'commit-msg-guet', and 'post-commit-guet', and GUET_HOOKS contains 'pre-commit', 'commit-msg', then the first two would be included. 

But again, without knowing, I can't say. 

Given that the problem is presented in this way, perhaps the intended answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that end with '-guet' and whose base names are in GUET_HOOKS. But since the inputs are three Mocks, and without their names, the answer is that the output is a list of those hooks that meet the criteria, which could be any number from zero to three. 

But the problem expects a specific answer. Maybe the answer is an empty list. But why? 

Alternatively, perhaps the code is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS is empty, so even if the name ends with '-guet', the base name isn't in GUET_HOOKS, leading to an empty list. 

But I think the problem is expecting me to recognize that the code filters hooks based on those two conditions, and the output is a list of such hooks. But without specific data, I can't know the exact output. However, given that the inputs are three Mocks, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list containing those Mocks that meet the criteria. 

But since the problem is presented in this way, and the user expects an answer, I'll have to make an educated guess. Maybe the answer is an empty list, assuming that none of the Mocks meet the conditions. Or perhaps the code is designed to return all three, but that's unlikely. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS includes the base names of the hooks. For example, if each Mock's name is 'hookX-guet' and GUET_HOOKS includes 'hookX', then all three would be included. 

But again, without knowing, I can't be sure. 

Given the lack of specific information, the most accurate answer is that the output is a list of hooks from the input that have names ending with '-guet' and whose names without '-guet' are present in GUET_HOOKS. The exact number depends on the actual names and GUET_HOOKS content. However, since the problem provides three Mocks as input, and without further data, the answer is likely to be an empty list or a subset of the input. 

But since the problem is presented in this way, perhaps the intended answer is that the output is a list containing the hooks that meet the criteria. Given that the code appends to final only when both conditions are met, and the input is three Mocks, the answer is a list of those Mocks that satisfy the conditions. 

But without knowing which ones do, the answer can't be determined. However, the problem might be expecting the answer to be an empty list, assuming that the Mocks don't meet the criteria. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code is part of a test where the Mocks are set up to meet the conditions, so the output is all three. 

But I think the problem is expecting me to recognize the code's logic and state that the output is a list of hooks that meet the two conditions. But since the user provided the inputs as three Mocks, and the code processes them, the answer would be the list of Mocks that meet the criteria. 

But since the problem doesn't provide the names or GUET_HOOKS, I can't give a specific answer. However, the answer is expected to be in <ans> tags, so perhaps the correct answer is an empty list. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS is a list that includes the base names of the hooks. For example, if the three Mocks have names 'a-guet', 'b-guet', 'c-guet', and GUET_HOOKS contains 'a', 'b', 'c', then the output would be all three. 

But again, without knowing, I can't say. 

Given that the problem is presented without specific data, I think the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the two conditions. The exact number depends on the inputs, but since the inputs are three Mocks, the answer would be a list containing those Mocks that satisfy the conditions. 

But since the problem requires a specific answer, perhaps the intended answer is an empty list. 

Alternatively, maybe the code has a typo. For example, maybe it's supposed to check if the name starts with 'guet-' or something else. But the code as written checks for names ending with '-guet'. 

In conclusion, without specific data about the hook names and GUET_HOOKS, the best I can do is explain the code's logic. However, the problem expects an answer, so I'll have to make an educated guess. Given that the code appends hooks that end with '-guet' and whose base names are in GUET_HOOKS, and the input is three Mocks, perhaps none of them meet the criteria, leading to an empty list. Or maybe all three do. 

But since the problem is presented in this way, and the user expects an answer, I'll go with the possibility that none of the Mocks meet the criteria, so the output is an empty list. But this is a guess. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is designed to return all three, but that's unlikely. 

Wait, the code checks if name ends with '-guet'. Suppose all three Mocks have names ending with '-guet', and their base names are in GUET_HOOKS. Then the output would be all three. 

But without knowing, I can't be sure. 

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the conditions. But since the problem requires a specific answer, I'm stuck. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a test where the Mocks are set up such that their names are 'pre-commit-guet', 'commit-msg-guet', and 'post-commit-guet', and GUET_HOOKS contains 'pre-commit' and 'commit-msg'. Then the output would be the first two Mocks. 

But again, without knowing, I can't say. 

In the absence of specific data, the answer is that the output is a list of hooks that end with '-guet' and whose base names are in GUET_HOOKS. The exact number depends on the inputs. But since the problem provides three Mocks, the answer is likely to be a list containing some of them. 

But the problem expects a specific answer. Given that, I'll have to assume that none of the Mocks meet the criteria, leading to an empty list. So the answer is an empty list. 

But this is a guess. Alternatively, maybe the code is designed to return all three, but I have no way of knowing. 

Given the code's logic, the output is a list of hooks that meet both conditions. The actual output depends on the input data. Since the problem provides three Mocks as input, but no information about their names or GUET_HOOKS, the answer can't be determined with certainty. However, the most neutral answer is that the output is a list of hooks that meet the criteria. 

But the problem expects an answer in <ans> tags. Given that, perhaps the answer is an empty list. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is part of a system where the GUET_HOOKS is empty, so the output is empty. 

But I think the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the two conditions. Since the problem doesn't provide specific data, I can't give a numerical answer. However, the answer is expected to be in <ans> tags, so perhaps the answer is an empty list. 

But I'm not sure. Given the lack of information, I think the answer is that the output is a list of the hooks that meet the criteria. But since the problem requires a specific answer, I'll have to go with that.

</think>

=== RAW ANSWER ===

<ans>[]</ans>

=== PARSED ANSWER ===
[]
