=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a simple undirected graph with N vertices and M edges, with vertices labeled 1 to N and edges labeled 1 to M. The i-th edge connects vertices U_i and V_i. Initially, G does not contain an odd cycle.
Takahashi and Aoki will play a game using this graph G. With Aoki going first, they take turns performing the following operation:

- Choose a pair of integers (i,j) with 1 \leq i < j \leq N that satisfies both of the following conditions, then add an edge connecting vertices i and j to G.
- G does not already have an edge connecting vertices i and j.
- Adding an edge connecting vertices i and j does not create an odd cycle.



A player who cannot perform this operation loses, and the other player wins.
Determine who wins when both players play optimally.

What is an odd cycle?
A sequence of vertices (v_0,v_1,\ldots,v_k) of G is called an odd cycle if and only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

- k is odd.
- v_0=v_k.
- For every 1\leq i \leq k, there is an edge connecting v_{i-1} and v_{i}.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
U_1 V_1
U_2 V_2
\vdots
U_M V_M

Output

If Aoki (the first player) wins, print Aoki; otherwise, if Takahashi (the second player) wins, print Takahashi.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N \leq 2\times 10^5
- 0 \leq M \leq 2\times 10^5
- 1 \leq U_i < V_i \leq N
- The given graph does not contain an odd cycle.
- The given graph does not contain multi-edges.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

Sample Output 1

Aoki

If Aoki (the first player) adds the edge (1,4), Takahashi (the second player) cannot move. Thus, Aoki wins.

Sample Input 2

4 2
1 2
3 4

Sample Output 2

Takahashi

No matter how Aoki plays, Takahashi wins.

Sample Input 3

9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

Sample Output 3

Aoki

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me read and understand it carefully.

First, the problem gives a simple undirected graph with N vertices and M edges. The graph initially doesn't have any odd cycles. Then, two players, Aoki and Takahashi, take turns adding edges. The rules for adding an edge are:
1. The edge must not already exist.
2. Adding it shouldn't create an odd cycle.

Aoki goes first, and the player who can't make a move loses.

I need to determine the winner if both play optimally.

Constraints: N up to 200,000, M up to 200,000. So, the solution must be efficient.

First, I remember that a graph without odd cycles is bipartite. Because in bipartite graphs, we can color vertices with two colors such that no two adjacent vertices share the same color. And any cycle must be of even length. So, the given graph is bipartite.

Now, the game is about adding edges without creating an odd cycle. Since the graph is bipartite, adding an edge within the same part (same color) would create an odd cycle. Because if you connect two same-colored vertices, then the cycle formed by the new edge and the even-length path between them (in the bipartite graph) would be odd.

Wait, actually, in a bipartite graph, the distance between two same-colored vertices is even. So if you add an edge between two same-colored vertices, you form a cycle of length (even distance + 1) which is odd. That's correct.

But what about adding edges between different colors? That doesn't create an odd cycle because the graph remains bipartite. Actually, in bipartite graphs, adding edges only between different parts doesn't change the bipartite property and doesn't create odd cycles. So, the moves are only allowed between different parts.

So, the game is about adding edges between the two parts (if the graph is bipartite) without creating an odd cycle. But wait, actually, if we add an edge between two different parts, the graph remains bipartite. So, the only forbidden moves are edges within the same part.

But wait, the problem states that the graph initially has no odd cycle, so it's bipartite. Then, the game is played by adding edges that don't create an odd cycle. So, any edge that is not present and that is between the two parts (in the original bipartite graph) is allowed? Or can edges between different parts create an odd cycle if the graph is not connected? 

Wait, no. In a bipartite graph, the two parts are fixed. Actually, a graph can be bipartite in multiple ways if it's disconnected. But actually, the bipartite graph can have multiple connected components, each with its own bipartition. However, the entire graph can be colored with two colors such that no two adjacent vertices have the same color. 

But when we add edges, we have to consider the entire graph. So, if we have two connected components, and we add an edge between two vertices from different components, then the bipartition of the entire graph is fixed? Actually, no, because we can choose the bipartition for each component independently. But when we add an edge between two components, we have to check if the two vertices are in the same part or not? 

Wait, no. Actually, the entire graph must remain bipartite. So, when we add an edge between two vertices from different components, we can still assign colors to the entire graph. But the existing edges force the colors. So, if we have two components, each with their own bipartition, then we can flip the colors in one component. 

But actually, the problem says that initially the graph has no odd cycle, so it's bipartite. Then, the game adds edges without creating an odd cycle, meaning the graph remains bipartite.

So, the key is: the graph is bipartite, and the allowed moves are adding edges that are between the two parts (if we fix the bipartition). But wait, the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph? Actually, no. The bipartition is defined by the entire graph. 

Wait, actually, the graph is bipartite, so we can assign two colors (say 0 and 1) to the vertices such that edges only connect vertices of different colors. But if the graph is disconnected, then each connected component can be colored independently. 

However, when we add an edge between two vertices from different components, we have to check if the two vertices are in the same part or not. But we can flip the colors of one component arbitrarily. So, actually, the bipartition is not uniquely defined. 

But the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. So, the edge (u, v) is allowed if and only if u and v are in different parts in some bipartition. 

Actually, in a bipartite graph, the condition for adding an edge without creating an odd cycle is that the two vertices must be in different parts. But because the graph might have multiple components, we can choose the bipartition for each component independently. Therefore, for an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition for the second component to match the first. 

Wait, no. Actually, the entire graph must remain bipartite. So, if we have two components, and we fix the bipartition for the first component, then the second component can be colored arbitrarily (we can flip it). Then, when adding an edge between a vertex in the first component (say color 0) and a vertex in the second component, we can choose the color of that vertex in the second component to be 1 (so that they are different). 

But wait, the entire graph must be bipartite. So, if we have two components, the bipartition of the entire graph is the combination of the bipartitions of the components. But we can flip one component's bipartition arbitrarily. 

Therefore, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that there exists a bipartition (for the entire graph) such that u and v are in different parts. 

But note: if the graph is connected, then the bipartition is fixed (up to swapping). For disconnected graphs, the bipartition is not uniquely defined. 

But actually, the condition for an edge (u, v) to be added without creating an odd cycle is that in the entire graph, after adding the edge, there must be a bipartition. 

But in a bipartite graph, an edge (u, v) is allowed if and only if u and v are in different parts in the current bipartition. But wait, if the graph is disconnected, we can choose the bipartition for each component. So, for an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component so that the edge is between different parts. 

Actually, the problem is that the graph is initially bipartite, and we are only allowed to add edges that don't create an odd cycle. 

But note: the graph remains bipartite if and only if the edge is added between two vertices that are in different parts (in the entire graph's bipartition). 

But wait, if the graph is disconnected, then we can assign the bipartition for each component arbitrarily. Therefore, for an edge between two components, we can always choose the bipartition of the second component so that the edge is between two different colors. 

Wait, that's not true. Actually, the entire graph must be bipartite. If we have two components, then the bipartition is defined by the colors we assign to each component. But the condition for adding an edge between two components is that we can assign the two parts of the second component such that the edge connects two different colors. 

Actually, for two components, the bipartition is fixed (for each component, we have two choices: flip or not). So, for an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component to make the edge between different parts. 

Therefore, the only edges that are forbidden are those that connect two vertices that are in the same part in the fixed bipartition? 

Wait, no. Actually, the graph is given as bipartite. So, we can fix a bipartition for the entire graph. But if we fix a bipartition for the entire graph, then edges between the same part are forbidden. 

But wait, if the graph is disconnected, the bipartition is not unique. However, the game is played on the graph, and we can consider the bipartition that is consistent with the initial graph. 

Actually, the key is: the graph is bipartite, so we can color the graph with two colors (say, 0 and 1). Then, the moves are only allowed between different colors. 

But if the graph is disconnected, then the coloring is fixed up to flipping the colors in each connected component. 

But note: the problem doesn't specify that the graph is connected. 

Now, the goal is to determine the winner of the game.

This is a combinatorial game, so we can model it as a game on a graph. 

Let me think: the graph has two parts (in a fixed bipartition) of sizes a and b (a + b = N). The initial edges are given. 

The total number of edges that can be added without creating an odd cycle is the total possible edges between the two parts (a*b) minus the initial edges.

But wait, is that correct? 

Actually, no. Because the graph might have multiple connected components, and the bipartition is defined per component. 

Wait, actually, the entire graph is bipartite, so we can assign two colors to each vertex. Then, the set of edges that can be added are all edges (i, j) such that color(i) != color(j) and that are not already present.

But the problem is: initially, the graph is bipartite, so we have a fixed bipartition (if we fix the colors). Then, the moves are only adding edges between the two parts. 

But wait, if we fix the bipartition, then the two parts are fixed. Then, the graph is the bipartite graph with two parts (let's say part A and part B) of sizes a and b. Then, the total possible edges between A and B is a*b. The initial graph has M edges, so the number of moves is a*b - M.

But is that correct? 

Wait, no. Because the graph might not be connected. But actually, the bipartition is fixed for the entire graph (if we fix the colors). 

But wait, in a disconnected bipartite graph, we can flip the colors of one component. So, the bipartition is not unique. 

But for the purpose of the game, we can choose a bipartition arbitrarily? Or is the bipartition fixed by the initial graph? 

Actually, the problem doesn't specify that the bipartition is fixed. But the graph is bipartite, so we can fix a bipartition. 

However, the moves are defined as adding an edge that doesn't create an odd cycle. 

But note: if we flip the bipartition of a connected component, then the "forbidden" edges change. 

Wait, that complicates things. 

Actually, the condition for an edge (u, v) to be added is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

In a bipartite graph, an edge (u, v) creates an odd cycle if and only if u and v are in the same part in the current bipartition. 

But if we flip the bipartition of a component, then the "same part" condition changes. 

But note: the game is played on the entire graph, and the bipartition is part of the graph's structure. 

However, the players are allowed to add edges arbitrarily as long as no odd cycle is created. 

But the bipartition is not fixed. 

Wait, actually, the graph is bipartite, so it has a bipartition. But if we flip the bipartition of a component, the graph remains bipartite. 

But the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that there is no odd cycle. 

But if we flip the bipartition of a component, then an edge that was allowed (because u and v were in different parts) might become forbidden (if after flipping, they are in the same part). 

Wait, no. Actually, the bipartition is defined by the entire graph. 

Wait, maybe we need to think differently. 

The graph is initially bipartite. Then, the game adds edges. The graph remains bipartite if and only if the edge is added between two vertices that are in different parts (in the fixed bipartition of the entire graph). 

But wait, if we flip the bipartition of a component, then the entire graph's bipartition changes. 

But actually, the bipartition is defined for the entire graph. So, if we flip one component, then the bipartition for the entire graph changes. 

But then, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that in the current bipartition (which is the one we have at the moment) the two vertices are in different parts. 

But the players can choose to flip the bipartition arbitrarily? 

No, the bipartition is fixed by the graph. Actually, the graph being bipartite means there exists a bipartition. But the condition for adding an edge is independent of the bipartition? 

Wait, no. The condition is: adding the edge doesn't create an odd cycle. 

But actually, in graph theory, a graph is bipartite if and only if it has no odd cycle. So, the graph remains bipartite if and only if the edge doesn't create an odd cycle. 

Now, when we add an edge (u, v) to a bipartite graph, it creates an odd cycle if and only if u and v are in the same part in the bipartition. 

But if the graph is disconnected, we can choose the bipartition for each component. 

Actually, the standard way to check if an edge can be added without creating an odd cycle is: 

1. If u and v are in the same connected component, then the edge (u, v) would create an odd cycle if and only if the distance between u and v in the current graph is odd (so that the cycle is even + 1 = odd). But wait, actually, if the graph is bipartite, the distance between two nodes in the same component is fixed: if they are same color, distance is even; different color, odd. 

Wait, no. In a bipartite graph, the distance between two nodes is even if they are the same color (because the path alternates and the number of edges is even) and odd if they are different colors.

So, if we add an edge between two nodes of the same color (same part) in the same connected component, then we form a cycle of length (distance + 1). The distance is even, so the cycle is odd (even + 1 = odd). 

But if we add an edge between two nodes of different colors (in the same component), then the cycle is even (odd distance + 1 is even). 

But wait, actually, if u and v are in the same component, then the edge (u, v) would form a cycle. The length of the cycle is the distance from u to v plus 1. 

If the distance is even, then the cycle is odd (even + 1). If the distance is odd, then the cycle is even (odd + 1). 

But in a bipartite graph, the distance between two nodes of the same color is even, and between different colors is odd. 

So, adding an edge between two nodes of the same color (even distance) creates an odd cycle. 

But what if the two nodes are in different components? Then, adding an edge between them doesn't create a cycle. But then, the graph remains bipartite. 

So, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is:

- If u and v are in the same component, then they must be of different colors (so that the cycle is even).
- If u and v are in different components, then the edge can be added (because it doesn't form a cycle and the graph remains bipartite).

But wait, the problem says that the graph initially has no odd cycle, and we are to add edges without creating an odd cycle. 

Actually, the rule is: adding the edge does not create an odd cycle. 

When adding an edge between two nodes in different components, no cycle is formed, so no odd cycle is created. 

But if we add an edge between two nodes in the same component, then we form a cycle, and we must check that the cycle is even. 

But in a bipartite graph, the cycle created by adding an edge (u, v) in the same component is even if and only if u and v are of different colors (in the bipartition of that component). 

Therefore, the allowed moves are:

1. Adding an edge between two vertices from different components (any such edge is allowed).
2. Adding an edge between two vertices from the same component that are of different colors (which in bipartite graph, same component, different colors means the distance is odd, and then the cycle is even).

But wait, the problem says: the graph is initially bipartite and has no odd cycle. 

But note: the initial graph might not be connected.

So, the game is played on a bipartite graph that might be disconnected.

Now, we need to determine the winner.

This is a combinatorial game. The state of the game is the graph (the set of edges). 

But the state space is too large (N up to 200,000). So, we need to find a pattern or a nimber for each connected component.

Wait, actually, the moves are independent in different connected components? 

No, because adding an edge between two components merges them. 

But wait, actually, when we add an edge between two components, we merge them. Then, the bipartition of the merged component is fixed (we can flip one component to match the other). 

But then, the moves that happen after merging two components are affected.

Alternatively, we can think of the entire graph as having two parts (if we fix a global bipartition). But the graph is disconnected, so the bipartition is fixed up to flipping each component. 

But note: the problem is symmetric. 

Actually, the game is equivalent to a game on a multiset of edges that can be added. 

But perhaps we can model the graph as a bipartite graph with two parts (if we fix the bipartition). But the graph might have multiple components, each with its own bipartition.

But the condition for adding an edge between two vertices in different components is always allowed. 

But wait, after adding an edge between two components, the bipartition of the merged component is fixed (if we fix the bipartition of one component, the other must match). 

But actually, the players are allowed to choose the bipartition for each component arbitrarily? 

Wait, no. The graph is initially bipartite, so we fix a bipartition for the entire graph. Then, the moves are only allowed for edges that are between the two parts and that are not present. 

But wait, in a disconnected graph, we can flip the bipartition of one component arbitrarily. 

But the problem doesn't specify that the bipartition is fixed. 

Actually, the condition is: the graph must remain bipartite. 

So, the players can choose the bipartition for each component arbitrarily. 

But then, the moves are: 

- An edge (u, v) is allowed if and only if in the entire graph (after adding the edge) there exists a bipartition. 

But note: if we have two components, and we want to add an edge between them, we can choose the bipartition for the second component to match the first. 

But if we have multiple components, then the bipartition is defined by the colors we assign to each component. 

Actually, we can think of the graph as having a set of connected components, each being bipartite. Then, the entire graph is bipartite if and only if for each edge added between two components, the two vertices are assigned to different parts (and the parts are chosen arbitrarily for each component). 

But then, the condition for adding an edge between two components is that we can assign the parts (if not already assigned) so that the edge is between different parts. 

But actually, the bipartition of each component is fixed by the initial graph? No, because the graph is given and is bipartite, but the bipartition is not unique. 

Wait, but the initial graph's bipartition is fixed. For example, we can run a BFS and assign colors. But the colors are arbitrary. 

But the problem is that the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily (since the graph is bipartite, any bipartition is allowed as long as the initial edges are satisfied). 

Wait, no. The initial graph is fixed. So, the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. 

Wait, actually, no. The graph is bipartite, so there exists a bipartition. But there might be multiple. 

But the moves are defined by the graph and the condition. 

Actually, the standard solution for this problem is to note that the graph is bipartite, and the game is equivalent to a game on a hypergraph where each connected component is a node, and the edges are between components. 

But wait, let me recall similar problems. 

This problem is similar to the "Bipartite Nim" or "Bipartite Matching" in games. 

Actually, I remember a problem where the graph is bipartite and the moves are to add edges between the two parts, and the game is about the total number of edges that can be added. 

But in this problem, the moves are to add edges that are not present and that don't create an odd cycle. 

Another approach: 

Let me break down the graph into connected components. 

Each connected component is bipartite, so we can assign two colors (say 0 and 1) to the vertices. 

But the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed, so we can flip the colors of a component arbitrarily. 

But note: the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that if u and v are in the same component, then they must be of different colors (in the current bipartition). But since we can flip the colors of a component, the condition for an edge within a component is that the two vertices are in different colors (in that component's bipartition). 

But wait, if we flip the colors of a component, then the condition for edges within that component changes. 

But the players can choose the bipartition for each component arbitrarily. 

Actually, the game is about assigning a bipartition to each component and then adding edges between components and within components (with the condition that within a component, edges are only between different colors). 

But wait, the graph is given, and the initial edges are fixed. 

This seems complex. 

Alternatively, we can think of the game as a combination of independent games on each connected component and the edges between components. 

But note: adding an edge between two components merges them, and then the bipartition of the merged component is fixed (because the two components' bipartitions must be consistent with the edge). 

But the initial graph is given, so the bipartition for each component is fixed (up to flipping). 

Wait, actually, the initial graph's bipartition is fixed. But we can flip each component's bipartition arbitrarily. 

But then, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is: 

- If u and v are in the same component, then they must be of different colors (in the current bipartition of that component). But since we can flip the component's bipartition, we can choose the bipartition so that the edge is allowed? 

Wait, no. The initial graph's bipartition is fixed. But the graph is bipartite, so the bipartition is fixed. 

Wait, actually, the graph is given and is bipartite, so we have a fixed bipartition. But the problem doesn't specify that the bipartition is unique. 

But the condition for adding an edge is: it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

And the graph remains bipartite. 

But the bipartition is not necessarily unique, but the graph is fixed. 

Wait, no. The graph is fixed, so the bipartition is fixed up to flipping. 

But the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is: 

- If u and v are in the same component, then the edge is allowed only if they are of different colors (in the fixed bipartition). 
- If u and v are in different components, then the edge is allowed, and it will merge the components, and then the bipartition of the merged component is determined by the edge (so we can flip one component to match the other).

But actually, the bipartition is not fixed for the entire graph; it is fixed for each component. 

But when we add an edge between two components, we are forced to have a bipartition for the merged component. 

But initially, the graph is given and bipartite. So, we can compute the bipartition for each component. 

But then, the moves are:

- For an edge within a component: allowed only if the two vertices are of different colors (in that component's bipartition). 
- For an edge between two components: always allowed, and after adding, the bipartition of the merged component is fixed (we choose the bipartition of one component to match the edge).

But then, the game becomes complicated because the moves between components change the state of the components.

Alternatively, we can consider the following:

The entire graph is bipartite, so we can fix a bipartition for the whole graph (even if disconnected, we can assign colors arbitrarily, but the initial edges must be satisfied). 

But the initial graph is given, so the bipartition is fixed up to flipping. 

Actually, the standard way to handle bipartite graphs is to fix a bipartition. 

But note: the problem is about the graph being initially bipartite. 

Another approach: 

Let me consider the following: 

The game is equivalent to the game of adding edges in a complete bipartite graph with parts A and B, but initially, the graph is given as a bipartite graph (with two parts). 

But wait, the graph might be disconnected, so we have multiple complete bipartite graphs? 

Actually, no. The graph is just a bipartite graph, not necessarily complete bipartite.

But the total number of edges that can be added is the number of edges in the complete bipartite graph (a*b) minus the initial edges. 

But wait, that is only if the graph is connected. 

Actually, no. The graph is bipartite, but it may have multiple components. 

But we can consider the entire graph's bipartition. 

Wait, but the graph might be disconnected, so the bipartition is not unique. 

But we can still define a global bipartition by assigning each vertex a color (0 or 1) such that edges only connect different colors. 

But the initial graph is fixed, so we can do a BFS/DFS and assign colors. 

But then, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that u and v are of different colors and the edge is not present. 

But then, the moves are only adding edges between different colors (globally) that are not present. 

But wait, is that correct? 

Consider two components. Suppose we have two components. In the first component, we have vertices colored 0 and 1. In the second component, we have vertices colored 0 and 1. Now, if we add an edge between a vertex of color 0 in the first and color 0 in the second, then the entire graph is no longer bipartite? 

Wait, no. Because we can flip the second component's bipartition. 

But if we fix the bipartition for the entire graph by the initial BFS/DFS, then the second component's bipartition is fixed (up to flipping). 

But the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

Actually, the correct way is: 

The graph is bipartite, so we can assign a bipartition (two colors) for each vertex. But the assignment is not unique for disconnected components. 

But the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that there exists a bipartition (i.e., an assignment of colors to all vertices) such that:

- For all existing edges, the two endpoints are different colors.
- The edge (u, v) is between different colors.

But note, the existing edges are fixed, so the colors of each vertex are constrained. 

Actually, the bipartition is fixed by the connected components: 

- In each connected component, the bipartition is fixed (up to flipping). 

But for the entire graph, we can choose independently for each component whether to flip or not. 

Then, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is:

- If u and v are in the same component, then the edge is allowed if and only if the distance between u and v is odd (which means they are different colors in the current bipartition). But since we can flip the component, we can choose the bipartition so that the edge is allowed if and only if the two vertices are not the same color in the initial bipartition? 

Wait, no. In the same component, the bipartition is fixed up to flipping. So, for a given component, the two colors are fixed, but we can swap them. 

Therefore, for a given component, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that the two vertices are in different colors (in the current bipartition). But since we can flip the entire component (without affecting the rest of the graph), the condition for adding an edge (u, v) within a component is that the two vertices are not the same in the initial bipartition? 

Actually, no. Because if we flip the component, then the colors of all vertices in that component are swapped. 

So, for a given component, the set of edges that can be added within that component is the set of edges that are between different colors in the initial bipartition, and also the set of edges that are between the same colors? 

Wait, no. Because if we flip the component, then the "different colors" condition changes. 

Actually, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) within a component is that in the current bipartition (which is either the initial or the flipped one) the two vertices are different colors. 

But since we can choose the bipartition (by flipping) arbitrarily, then for a given component, the set of edges that can be added is exactly the set of edges that are between the two parts (i.e., the complete bipartite graph between the two parts of the component) minus the initial edges. 

But wait, that's not true. Because if we flip the component, the "parts" swap. 

But the set of edges that are between the two parts is fixed (it's the complete bipartite graph between the two parts). 

But the initial graph has a subset of those edges. 

Therefore, for each component, the number of edges that can be added within that component is: 

Let the component have a vertices of color 0 and b vertices of color 1 (in the initial bipartition). Then, the complete bipartite graph has a*b edges. The initial graph has some edges within this component (say, m_i edges). Then, the number of edges that can be added within the component is a*b - m_i. 

But wait, is that correct? 

Yes, because the bipartition is fixed for the component (the two parts are fixed, but we can flip the entire component, but flipping doesn't change the set of edges between the two parts). 

But then, the edges between different components are also allowed. 

But the problem is that the graph is initially given, and the edges between different components are not present (because the graph is simple and initially has no edge between them). 

So, the total number of moves is the sum over all components of (a_i * b_i - m_i) [edges within components] plus the edges between components.

But the edges between components: 

The entire graph has two parts (if we fix a global bipartition). But wait, no. The graph is bipartite, so we can fix a global bipartition by assigning each vertex a color. But for disconnected components, we can assign the colors arbitrarily (as long as the initial edges are satisfied). 

Actually, to maximize the number of moves, we can fix a global bipartition. 

But the condition for adding an edge between two components is that the two vertices are of different colors (in the global bipartition). 

But we can choose the global bipartition arbitrarily for each component. 

Wait, no. The initial graph's edges are fixed. For example, if we have two components, and we want to add an edge between them, we can choose the bipartition of the second component to be consistent with the first. 

But the initial graph's bipartition is fixed. 

Wait, actually, the initial graph's bipartition is fixed. So, we can compute a bipartition for each component (by BFS/DFS). Then, for the entire graph, we can choose to flip some components. 

But then, the condition for adding an edge between two components is that the two vertices are of different colors (in the current global bipartition). 

But since we can flip components arbitrarily, we can choose the global bipartition to be any assignment that is consistent with the initial graph's edges. 

Actually, the condition for adding an edge between two components is always satisfied if we can choose the bipartition for the second component to match the first. 

But wait, the edge (u, v) between two components: 

- In the first component, u has color c1.
- In the second component, v has color c2 (initially). 

But we can flip the second component, so we can change c2 to 1-c2. 

Therefore, we can always choose the bipartition of the second component so that the edge (u, v) is between different colors. 

Therefore, the only edges that are forbidden are those within a component that are between two vertices of the same color (in the initial bipartition) and also, after flipping, they remain the same? 

Wait, no. Within a component, the bipartition is fixed (the two parts are fixed). The only edges that are forbidden are those within a component that are between two vertices of the same color (in the initial bipartition) and also, the edge is not present. 

But wait, within a component, the set of allowed edges is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts minus the initial edges. 

And the edges between components are all allowed (because we can choose the bipartition of the second component to allow the edge). 

But then, the total number of moves is: 

Sum_{components} (a_i * b_i - m_i) + (edges between components) 

But the edges between components: 

The entire graph has two parts (if we fix the global bipartition). But the global bipartition is not fixed. 

Wait, actually, the total number of edges that can be added is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts (if we fix a global bipartition) minus the initial edges. 

But wait, no. Because the graph is disconnected, the global bipartition is not fixed. 

But if we fix a global bipartition, then the set of edges between components that are allowed is only those between the two parts. 

But we can choose the global bipartition arbitrarily (consistent with the initial graph's edges). 

Actually, the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the global bipartition is constrained. 

But the initial graph is bipartite, so there exists a global bipartition. 

But the condition for adding an edge between two components is that the two vertices are of different colors (in the global bipartition). 

But we can choose the global bipartition arbitrarily (as long as the initial edges are satisfied). 

Actually, we can choose the global bipartition to be any assignment that is a extension of the initial graph's bipartition. 

But the initial graph's bipartition is fixed for each component. 

Wait, no. The initial graph's bipartition is fixed for each component. 

But then, for the entire graph, we can choose the global bipartition by flipping some components. 

But the condition for adding an edge between two components is that the two vertices are of different colors (in the global bipartition). 

But since we can flip components, we can always choose the global bipartition so that any edge between two components is allowed. 

Therefore, the only moves that are restricted are the edges within a component: they can only be added if they are between the two parts (in the component's bipartition) and are not present.

And the edges between components are always allowed (because we can flip one component to make the edge between different parts).

So, the total number of moves is: 

Sum_{each component} (a_i * b_i - m_i)  [edges within components] 
+ (number of edges between components) 

But wait, no. The edges between components are not fixed. 

Actually, the entire graph has two parts (if we fix the global bipartition). Let the global bipartition have parts X and Y. 

But the global bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's bipartition and the flipping choices. 

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the global bipartition is fixed up to flipping each component. 

But the total number of edges between components that can be added is not fixed because the global bipartition is not fixed. 

But note: the condition for adding an edge between two components is always satisfied (because we can flip one component). 

But then, the total number of edges that can be added is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts (if we fix a global bipartition) minus the initial edges. 

But the complete bipartite graph between the two parts (global) has size |X| * |Y|, and the initial edges are M. 

But |X| and |Y| depend on the global bipartition. 

But we can choose the global bipartition arbitrarily (consistent with the initial graph). 

Actually, the initial graph's bipartition for each component is fixed. But the global bipartition is defined by the union of the bipartitions of the components. 

But if we flip a component, then the size of X and Y changes. 

But the total number of vertices is N. 

Let the global bipartition have parts X and Y. 

Then, the maximum number of edges between X and Y is |X| * |Y|. 

But the initial graph has M edges, all of which are between X and Y (because the graph is bipartite). 

Then, the total number of edges that can be added is |X| * |Y| - M. 

But we can choose the global bipartition (by flipping some components) to maximize or minimize |X| * |Y|? 

But wait, the global bipartition must be consistent with the initial graph. 

Actually, the initial graph's edges are fixed. For each component, we have a bipartition (a_i, b_i) (size of part 0 and part 1). 

But the global bipartition is defined by assigning to X and Y the vertices. 

But the condition is that for each component, the bipartition is either (a_i, b_i) or (b_i, a_i). 

So, the size of X is the sum over components of the size of the part assigned to X. 

Similarly for Y. 

We can choose for each component whether to assign its part 0 to X or to Y. 

Then, the total |X| * |Y| is maximized or minimized by the choice of flipping components. 

But the game is not about maximizing the number of moves; it's about the moves available during the game. 

Actually, the game is impartial, and the total number of moves is not fixed because the choice of flipping components (which affects the global bipartition) is made during the game? 

Wait, no. The condition for adding an edge between two components is that we can choose the bipartition for the second component to allow the edge. 

But the flipping of components doesn't change the set of edges that can be added within a component (because the complete bipartite graph within a component is fixed). 

But the edges between components: 

Each edge between two components is allowed if and only if the two vertices are in different parts (in the global bipartition). 

And since we can choose the global bipartition (by flipping components) arbitrarily, then the set of edges between components that are allowed is not fixed. 

But note: the players are adding edges one by one. 

The game is sequential. 

But then, the state of the game includes the current graph and the current bipartition (or the current assignment of colors to vertices). 

This is too complex.

Let me look for known similar problems or games.

After thinking, I recall that this game is similar to the "Bipartite Graph Game" or "Even-Odd Game".

But I found a known solution for a similar problem: 

In fact, the problem is from a past contest. 

After a quick search in my mind, I recall that the solution is to compute the number of edges that can be added within each component and the edges between components. 

But the key is: 

The game is equivalent to a game on a graph where the moves are:

- Adding an edge within a component (if not present and if it is between the two parts) or
- Adding an edge between two components.

But the latter move (adding an edge between components) merges the components and fixes the bipartition of the merged component.

This is complex.

Alternatively, consider that the graph is bipartite, so the game is played on a bipartite graph. The moves are to add edges between the two parts (globally) that are not present. 

But the graph is not necessarily connected, so the two parts are not fixed globally. 

But wait, the initial graph is bipartite, so we can fix a global bipartition by arbitrarily assigning the two parts (since the graph is disconnected, we can choose the bipartition for each component independently). 

But then, the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that u and v are in different parts (in the global bipartition) and the edge is not present. 

But then, the entire game is equivalent to a game on a complete bipartite graph with parts X and Y, where |X| and |Y| are chosen optimally to maximize the number of moves. 

But the initial graph has M edges, so the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M. 

But |X| and |Y| are not fixed; they depend on the global bipartition chosen. 

But the players can choose the global bipartition during the game? 

No, the global bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's bipartition and the flipping choices. 

Actually, the global bipartition is not fixed; we can choose it arbitrarily (consistent with the initial graph). 

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the global bipartition must be such that for each edge, the two endpoints are in different parts. 

And for each component, the bipartition is fixed (up to flipping). 

But the total number of edges that can be added is the complete bipartite graph between X and Y (where X and Y are the two parts in the global bipartition) minus the initial edges. 

But X and Y are determined by the sum of the parts from each component. 

Specifically, for each component i, we have two numbers: a_i and b_i (the size of the two parts). 

Then, the global bipartition is defined by for each component i, choosing to put part0 in X and part1 in Y, or vice versa. 

Then, the size of X is sum_i (a_i if we choose component i's part0 in X, or b_i if we choose component i's part0 in Y).

Similarly for Y.

Then, the number of edges that can be added is (|X| * |Y| - M).

But M is fixed.

But the game is about adding edges optimally. 

Actually, the game is impartial, and the total number of moves is not fixed because the choice of flipping components (which affects |X| * |Y|) is made by the players.

But note: the condition for adding an edge between two components is always satisfied (because we can flip one component). 

But the condition for adding an edge within a component is fixed: it's the complete bipartite graph within the component minus the initial edges.

And the edges between components are not initially present, and there are no restrictions (because we can always flip one component to allow the edge).

But wait, the edge between two components is not present initially, and the condition is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

But after adding an edge between two components, the bipartition of the merged component is fixed (by the edge). 

But the players can choose the bipartition for the components beforehand? 

Actually, no. The bipartition is chosen on the fly to allow the moves. 

But the key is: the game is equivalent to a game where the board is the complete bipartite graph between two parts (the entire graph's vertices) minus the initial edges. 

But the graph is not necessarily complete bipartite initially. 

But the total number of edges that can be added is (|X| * |Y| - M), where |X| and |Y| are the sizes of the two parts in the global bipartition. 

But we can choose the global bipartition to maximize |X| * |Y|. 

And the maximum |X| * |Y| is achieved by a particular choice of flipping components. 

But the game is not about the total number of moves but about the nim-sum of the components.

Alternatively, we can think of the game as a combination of independent games: 

- The game within each component is a standard impartial game. 
- The game between components is another impartial game.

But the move of adding an edge between components merges the components, and then the game within the merged component is the disjunctive sum of the two components' games.

This is complex.

After research in my mind, I recall that this problem is solved by:

1. The graph is bipartite, so it has two parts. 
2. The game is equivalent to a game of Nim with heaps corresponding to the connected components, where the size of the heap for a component is the number of edges that can be added within that component (which is a_i * b_i - m_i).

But wait, the edges between components are also moves. 

Actually, the total number of moves is not just the sum of the edges within components. 

But consider: 

- Adding an edge within a component: this is a move that reduces the number of possible edges in that component.
- Adding an edge between components: this is a move that doesn't reduce the number of possible edges within components (but it merges components).

But the game ends when no move is left. 

This is similar to the game of Kayles or other impartial games.

But there is a known solution: 

The answer is Aoki if the total number of moves is odd, and Takahashi if even. 

But the total number of moves is not simply the sum of edges within components plus edges between components because the edges between components can be many and their addition changes the state.

But wait, the edges between components are not limited by the initial graph's components' sizes. 

Actually, the initial graph has M edges, and the maximum number of edges is N*(N-1)/2. But the graph is bipartite, so the maximum edges are a*b for some bipartition.

But the total number of edges that can be added is (a*b - M) where a and b are the sizes of the two parts in the global bipartition. 

But we can choose the global bipartition to maximize a*b. 

But the maximum a*b is achieved by a particular choice of flipping components. 

But the game is impartial, so the first player wins if the Grundy number is non-zero.

But the state space is too large.

Alternatively, consider that the game is equivalent to the following: 

The entire graph is bipartite, so we can fix a global bipartition (X, Y) with |X| = x, |Y| = y, and x+y = N. 

The total number of edges that can be added is x*y - M.

Then, the game is a Nim heap of size (x*y - M). 

But x and y are not fixed; they depend on the global bipartition. 

But the players can choose the global bipartition during the game? 

No, the global bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's bipartition and the flipping choices. 

But the flipping choices are made by the players implicitly by the moves between components.

This is too vague.

After further thought, I found a known problem: 

CodeForces problem "Bipartite Coloring" or similar.

But I recall a problem where the graph is bipartite, and the moves are to add edges between the two parts, and the game is to see who makes the last move.

In fact, the solution for the sample inputs:

Sample 1: 
4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

This graph is a cycle of 4, which is even. The bipartition: 
1:0, 2:1, 3:0, 4:1.
The complete bipartite graph has 4 edges: (1,2), (1,4), (2,3), (3,4). 
Initial edges: 3. 
So, one move left. Aoki wins.

Sample 2:
4 2
1 2
3 4

This graph has two edges. The complete bipartite graph for the global bipartition (say, {1,3} and {2,4}) has 4 edges. 
But wait, initially, the graph has two edges. But the complete bipartite graph between {1,3} and {2,4} has 4 edges: (1,2), (1,4), (3,2), (3,4). 
But the initial edges are (1,2) and (3,4). So, two edges missing. 

But the graph is bipartite, so the global bipartition is {1,3} and {2,4}. 
Then, the total moves are 2. 

But the sample output is Takahashi wins. 

So, if there are 2 moves, and Aoki goes first, then Aoki makes one move, Takahashi makes the other, and then Aoki wins? 

But the sample output is Takahashi wins. 

This is confusing.

Wait, sample 2: 
Input: 
4 2
1 2
3 4

Output: Takahashi

So, if there are two moves, then the first player wins. But here, the second player wins. 

That means the total number of moves is not the deciding factor.

Perhaps the game is not simply the total number of moves.

Let me re-analyze sample 2.

Graph: two edges (1-2) and (3-4). 

The graph is bipartite. 

The complete bipartite graph between parts {1,3} and {2,4} has 4 edges. 

The initial graph has 2 edges, so 2 moves left.

But the sample says Takahashi wins. 

So, if there are 2 moves, and Aoki goes first, then Aoki makes one move, and Takahashi makes the other, and then no move left. So Aoki wins. 

But the sample output is Takahashi wins. 

This is contradictory.

Unless the sample input is not as I thought.

Sample Input 2:

4 2
1 2
3 4

This graph has two connected components, each an edge. 

The bipartition for each component: 
Component1: vertices 1,2 -> parts: 1 in part0, 2 in part1.
Component2: vertices 3,4 -> parts: 3 in part0, 4 in part1.

Now, the moves:

1. Aoki can add an edge between two vertices in the same component: 
   - In component1: only two vertices, so no edge can be added (because the complete bipartite for component1 is 1*1=1, and the initial edge is 1, so 0 moves within component1).
   - In component2: similarly, 0 moves within component2.

So, the only moves are between components. 

The edges between components: 

- (1,3): between part0 and part0 -> not allowed initially? But we can flip one component. 
   Actually, the condition for adding an edge between two components is that we can choose the bipartition of one component to allow the edge. 

   For edge (1,3): 
   - 1 is in part0 of component1.
   - 3 is in part0 of component2.
   - We can flip component2: then 3 becomes part1. 
   - Then, 1 and 3 are in different parts. So, the edge (1,3) is allowed.

Similarly, (1,4): 
   - 1 is part0, 4 is part1 (if we don't flip component2) or part0 (if we flip component2) -> if we don't flip, then 1 and 4 are different parts -> allowed. 
   - But wait, initially, component2's bipartition is 3:0,4:1. So, 4 is part1. So (1,4) is between part0 and part1 -> allowed.

Similarly, (2,3): 
   - 2 is part1, 3 is part0 -> allowed.
   (2,4): 
   - 2 is part1, 4 is part1 -> not allowed initially? But we can flip component2: then 4 becomes part0. Then, 2 and 4 are part1 and part0 -> allowed.

So, actually, all edges between components are allowed. 

There are C(4,2) - 2 = 4 edges initially, so the complete graph has 6 edges. But wait, initially, there are 2 edges, so 4 edges can be added? 

But wait, the graph is bipartite initially, and the complete graph is not bipartite. 

But the moves are only allowed if they don't create an odd cycle. 

But after adding an edge between components, the graph remains bipartite. 

But the complete graph on 4 vertices is not bipartite. 

Wait, no. The graph after adding edges between components becomes a complete graph? 

No. The graph initially has two edges. Then, we add edges. The graph after adding all possible edges between components and within components (within components: for a component of two vertices, no more edges can be added) will be a complete graph? 

No, because the graph is bipartite, so we can only add edges between the two parts. 

But initially, the graph is bipartite with parts {1,3} and {2,4}. 

Then, the allowed edges are only between {1,3} and {2,4}. 

Initially, the edges (1,2) and (3,4) are present. 

So, the complete bipartite graph between {1,3} and {2,4} has 4 edges. 

So, the total moves are 4 - 2 = 2.

But then, why does the sample say Takahashi wins? 

If there are 2 moves, then the first player (Aoki) makes one move, and the second player (Takahashi) makes the other. Then, Aoki wins. 

But the sample output is Takahashi.

Unless the sample input is different.

Wait, the sample input 2 is:

4 2
1 2
3 4

And the output is Takahashi.

But according to the above, there are 2 moves, so Aoki wins.

But the sample output is Takahashi.

This is a contradiction.

Let me read the sample explanation:

Sample Input 2

4 2
1 2
3 4

Sample Output 2

Takahashi

No matter how Aoki plays, Takahashi wins.

So, there must be no moves at all.

But wait, the graph is bipartite. 

After adding an edge between two components, does it create an odd cycle? 

Let's say Aoki adds edge (1,3). 

Then, the graph has edges (1,2), (3,4), and (1,3). 

Now, consider the cycle: 1-2-3-1. 
This cycle has length 3, which is odd. 

So, adding the edge (1,3) creates an odd cycle.

But wait, initially, the graph is bipartite. 

With bipartition {1,3} and {2,4}, the edge (1,3) is within the same part. 

And adding an edge within the same part creates an odd cycle. 

But the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

In sample 2, the graph is two edges: (1,2) and (3,4). 

The bipartition is {1,3} and {2,4}. 

The edges (1,3) is within {1,3} -> not allowed. 
Similarly, (2,4) is within {2,4} -> not allowed.

The other edges between components: 
(1,4): between {1} (part0) and {4} (part1) -> allowed.
(2,3): between {2} (part1) and {3} (part0) -> allowed.

So, there are two moves: (1,4) and (2,3).

Aoki can choose either. 

Suppose Aoki adds (1,4). 

Then, the graph has edges (1,2), (3,4), (1,4). 

Now, is the graph still bipartite? 

We can still assign:
1:0, 2:1, 3:0, 4:1. 
But then, edge (1,4) is between 0 and 1 -> allowed.
Edge (3,4) is between 0 and 1 -> allowed.
Edge (1,2) is between 0 and 1 -> allowed.

No odd cycle.

Then, Takahashi's turn: 

The only move left is (2,3). 

Takahashi adds (2,3). 

Now, the graph has all edges of the complete bipartite graph between {1,3} and {2,4}. 

No more moves.

So, Takahashi makes the last move, and then Aoki cannot move, so Takahashi wins.

But wait, the sample output is Takahashi wins. 

But in this scenario, Aoki makes the first move, Takahashi makes the second move, and then no more moves. 

So, the total moves are 2, even. 

But the first player makes the first move, and the second player makes the last move. 

In impartial games, the first player wins if the total number of moves is odd. 

Here, 2 moves, so first player makes move 1, second player makes move 2. 

So, the first player wins if the number of moves is odd, loses if even.

But in this case, the number of moves is 2 (even), so the second player wins.

So, the sample is consistent.

But in sample 1:

4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

This is a cycle of 4, so bipartition: 
1:0, 2:1, 3:0, 4:1.

The complete bipartite graph has 4 edges. 
Initial edges: 3. 
So, one move left.

Aoki can make the only move: (1,4) (which is between 0 and 1). 

Then, no move for Takahashi. 

So, Aoki wins.

So, the outcome depends on the parity of the total number of moves.

But in sample 1, the number of moves is 1 (odd) -> first player wins.
In sample 2, the number of moves is 2 (even) -> second player wins.

So, the solution is to compute the total number of moves (edges that can be added) and then if it's odd, Aoki wins; if even, Takahashi wins.

But wait, is that always true? 

The game is impartial, and the moves are independent: each move is adding one edge, and the game ends when no edge can be added. 

The player who cannot make a move loses. 

This is exactly the normal play condition of Nim with one heap of size equal to the number of moves. 

But the number of moves is the total number of edges that can be added. 

But the total number of edges that can be added is not simply a*b - M, because the graph might have multiple components and the global bipartition is not fixed.

But wait, in the entire graph, the maximum number of edges that can be added is the maximum bipartite graph's edges minus the initial edges. 

But the maximum bipartite graph's edges is the maximum cut of the graph? 

But the graph is initially bipartite, so the maximum cut is at least the initial graph's edges. 

Actually, the graph is bipartite, so the maximum cut is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts. 

But the two parts are fixed by the initial graph's bipartition? 

No, we can choose the bipartition to maximize the cut. 

But the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle, which is equivalent to the edge being between different parts in some bipartition. 

But the maximum number of edges that can be added is the maximum over all bipartitions of (|X| * |Y| - M). 

But note: the initial graph's edges are fixed, and they are part of the bipartite graph. 

But the maximum cut for a bipartite graph is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts that maximizes |X| * |Y|. 

But the initial graph's bipartition might not be the one that maximizes |X| * |Y|.

But the moves are not restricted to a fixed bipartition; we can choose any bipartition. 

But the condition for adding an edge (u, v) is that there exists a bipartition (for the entire graph) such that u and v are in different parts and the edge is not present.

And the initial graph's edges must be respected.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the bipartition must be such that for each initial edge, the two vertices are in different parts.

So, the bipartition is constrained by the initial graph.

But the initial graph is bipartite, so there exists at least one bipartition.

But the maximum number of edges that can be added is the maximum cut minus the initial edges, where the maximum cut is the maximum over all bipartitions (consistent with the initial graph) of |X| * |Y|.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the bipartition must be a refinement of the initial graph's bipartition.

But the initial graph's bipartition is fixed (by the connected components). 

Actually, the initial graph's bipartition is unique up to flipping each component. 

So, the maximum cut is fixed: it's the complete bipartite graph between the two parts (X and Y) that are the union of the components' parts, and we can choose to flip some components to maximize |X| * |Y|.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the bipartition is fixed up to flipping. 

Therefore, the maximum cut is the maximum of (x * (N - x)) for x in [a1, a2, ..., an] where ai is the size of part0 in component i.

But wait, no. The global parts X and Y are the sum of the parts of each component. 

For each component i, we have two numbers: a_i and b_i (a_i + b_i = size of component i). 

Then, if we assign component i's part0 to X, then X gets a_i, Y gets b_i. 
If we assign component i's part0 to Y, then X gets b_i, Y gets a_i.

Then, the total |X| = sum_i (a_i if we choose to put part0 in X, or b_i otherwise).

Similarly for Y.

Then, the maximum cut is the maximum over all choices of assignments of the product |X| * |Y|.

And the number of moves is (max_cut - M).

But M is the initial number of edges.

But the initial edges are already included in the max_cut? 

No, the max_cut is the total number of edges in the complete bipartite graph between X and Y. 

The initial graph has M edges, which are a subset of these edges.

So, the number of moves is (|X| * |Y| - M).

But we can choose the assignment to maximize |X| * |Y|.

Therefore, the maximum number of moves is (max_{assignments} (|X| * |Y|) - M).

But the game is not about the total number of moves; it's about the moves available during the game. 

But the key is: the game is sequential, and the players can choose the assignment (flipping) during the game. 

But the total number of moves is fixed: it's the maximum cut minus the initial edges.

But the players can choose the assignment to achieve the maximum cut. 

So, the total number of moves is fixed.

Then, the winner is determined by the parity of (max_cut - M).

But wait, in sample 1:

Graph: 4 vertices, 3 edges (cycle of 4). 

The components: one component of 4 vertices.

The bipartition: a=2, b=2. 

The only assignment is a=2, b=2. 

max_cut = 4.

M=3.

Moves = 1.

Odd -> Aoki wins.

Sample 2:

Two components, each of 2 vertices.

Each component has a=1, b=1.

For each component, we can choose to put part0 in X or Y.

For component1: if we put part0 in X, then X+=1; if Y+=1.
For component2: similarly.

The possible assignments:

X can be: 0,1,2.

But the initial graph's edges are (1,2) and (3,4). 

In the initial bipartition, component1: 1 in part0, 2 in part1.
Component2: 3 in part0, 4 in part1.

But we can flip each component.

So, the possible (|X|,|Y|) are:

(2,2) -> cut=4
(2,2) -> same as above, because flipping both components doesn't change the sizes.
Actually, the sizes are:

Component1: a1=1, b1=1.
Component2: a2=1, b2=1.

Then, |X| = (choice for component1: 1 or 0) + (choice for component2: 1 or 0).

So, |X| can be 0,1,2.

Then, |Y| = 4 - |X|.

The product |X| * |Y| is:

0*4=0
1*3=3
2*2=4

So, the maximum cut is 4.

M=2.

Moves = 4 - 2 = 2.

Even -> Takahashi wins.

But wait, the sample input 2 has two edges initially, and the maximum cut is 4, so 2 moves. 

But is the maximum cut achievable during the game? 

Yes, because the players can choose the assignment (flipping) during the game. 

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, and the assignment must be consistent with the initial graph. 

But the initial graph's edges are between part0 and part1 in each component. 

When we flip a component, the initial edges are still between part0 and part1 (because flipping just swaps the labels). 

So, the initial edges are preserved.

Therefore, the total number of moves is always (max_cut - M).

But wait, the initial graph's edges are already included in the max_cut. 

Yes, because the max_cut is the complete bipartite graph between X and Y, and the initial graph's edges are a subset of these.

So, the number of moves is (max_cut - M).

Then, the winner is determined by the parity of (max_cut - M).

But is that always true? 

Let me test with another example.

Sample Input 3:

9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

Sample Output 3: Aoki

This graph has 9 vertices and 5 edges.

We need to find the connected components and their bipartitions.

But the graph might be disconnected.

First, build the graph and find connected components.

Edges:
2-9, 2-3, 4-6, 5-7, 1-8.

So, the components are:

Component1: vertices 1,8 -> a=1, b=1.
Component2: vertices 2,3,9 -> a=2, b=1 (because from 2: color0, then 3 and 9 color1).
Component3: vertices 4,6 -> a=1, b=1.
Component4: vertices 5,7 -> a=1, b=1.

Now, the maximum cut:

We have four components. 

The sizes are:

Component1: a=1, b=1.
Component2: a=2, b=1.
Component3: a=1, b=1.
Component4: a=1, b=1.

The total vertices: 9.

We need to assign each component's part0 to X or Y to maximize |X| * |Y|.

Let x_i be the number of vertices assigned to X from component i.

Then, |X| = x1 + x2 + x3 + x4.

x1 can be 0 or 1.
x2 can be 0,1, or 2 (but wait, component2 has a=2, b=1. So, if we assign part0 (which has 2 vertices) to X, then x2=2; if we assign part1 (1 vertex) to X, then x2=1.
Similarly for the others.

So, the possible values for x1, x3, x4 are 0 or 1.
For x2: 1 or 2.

We want to maximize (x1 + x2 + x3 + x4) * (9 - (x1 + x2 + x3 + x4)).

Let s = x1 + x2 + x3 + x4.

s can range from (0+1+0+0)=1 to (1+2+1+1)=5.

The maximum of s*(9-s) is achieved at s=4 or s=5.

s=4: 4*5=20.
s=5: 5*4=20.

So, the maximum cut is 20.

Initial edges M=5.

Moves = 20 - 5 = 15.

15 is odd -> Aoki wins.

This matches sample output 3.

Therefore, the solution is:

1. Find connected components and their bipartitions (a_i, b_i) for each component i.
2. The maximum cut is the maximum of (sum_i x_i) * (N - sum_i x_i) where x_i is either a_i or b_i (depending on the assignment of the component's part).
3. The total number of moves is (max_cut - M).
4. If the total number of moves is odd, print "Aoki"; else, print "Takahashi".

But wait, is the total number of moves always (max_cut - M)? 

Yes, because the initial graph's edges are already included in the max_cut (since the graph is bipartite, the initial edges are between the two parts). 

But note: the initial graph might not be the complete bipartite graph. 

But the max_cut is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts (X and Y) chosen to maximize the cut. 

And the initial edges are a subset of this complete bipartite graph. 

So, the number of moves is the number of edges in the complete bipartite graph minus the initial edges.

But is it possible that some edges in the complete bipartite graph are not allowed to be added because they would create an odd cycle? 

No, because the complete bipartite graph is bipartite, so adding any edge within it doesn't create an odd cycle. 

And the initial graph is a subset of this complete bipartite graph.

Therefore, the solution is to compute the maximum cut (which is the maximum of (sum_i x_i) * (N - sum_i x_i) for x_i in {a_i, b_i} for each component i) and then subtract M, and then check the parity.

But how to compute the maximum cut? 

We have a list of components, each with a_i and b_i (a_i + b_i = size_i).

Then, the sum s = sum_i x_i, and we want to maximize s*(N-s).

But note: the assignment for each component is independent. 

But the function s*(N-s) is concave and unimodal. The maximum is at s = floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2).

But we are constrained by the available x_i for each component.

But the total s is the sum of the chosen x_i.

We can use dynamic programming or greedy to choose the assignment for each component to get s as close as possible to N/2.

But N can be up to 200,000, and the number of components can be up to 200,000 (if the graph is empty).

But the components' sizes are the number of vertices in each component. 

But the a_i and b_i for each component are determined by the BFS/DFS.

But the total number of vertices is N.

We need to maximize s*(N-s) for s in [0, N].

The maximum is at s = floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2).

But we are constrained: for each component i, we can choose x_i to be either a_i or b_i.

So, we need to choose for each component i one of the two numbers, and the sum s should be as close as possible to N/2.

But the number of components can be large (up to 200,000) and the values a_i and b_i can be large.

But note: a_i + b_i = size_i, and a_i and b_i are the sizes of the two parts.

We can use a two-pointer or greedy approach? 

Alternatively, we can use a knapsack-like DP, but the range is 0 to N, and N is 200,000, so it's too heavy.

But note: the components are independent, and the choices for each component are only two values.

But the number of components can be up to 200,000, and the values a_i and b_i can be any integers.

But the sum s can be up to 200,000.

But the standard way to solve this is to use a meet-in-the-middle or FFT, but that is too heavy.

Alternatively, we can use a greedy approach: 

The function s*(N-s) is concave, so the maximum is at s = floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2). 

We need to find a subset of choices (for each component, choose a_i or b_i) such that the sum s is as close as possible to N/2.

But the problem is to maximize s*(N-s), which is equivalent to minimizing |s - N/2|.

But we are not asked to compute the maximum cut exactly, but the total number of moves (max_cut - M) and then its parity.

But note: the maximum cut might not be unique, but the value is the same for all s that are floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2) if they are the closest.

But actually, the maximum cut is the maximum over s of s*(N-s). 

And s*(N-s) is maximized at s = floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2).

But we need the maximum value of s*(N-s) for s being the sum of chosen x_i.

But we can use a dynamic programming with state s (the sum) and iterate over components. 

But s can be up to 200,000, and the number of components up to 200,000, so the DP would be O(N^2), which is too slow.

But note: the components' sizes are not large individually. 

Actually, the components are the connected components, and the sum of the sizes is N.

But the values a_i and b_i for each component are the sizes of the two parts.

And the total s is the sum of the chosen x_i.

But the maximum s is N, minimum 0.

We need to find the maximum of s*(N-s) for s in the set S of possible sums.

But the set S is the set of all subset sums where for each component i, we choose either a_i or b_i.

But the number of components can be large, but the values a_i and b_i are the sizes of the parts, and the total sum is N.

But the values a_i and b_i are positive integers that sum to the size of the component.

We can use a meet-in-the-middle approach, but that is exponential.

Alternatively, we can use a greedy or approximation, but we need the exact maximum.

But note: the function s*(N-s) is concave and symmetric. The maximum is at s = N/2.

So, we need to find a sum s close to N/2.

But the exact maximum might not be necessary if we only care about the parity of (max_cut - M). 

But wait, the parity of (max_cut - M) is what matters. 

But max_cut is an integer, and M is given. 

But the maximum cut is the maximum of s*(N-s) over s in S.

But s*(N-s) is an integer, and we need its value.

But the problem is that the maximum cut might be very large, and we need to compute it exactly.

But note: the maximum cut is at most floor(N^2/4).

And N is up to 200,000, so floor(N^2/4) is around 10^10, which is within Python's integer range.

But the challenge is to compute the maximum cut given the components' (a_i, b_i).

But the number of components can be up to 200,000, and the values a_i and b_i are the sizes of the parts.

But the set S is the set of all subset sums where for each component, we choose one of two numbers.

This is a classical subset-sum problem with two choices per item. 

We can use a meet-in-the-middle approach, but 200,000 components is too many for meet-in-the-middle.

But note: the components' sizes are small? 

Actually, the sum of the sizes is N=200,000, and there are up to 200,000 components (each of size 1). 

In the worst case, the graph has 200,000 isolated vertices. 

Then, for each component, a_i=1, b_i=0 or a_i=0, b_i=1. 

Then, the possible sums s are from 0 to 200,000.

And the maximum cut is s*(200000-s) for s in [0,200000]. 

The maximum is at s=100000, and the value is 100000*100000 = 10^10.

But how to compute the maximum cut for a large number of components?

Actually, the maximum cut is the maximum of s*(N-s) for s being the sum of the chosen x_i.

But note: the choices for each component are a_i or b_i, and a_i + b_i = size_i.

But the sum s is the sum of the chosen x_i.

But the maximum cut is independent of the initial graph's edges? 

No, the maximum cut is defined by the bipartition that maximizes the number of edges, but the initial graph's edges are fixed and are part of the complete bipartite graph.

But the complete bipartite graph is defined by the chosen bipartition (X and Y).

So, the maximum cut is the maximum over all bipartitions (consistent with the initial graph's edges) of |X| * |Y|.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so the bipartition must be such that for each initial edge, the two vertices are in different parts. 

But the initial graph is bipartite, so there exists a bipartition. 

And the maximum cut is the maximum of |X| * |Y| over all bipartitions (not necessarily consistent with the initial graph's edges) but that are consistent with the initial graph's edges? 

Actually, no. The bipartition must be consistent with the initial graph's edges. 

But the initial graph's edges only constrain the relative assignment within each connected component. 

For each component, the bipartition is fixed up to flipping. 

So, the global bipartition is defined by flipping some components. 

And the maximum cut is the maximum of (sum_i x_i) * (N - sum_i x_i) for x_i in {a_i, b_i} for each component i.

This is a classical problem: given a set of pairs (a_i, b_i) and a total N = sum_i (a_i+b_i), maximize s*(N-s) for s = sum_i x_i with x_i in {a_i, b_i}.

This can be solved by dynamic programming if the number of components is not too large.

But the number of components can be up to 200,000.

But the values a_i and b_i are the sizes of the parts in each component, and the sum of the sizes is N.

We can use a greedy approach: 

The function s*(N-s) is concave, so the maximum is at s = floor(N/2) or ceil(N/2). 

We need to find if there is a subset of components' choices that sums to a value close to N/2.

But the classical way is to use a branch and bound or meet-in-the-middle, but that is exponential.

But note: the components are independent, and the choices are only two per component.

This is a variation of the partition problem, which is NP-hard in general. 

But the total N is 200,000, and the number of components is up to 200,000.

But the values a_i and b_i are the sizes of the parts, and the sum of the sizes is N.

Actually, the total sum of a_i over all components is not fixed; only the sum of a_i + b_i = N.

But we are allowed to choose for each component either a_i or b_i.

The problem is to choose one number from each pair (a_i, b_i) such that the sum s is as close as possible to N/2.

This is a variant of the subset-sum problem and is NP-hard in general. 

But the constraints are up to 200,000 components.

However, there is a known result: 

The maximum cut for a graph is at most floor(N^2/4), and for a bipartite graph, the maximum cut is fixed by the components' sizes.

But the maximum cut is the maximum of s*(N-s) for s in S, where S is the set of all subset sums.

But the number of distinct subset sums can be large.

But we only need the maximum value of s*(N-s), not the exact s.

But to compute the maximum cut, we need the s that maximizes s*(N-s).

But we can use a two-pointer if the components are sorted by size. 

But the components are not sorted by size.

Alternatively, we can use a meet-in-the-middle by splitting the components into two halves and computing the possible sums for each half.

But 200,000 components is too many for meet-in-the-middle (2^(100,000) is too big).

But note: the total sum is N=200,000, and the components' sizes are the number of vertices in each component. 

Actually, the components' sizes are the sizes of the connected components, and the sum of the sizes is N.

But the values a_i and b_i are the sizes of the two parts in the component.

But the maximum cut is the maximum of s*(N-s) for s in S.

But s is the sum of the chosen x_i (which is either a_i or b_i).

But note: a_i + b_i = size_i, and the total sum of all a_i + b_i = N.

But the sum of the chosen x_i is s, and the sum of the not chosen is N - s.

But we are not required to find the exact s, but the maximum value of s*(N-s).

But the maximum value of s*(N-s) is floor(N^2/4), but we can only achieve s in the set S.

So, the maximum cut is the maximum of { s*(N-s) for s in S }.

But S is the set of all sums formed by choosing for each component i either a_i or b_i.

This is a classical problem and is NP-hard in general. 

However, the components are the connected components of a graph, and the graph is given with up to 200,000 vertices and 200,000 edges.

But the number of components can be up to 200,000 (if the graph is empty).

In the worst case, we have 200,000 components, each of size 1. 

Then, for each component, a_i=1, b_i=0 or a_i=0, b_i=1.

Then, the set S is the set of integers from 0 to 200,000.

Then, the maximum cut is s*(200000-s) for s in [0,200000], and the maximum is at s=100000, which is 100000*100000=10^10.

But how to compute it for the general case?

We need an efficient algorithm.

But note: the maximum cut is the maximum of s*(N-s) for s in S.

And S is the set of all subset sums for the components.

But the components are not small.

However, we can use the fact that the function s*(N-s) is concave and unimodal. 

We can use a two-pointer if the components were sorted by the difference |a_i - b_i| or something.

But there is a known algorithm for the maximum cut problem in graphs, but here the graph is given and is bipartite.

Actually, the maximum cut in a bipartite graph is not necessarily the complete bipartite graph between the two parts; but wait, no. 

In a bipartite graph, the maximum cut is achieved by assigning each vertex to one side or the other to maximize the cut. 

But in our case, the graph is not necessarily complete bipartite initially. 

But the moves are to add edges, and the maximum cut is the maximum number of edges in any bipartite graph on the same vertices that contains the initial graph.

But the initial graph is fixed, and the bipartition is fixed up to flipping components.

Actually, the maximum cut is the maximum of (sum_i x_i) * (N - sum_i x_i) for x_i in {a_i, b_i}.

This is a classical problem known as the "two-variable per equation" subset-sum, which is NP-hard.

But the constraints are high (N up to 200,000).

However, there is a known result: the maximum cut can be computed by a greedy algorithm or by a flow network, but here the graph is bipartite and the components are fixed.

But note: the graph is bipartite, and the components are the connected components. 

For each component, the maximum cut within the component is a_i * b_i (the complete bipartite graph). 

But the global maximum cut is not simply the sum of the maximum cuts within components, because the assignment must be consistent across components for the initial edges. 

But the initial edges are within components, and the components are disconnected, so the assignment for each component is independent.

Therefore, the global maximum cut is the product of the sizes of the two parts (X and Y) chosen to maximize the product.

And the product is (sum_i x_i) * (N - sum_i x_i).

And x_i is either a_i or b_i for each component i.

This is the same as: given a set of pairs (a_i, b_i) and a total N = sum_i (a_i+b_i), choose one number from each pair to maximize s*(N-s).

This is a classical problem, and it can be solved by dynamic programming if the number of components is small, but for 200,000 components, we need a better approach.

But note: the total sum N is fixed, and the function s*(N-s) is concave. 

We can use a greedy algorithm: 

Sort the components by the value of |a_i - b_i| or by the value of min(a_i, b_i). 

But there is a known algorithm: 

The maximum cut is floor(N^2/4). 

But is that true? 

No, only if the graph is complete bipartite. 

But in our case, the graph is not necessarily complete bipartite initially, but the maximum cut is the complete bipartite graph between the two parts chosen to maximize the product.

But the complete bipartite graph has |X| * |Y| edges.

And |X| + |Y| = N.

The maximum is floor(N^2/4).

But can we always achieve floor(N^2/4)? 

No, because the components' sizes constrain the possible |X|.

For example, if we have two components, each of size 1, then the maximum cut is 1 (if we put one vertex in X and one in Y) or 0 (if we put both in X). 

But floor(2^2/4)=1, so we can achieve it.

Another example: three components, each of size 1. 

Then, maximum cut is 3//2 * (3-3//2) = 1*2=2, and floor(3^2/4)=2. 

So, in these cases, we can achieve floor(N^2/4).

But is it always possible to achieve floor(N^2/4) if we can choose the assignment for each component arbitrarily? 

Yes, because the only constraint is the assignment for each component's vertices. 

And the complete bipartite graph has floor(N^2/4) edges.

But wait, the maximum cut is floor(N^2/4) only if the graph is complete. 

But in our case, the complete bipartite graph is not present initially, but we are allowed to add edges. 

But the maximum cut is floor(N^4/4) for the complete bipartite graph.

But floor(N^2/4) is the maximum number of edges in any bipartite graph on N vertices.

And we can always achieve that by assigning the vertices optimally.

But the assignment is constrained by the initial graph's bipartition. 

But the initial graph's bipartition is fixed for each component, but we can flip each component.

And flipping a component doesn't change the set of vertices in part0 and part1, only their labels.

Therefore, the only constraint is that the initial graph's edges are respected, but since the initial graph's edges are a subset of the complete bipartite graph between the two parts, and we can choose the two parts arbitrarily (by flipping), we can always achieve the complete bipartite graph between the two parts that maximize the product.

And the maximum product is floor(N^2/4).

But is that true? 

Yes, because the complete bipartite graph between the two parts that are as balanced as possible has floor(N^2/4) edges.

And we can always achieve that by flipping components appropriately.

Therefore, the maximum cut is floor(N^2/4).

Then, the total number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

Then, the winner is determined by the parity of (floor(N^2/4) - M).

But let's test with sample 1 and 2.

Sample 1: N=4, floor(4^2/4)=4.
M=3.
Moves=1 -> odd -> Aoki wins. Correct.

Sample 2: N=4, floor(16/4)=4.
M=2.
Moves=2 -> even -> Takahashi wins. Correct.

Sample 3: N=9, floor(81/4)=20.
M=5.
Moves=15 -> odd -> Aoki wins. Correct.

But wait, in sample 3, the maximum cut is 20, but is that achievable given the components' sizes?

In sample 3, the components are:

Component1: 1,8 -> a=1, b=1.
Component2: 2,3,9 -> a=2, b=1.
Component3: 4,6 -> a=1, b=1.
Component4: 5,7 -> a=1, b=1.

Total vertices=9.

To achieve |X|=4 or 5 (since floor(9^2/4)=20, which is 4*5).

We need to assign the components such that the sum of the chosen x_i is 4 or 5.

For component1: choose 1 or 1 -> doesn't matter.
Component2: choose 2 or 1.
Component3: choose 1 or 1.
Component4: choose 1 or 1.

Total: if we choose component2's 1, then the sum is 1+1+1+1=4.
If we choose component2's 2, then the sum is 2+1+1+1=5.

Both 4 and 5 are achievable.

And 4*5=20, 5*4=20.

So, yes.

Therefore, the maximum cut is floor(N^2/4).

But is this always true, even for any bipartite graph? 

Yes, because the graph is bipartite and we can flip components arbitrarily, so we can always achieve the maximum bipartite graph (complete bipartite) with floor(N^2/4) edges.

Therefore, the solution is:

1. Read N, M and the edges.
2. Build the graph and find connected components (with BFS/DFS). For each component, compute the bipartition (a_i, b_i) by BFS/DFS.
3. Compute max_cut = floor(N*N/4).
4. Moves = max_cut - M.
5. If Moves % 2 == 1, print "Aoki", else print "Takahashi".

But wait, what if the initial graph has more than floor(N^2/4) edges? 

But floor(N^2/4) is the maximum number of edges in any bipartite graph. 

And the initial graph is bipartite, so M <= floor(N^2/4).

So, Moves = floor(N^2/4) - M >= 0.

But is floor(N^2/4) always achievable? 

Yes, because the graph is bipartite and we can choose the assignment (flipping) to achieve any bipartition.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, and they are a subset of the complete bipartite graph. 

But the complete bipartite graph is not necessarily the one with floor(N^2/4) edges; actually, floor(N^2/4) is the maximum number of edges in any bipartite graph, so the complete bipartite graph with parts as balanced as possible has that many edges.

And since the initial graph is a subset, we can always add the remaining edges.

Therefore, the solution is as above.

But let me test with a small example.

Example: N=3, M=0. 

The graph has 3 vertices and no edges. 

The maximum cut is floor(9/4)=2.

Moves=2.

Even -> Takahashi wins.

But let's see: 

The graph is empty and has 3 vertices. 

The bipartition: we can choose parts of size 1 and 2.

The complete bipartite graph has 1*2=2 edges.

So, two moves.

Aoki adds one edge, Takahashi adds the other. Takahashi wins.

Correct.

Another example: N=2, M=0.

Maximum cut=1.

Moves=1 -> Aoki wins.

Correct.

Another example: N=1, M=0.

Maximum cut=0.

Moves=0 -> Takahashi wins.

Correct.

So, the solution is:

import sys
import math

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    n = int(data[0])
    m = int(data[1])
    edges = []
    index = 2
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for i in range(m):
        u = int(data[index]); v = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
    
    visited = [False] * (n+1)
    components = []  # list of (a, b) for each component

    from collections import deque
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        if not visited[i]:
            # BFS for the component
            q = deque([i])
            visited[i] = True
            comp = []
            while q:
                node = q.popleft()
                comp.append(node)
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if not visited[neighbor]:
                        visited[neighbor] = True
                        q.append(neighbor)
            # Now, bipartition the component
            # We'll use BFS to color the component
            color = [-1] * (n+1)
            color[i] = 0
            q = deque([i])
            a = 0  # count of part0
            b = 0  # count of part1
            while q:
                node = q.popleft()
                if color[node] == 0:
                    a += 1
                else:
                    b += 1
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if color[neighbor] == -1:
                        color[neighbor] = 1 - color[node]
                        q.append(neighbor)
            components.append((a, b))
    
    # The maximum cut is floor(n*n/4)
    max_cut = (n*n) // 4
    moves = max_cut - m
    if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
    else:
        print("Takahashi")

But wait, in the BFS for bipartition, we might not have all vertices in the component if the graph is not connected. 

But we are iterating over all vertices, so it's fine.

But the above code for BFS in bipartition uses the graph's edges. 

But the graph might have multiple components, and we are processing each component separately.

But the initial graph might not be connected, so we use the visited array.

But the above code should work.

But let me test with sample 1 and 2.

Sample 1: N=4, M=3, edges: [ (1,2), (2,3), (3,4) ]

The component is one with vertices 1,2,3,4.

BFS starting at 1:

color[1]=0, then 2:1, 3:0, 4:1.

a=2, b=2.

max_cut= (4*4)//4=4.

moves=4-3=1 -> Aoki.

Sample 2: N=4, M=2, edges: (1,2) and (3,4)

Two components.

Component1: vertices 1,2 -> a=1, b=1.
Component2: vertices 3,4 -> a=1, b=1.

max_cut= (4*4)//4=4.

moves=4-2=2 -> Takahashi.

Sample 3: N=9, M=5, edges: [ (2,9), (2,3), (4,6), (5,7), (1,8) ]

We need to extract the components.

But the graph has vertices 1 to 9.

The edges are:

2-9, 2-3, 4-6, 5-7, 1-8.

So, the components are:

Component1: [1,8] -> a=1, b=1.
Component2: [2,3,9] -> a=2, b=1 (because BFS: start at 2:0, then 3:1, 9:1 -> but wait, from 2:0, then 3:1, 9:1. But then, 3 and 9 are not connected? 

Wait, the edge is (2,9) and (2,3). 

So, from 2, we go to 3 and 9. 

In BFS:

Start at 2: color 0.
Then, 3 and 9: color 1.

So, a=1 (only vertex 2), b=2 (vertices 3 and 9).

But wait, the component has 3 vertices: 2,3,9.

So, a=1, b=2.

Then, components:

1. [1,8]: a=1, b=1.
2. [2,3,9]: a=1, b=2.
3. [4,6]: a=1, b=1.
4. [5,7]: a=1, b=1.

Then, max_cut = floor(9*9/4)=20.

Moves=20-5=15 -> odd -> Aoki.

But in the sample output, it's Aoki.

But wait, in the sample input 3, the edges are:

9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

So, the components are:

Component1: vertices 1,8 -> a=1, b=1.
Component2: vertices 2,3,9 -> a=1, b=2.
Component3: vertices 4,6 -> a=1, b=1.
Component4: vertices 5,7 -> a=1, b=1.

But wait, the component2 has 3 vertices. 

In the BFS for component2:

Start at 2: color0.
Then, 3 and 9: color1.

So, a=1 (vertex2), b=2 (vertices3,9).

Yes.

Then, the maximum cut is floor(9^2/4)=20.

But can we achieve 20? 

We need |X| * |Y| =20.

|X| + |Y|=9.

The solutions are |X|=4,|Y|=5 or |X|=5,|Y|=4.

Now, the total vertices is 9.

We need to assign each component's part0 and part1 to X or Y.

For component1: a=1, b=1 -> can contribute 1 or 1.
For component2: a=1, b=2 -> can contribute 1 or 2.
For component3: a=1, b=1 -> 1 or 1.
For component4: a=1, b=1 -> 1 or 1.

Total sum s = sum of chosen values.

We need s=4 or 5.

Let's try s=4:

component1: 1
component2: 1 (not 2)
component3: 1
component4: 1
Total=1+1+1+1=4.

Yes.

s=5: 1+2+1+1=5.

So, both are achievable.

Therefore, the maximum cut is 20.

But in the initial graph, the edges are:

(2,9), (2,3), (4,6), (5,7), (1,8).

These edges are:

In component1: (1,8) -> between part0 and part1 -> allowed.
In component2: (2,3) and (2,9) -> both between part0 and part1 -> allowed.
In component3: (4,6) -> allowed.
In component4: (5,7) -> allowed.

So, the initial edges are all between the two parts.

Then, the total moves are 20 - 5 = 15.

Odd -> Aoki.

So, the code is correct.

But the above code for BFS in bipartition is not correct for the component2 in sample3.

In the code, for component2, we start at 2 (which is vertex2). 

But the graph might not be connected in the input order. 

But we are iterating from 1 to n, and if not visited, we do BFS.

In sample3, the vertices are 1 to 9.

We'll start at 1: not visited -> BFS: vertices 1 and 8. Then, 2 is not visited yet, then we'll start BFS at 2.

But in the code, after processing component1, we mark vertices 1 and 8 as visited.

Then, for vertex2: not visited, so BFS from 2: vertices 2,3,9.

Then, for vertex4: not visited, BFS: 4,6.

Then, vertex5: not visited, BFS:5,7.

Vertex6,7,8,9 are already visited.

So, the code is correct.

But the BFS for bipartition: 

We use a separate color array for each component? 

Actually, the code uses a global color array. 

But the components are disjoint, so it's fine.

But we should use a local color array for each component.

But the vertices are numbered 1 to n, and we are using a global visited array. 

But the color array is also global. 

But the BFS for bipartition should be done within the component. 

But the global color array is not reset. 

But since the components are disjoint, the vertices in different components are not adjacent, so the color assignment for one component does not affect the other.

But the color array is used to determine the bipartition. 

But if we use a global color array, then after processing one component, the color array is modified for that component. 

But then, if we use the same color array for the next component, it might have values from the previous component.

But we should not use the same color array for the next component.

Actually, we should use a separate color array for each component or reset it.

But the vertices are not connected between components, so the color array can be reused.

But to be safe, we can use a new color array for each component.

But the code uses a global color array and marks visited. 

But the bipartition for each component is independent.

But the global color array is not needed to be preserved between components.

But in the BFS for bipartition, we use the graph's edges. 

But the graph's edges are only within components.

So, the BFS will only visit vertices in the component.

But the color array is used to determine the bipartition. 

But the vertices in different components are not adjacent, so the color assignment in one component doesn't affect the other.

But the code uses a global color array. 

Actually, the code uses a global color array and does not reset it. 

But the BFS for bipartition starts from a vertex and colors its neighbors. 

But the color array might have values from previous components.

But the vertices in different components are not adjacent, so the BFS will not visit vertices from other components. 

But the color array is global, so if a vertex is already colored, the BFS will not color it again.

But in a BFS for bipartition, we only care about the current component's vertices.

But the condition for the bipartition is only for the current component.

But the initial graph is fixed, so the bipartition is fixed.

But the code is correct because the BFS only visits vertices in the current component, and the color array is used to avoid revisiting.

But the color array is not reset between components. 

This is fine because the vertices are not revisited.

But let me test with two components.

First component: vertices 1,2,3.

Second component: vertices 4,5,6.

After first component, vertices 1,2,3 are colored.

Then, for the second component, we start at 4, and the color[4] is -1, so it's not colored. 

Then, we color 4, then 5 and 6.

So, it's fine.

Therefore, the code is correct.

But there is a potential issue: the graph might have multiple edges or self-loops? 

But the input says simple graph.

So, the code is:

import sys
import math

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    n = int(data[0])
    m = int(data[1])
    edges = []
    index = 2
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for i in range(m):
        u = int(data[index]); v = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
    
    visited = [False] * (n+1)
    components = []  # list of (a, b) for each component

    from collections import deque
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        if not visited[i]:
            # BFS for the component
            q = deque([i])
            visited[i] = True
            comp = []
            while q:
                node = q.popleft()
                comp.append(node)
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if not visited[neighbor]:
                        visited[neighbor] = True
                        q.append(neighbor)
            # Now, bipartition the component
            # We'll use BFS to color the component
            color = [-1] * (n+1)
            color[i] = 0
            q = deque([i])
            a = 0  # count of part0
            b = 0  # count of part1
            while q:
                node = q.popleft()
                if color[node] == 0:
                    a += 1
                else:
                    b += 1
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if color[neighbor] == -1:
                        color[neighbor] = 1 - color[node]
                        q.append(neighbor)
            components.append((a, b))
    
    # The maximum cut is floor(n*n/4)
    max_cut = (n*n) // 4
    moves = max_cut - m
    if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
    else:
        print("Takahashi")

But wait, the BFS for bipartition uses a new color array for each component. 

But the comp list is not used in the bipartition BFS. 

But it's not needed.

We can simplify.

But the code is correct.

Let me run it with the provided samples.

Sample Input 1: 
4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

Sample Output 1: Aoki

Sample Input 2:
4 2
1 2
3 4

Sample Output 2: Takahashi

Sample Input 3:
9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

Sample Output 3: Aoki

All correct.

But note: the maximum cut is floor(n*n/4). 

But n*n//4 in Python for even n is n*n//4, for odd n is (n*n)//4 (which is floor division).

But floor(n*n/4) is correct.

But let me test with n=5.

floor(25/4)=6.

Yes.

So, the code should be efficient for n up to 200,000.

The BFS/DFS is O(n+m), which is acceptable.

So, we can submit.

But wait, the problem says the graph initially does not contain an odd cycle, so it's bipartite. 

Our BFS for bipartition will work.

But what if the component is not connected? 

No, a connected component is connected. 

So, the code is correct.

Let me submit.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine the winner of a game played on a bipartite graph where two players alternately add edges without creating any odd cycles. The game ends when no more edges can be added, and the player who cannot move loses. The solution involves analyzing the graph's structure and calculating the maximum number of edges that can be added, then determining the winner based on the parity of this number.

### Approach
1. **Graph Analysis**: The given graph is bipartite, meaning it can be divided into two parts such that no edges exist within each part. This property is crucial for determining valid moves.
2. **Connected Components**: Identify all connected components in the graph. For each component, determine the sizes of the two parts (a and b) using BFS.
3. **Maximum Cut Calculation**: The maximum number of edges that can be added without forming an odd cycle is given by the floor of \(N^2/4\), where \(N\) is the number of vertices. This represents the maximum bipartite graph edges possible.
4. **Game Outcome**: The total moves available are the difference between the maximum cut and the initial number of edges. If this number is odd, the first player (Aoki) wins; otherwise, the second player (Takahashi) wins.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    n = int(data[0])
    m = int(data[1])
    edges = []
    index = 2
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for i in range(m):
        u = int(data[index])
        v = int(data[index+1])
        index += 2
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
    
    visited = [False] * (n+1)
    components = []

    for i in range(1, n+1):
        if not visited[i]:
            q = deque([i])
            visited[i] = True
            comp_nodes = []
            while q:
                node = q.popleft()
                comp_nodes.append(node)
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if not visited[neighbor]:
                        visited[neighbor] = True
                        q.append(neighbor)
            color = [-1] * (n+1)
            color[i] = 0
            q_bfs = deque([i])
            a = 0
            b = 0
            while q_bfs:
                node = q_bfs.popleft()
                if color[node] == 0:
                    a += 1
                else:
                    b += 1
                for neighbor in graph[node]:
                    if color[neighbor] == -1:
                        color[neighbor] = 1 - color[node]
                        q_bfs.append(neighbor)
            components.append((a, b))
    
    max_cut = (n * n) // 4
    moves = max_cut - m
    if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
    else:
        print("Takahashi")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Input Handling**: The input is read and parsed into the number of vertices \(N\) and edges \(M\), followed by the edges themselves.
2. **Graph Construction**: The graph is represented using an adjacency list.
3. **Component Identification**: Using BFS, the code identifies all connected components in the graph. For each component, it performs another BFS to determine the bipartition (two parts, say a and b).
4. **Maximum Cut Calculation**: The maximum number of edges that can be added without forming an odd cycle is calculated as \((N \times N) // 4\).
5. **Game Outcome Determination**: The difference between the maximum cut and the initial number of edges gives the total moves available. If this number is odd, Aoki wins; otherwise, Takahashi wins.

This approach efficiently leverages graph theory properties and BFS to determine the game's outcome by focusing on the graph's bipartite nature and maximum edge additions.