=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given integers N, M and three integer sequences of length M: X = (X_1, X_2, \ldots, X_M), Y = (Y_1, Y_2, \ldots, Y_M), and Z = (Z_1, Z_2, \ldots, Z_M). It is guaranteed that all elements of X and Y are between 1 and N, inclusive.
We call a length-N sequence of non-negative integers A = (A_1, A_2, \ldots, A_N) a good sequence if and only if it satisfies the following condition:

- For every integer i with 1 \le i \le M, the XOR of A_{X_i} and A_{Y_i} is Z_i.

Determine whether a good sequence A=(A_1,A_2,\ldots,A_N) exists, and if it exists, find one good sequence that minimizes the sum of its elements \displaystyle \sum_{i=1}^N A_i.

Notes on XOR

For non-negative integers A and B, their XOR A \oplus B is defined as follows:


- In the binary representation of A \oplus B, the digit in the place corresponding to 2^k \,(k \ge 0) is 1 if and only if exactly one of the digits in the same place of A and B is 1; otherwise, it is 0.


For example, 3 \oplus 5 = 6 (in binary: 011 \oplus 101 = 110).

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
X_1 Y_1 Z_1
X_2 Y_2 Z_2
\vdots
X_M Y_M Z_M

Output

If no good sequence exists, print -1.
If a good sequence exists, print one good sequence that minimizes the sum of its elements, separated by spaces.
If there are multiple good sequences with the same minimum sum, printing any of them is accepted.

Constraints


- 1 \le N \le 2\times 10^5
- 0 \le M \le 10^5
- 1 \le X_i, Y_i \le N
- 0 \le Z_i \le 10^9
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3 2
1 3 4
1 2 3

Sample Output 1

0 3 4

A=(0,3,4) is a good sequence because A_1 \oplus A_2 = 3 and A_1 \oplus A_3 = 4.
Other good sequences include A=(1,2,5) and A=(7,4,3), but A=(0,3,4) has the smallest sum among all good sequences.

Sample Input 2

3 3
1 3 4
1 2 3
2 3 5

Sample Output 2

-1

No good sequence exists, so print -1.

Sample Input 3

5 8
4 2 4
2 3 11
3 4 15
4 5 6
3 2 11
3 3 0
3 1 9
3 4 15

Sample Output 3

0 2 9 6 0

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have to solve this problem where I need to find a sequence A of length N (all non-negative integers) such that for given M conditions, the XOR of A[X_i] and A[Y_i] equals Z_i. If multiple sequences exist, I need the one with the minimal sum. If no sequence exists, output -1.

First, I'll try to understand the problem with the sample input. 

Sample Input 1:
3 2
1 3 4
1 2 3

Output: 0 3 4

So, we have N=3, M=2. Conditions: A1 xor A3 = 4, and A1 xor A2 = 3. The solution is A = [0,3,4]. Let me verify: 0 xor 4 is 4, and 0 xor 3 is 3. Correct.

Another sample: Input 2 gives -1, meaning no solution. And sample 3 has a solution with a specific sequence.

Constraints: N up to 200,000, M up to 100,000. So, I need an efficient solution.

Let me think about how to approach this.

Each condition is: A[x] xor A[y] = z. This can be rewritten as A[x] = A[y] xor z.

This is a system of linear equations in GF(2), but the variables are integers and the operations are bitwise. However, the equations are not linear in the usual sense because XOR is a bitwise operation.

But note: we can consider each bit independently. However, the problem is that the variables are integers and the equations involve multiple bits.

Alternatively, we can model the problem as a graph. Each index (from 1 to N) is a node. Each condition (x, y, z) creates an edge between x and y with weight z.

Then, the condition is that for each edge, the XOR from node x to node y is z. But note that if we fix one node's value, we can determine others via the edges.

But the graph might not be connected. So, we have multiple connected components. In each connected component, we can fix one node's value arbitrarily and then determine the rest. However, the problem is that the equations must be consistent.

Wait, actually, the equations are not independent. For example, if we have two paths from node x to node y, then the XOR along the two paths must be equal (because the condition must hold). 

But how to check consistency?

Actually, if we have a cycle, then the XOR of the edge weights around the cycle must satisfy a condition. For example, consider three nodes: 1-2-3-1. Conditions: 
A1 xor A2 = z12, A2 xor A3 = z23, A3 xor A1 = z31.

Then, from the first two, A1 xor A2 xor A2 xor A3 = z12 xor z23, so A1 xor A3 = z12 xor z23. But the third condition says A1 xor A3 = z31. So we must have z12 xor z23 = z31.

So, for every cycle, the XOR of the edge weights (with appropriate signs? Actually, when traversing a cycle, each edge is traversed in a direction. We can consider the cycle as a set of edges, and the condition is that the XOR of the edge weights (each taken with a sign? Actually, in the equation above, we didn't use a sign: we just did A1 xor A2 xor A2 xor A3 = z12 xor z23, but note that A2 cancels because A2 xor A2=0.

But actually, the direction matters. If we have an edge from u to v with weight w, then we have A_u xor A_v = w. Then, if we traverse the edge from v to u, we have A_v xor A_u = w, which is the same as A_u xor A_v = w, so it's symmetric. So the graph is undirected.

But then, for a cycle, the condition is that the XOR of the edge weights (each edge considered with the direction that the cycle traverses) must be 0? Actually, no. In the example above, we have:

From node1 to node2: A1 xor A2 = z12.
From node2 to node3: A2 xor A3 = z23.
From node3 to node1: A3 xor A1 = z31.

Then, if we combine the first two: A1 xor A2 xor A2 xor A3 = z12 xor z23 => A1 xor A3 = z12 xor z23. But the third equation says A1 xor A3 = z31. So we need z12 xor z23 = z31.

But wait, in the cycle, we have three edges. The equation for the cycle is: the XOR of the edge weights (each taken as the weight from the current node to the next) must be 0. Actually, if we write the cycle as 1->2->3->1, then the equation is (A1 xor A2) xor (A2 xor A3) xor (A3 xor A1) = 0. But (A1 xor A2 xor A2 xor A3 xor A3 xor A1) = 0, which is always true. 

Wait, that doesn't help. The condition we derived from the two equations and the cycle edge is that z12 xor z23 must equal z31. So the condition is that the XOR of the edge weights (in the direction of the cycle) must be 0? Actually, no: the equation we have is that the XOR of the edge weights (the given z's) must satisfy that the XOR of the edges in one direction (say, from node1 to node2, node2 to node3, and node3 to node1) is 0? 

Wait, let's recast: 

We have three equations:

1. A1 xor A2 = z12
2. A2 xor A3 = z23
3. A3 xor A1 = z31

We can combine 1 and 2: A1 = z12 xor A2, A3 = z23 xor A2. Then equation 3: (z12 xor A2) xor (z23 xor A2) = z31. But A2 xor A2 is 0, so we have z12 xor z23 = z31.

So the condition is that the XOR of the two edges (z12 and z23) must equal the third edge (z31). 

In general, for a cycle, if we traverse the cycle and for each edge, we take the edge's given z value, then the XOR of all the edge values (in the direction of the cycle) must be 0? 

Wait, in our example, we have edges: (1,2): z12, (2,3): z23, (3,1): z31. The cycle condition is that z12 xor z23 xor z31 = 0? Because from 1 to 2 to 3 to 1, the edges are (1,2), (2,3), (3,1). So the condition is z12 xor z23 xor z31 = 0.

But in our example, we have z12 xor z23 = z31, so z12 xor z23 xor z31 = 0. 

Yes, so the condition is that the XOR of all edge weights in the cycle must be 0.

So, to check consistency, for each cycle, the XOR of the edge weights must be 0.

But how do we compute that? We can use a DFS or BFS to traverse the graph and for each edge, we can compute the "potential" of each node. 

We can assign a value to one node (say 0), then for each edge (u, v, z), we have A_u xor A_v = z. So if we know A_u, then A_v = A_u xor z. 

Then, when we meet a node for the second time, we can check if the value we assign to it is consistent.

But the graph can have up to 200,000 nodes and 100,000 edges, so we need to do this efficiently.

Steps:

1. Build an undirected graph with M edges. Each edge (x, y, z) is stored as (y, z) for x and (x, z) for y. Actually, we can store the graph as an adjacency list: for node u, store (v, z) meaning u-v has weight z.

2. We'll traverse each connected component. We can use BFS or DFS.

3. For each component, choose a starting node and set its value to 0 (or any value, but 0 is a good choice to minimize the sum? Actually, we are trying to minimize the sum of the entire sequence. But note: the entire sequence's sum is minimized when we assign the smallest possible numbers. However, the equations might force some numbers to be large.

But note: the problem does not require to use the minimal value for each node independently. The minimal sum overall is the goal.

But if we fix one node to 0, then we can compute the rest. But is that the minimal sum? 

Wait, actually, the equations are linear in GF(2) but the variables are integers. However, the minimal solution in terms of sum might not be achieved by setting one node to 0. 

But note: the problem is that we are free to choose the starting value. However, the equations are affine: A_u = A_start xor (path from start to u). 

But then, if we set the start to 0, we get one solution. But if we set the start to some other value, say k, then the entire sequence is shifted by k in a bitwise manner? Actually, no. Because the equations are: A_u xor A_v = z. If we set A_start = k, then for an edge (start, v, z), we have k xor A_v = z => A_v = k xor z. Similarly, for the next node, etc.

But note: the entire sequence is determined by the starting node's value. However, we want the minimal sum. 

But the problem: the equations are independent for each bit? Actually, no, because the same variable's bits are constrained by all equations that involve that variable.

Wait, but we can consider the problem in terms of linear algebra over GF(2). Each equation is a linear equation in the bits. But the variables are integers and each integer is represented in binary. 

But the problem is that the same variable appears in multiple equations, and we have to satisfy all equations simultaneously.

But note: the problem is equivalent to building a graph and then solving the system of equations. 

However, the minimal sum solution is tricky. 

Alternative approach:

We can think of the problem as having two parts:

1. Check consistency of the conditions (like the cycle conditions).
2. Then, assign values to nodes such that the sum is minimized.

But note: the minimal sum solution is not necessarily the one where we set one node to 0. Because if we set a node to 0, then the other nodes are forced by the equations. But maybe setting a different node to a non-zero value can lead to a smaller overall sum? 

Wait, actually, the equations are affine. The solution set is an affine space. We can fix one node arbitrarily and then the rest is determined. But we have freedom to choose the starting node's value. However, the problem does not specify which node to fix. 

But note: the conditions are:

For each edge (u, v, z): A_u xor A_v = z.

This is a linear equation system in GF(2) for each bit. However, the system is not independent per bit because the same variable appears in multiple bits.

But we can break the problem into bits. Since Z_i can be up to 10^9 (about 30 bits), we can consider each bit from 0 to 30.

But then, we have 30 systems, each being a system of linear equations (over GF(2)) for a single bit. 

But the equations are: for each condition (x, y, z), for each bit j, if the j-th bit of z is 1, then the j-th bit of A_x and A_y must be different. Otherwise, they must be the same.

But then, the entire sequence A is determined bit by bit. 

However, the minimal sum solution would require that for each bit, we choose the values for each node (0 or 1) such that the conditions are satisfied and the overall sum (which is the sum of the integers) is minimized.

But note: the integer A_i is the sum over bits of (bit value) * (2^j). So the minimal integer for a node is achieved by having as many low bits as possible set to 0.

But the problem is that the conditions are coupled: the j-th bit condition must hold for all j.

But this approach might be too heavy because we have 30 bits and each bit has M equations, and N nodes, so 30 * (M + N) operations, which is acceptable for M, N up to 200,000 and 30 bits.

But wait, the problem is that the conditions for different bits are independent? Actually, no: because the same node's value in different bits are independent. But the condition for a given edge (x, y, z) must hold for each bit: for the j-th bit, if the j-th bit of z is 1, then the j-th bits of A_x and A_y must be different. 

So, for each bit j, we can build a graph (same structure as the original, but only the edges that have z with the j-th bit set will contribute a constraint, and edges with 0 in the j-th bit do not constrain that bit). 

But actually, for each bit j, we can form a graph where an edge exists (x, y) if the j-th bit of z is set. Then, for each connected component in this graph, the condition is that the j-th bit of A_x and A_y must be different. This is a 2-coloring problem for the graph. 

But wait, actually, for the j-th bit, we have a constraint for each edge: the two nodes must have different bit values if the edge exists (because the j-th bit of z is 1) and the same bit value if the edge does not exist? 

Wait, no: the condition is that the j-th bit of (A_x xor A_y) must equal the j-th bit of z. 

So, if the j-th bit of z is 1, then A_x[j] != A_y[j]. If the j-th bit of z is 0, then A_x[j] == A_y[j].

But note: the j-th bit of z is independent of the other bits. 

So, for each bit j, we can build a graph with N nodes and edges only for the conditions that have the j-th bit set in z. Then, we need to assign 0/1 to each node such that for each edge, the two endpoints are different (if the j-th bit is set) or the same (if not set). 

But wait, actually, the condition for a given edge (x, y, z) must hold for all bits simultaneously. But we are breaking it by bit. 

But the assignment for the j-th bit is independent of the other bits. So we can solve for each bit independently.

Then, for each node, the value is the sum over bits j of (assigned_bit[j]) * (2^j).

But then, the entire sequence A is determined by assigning, for each node, a binary number (with bits 0 to 30) such that for each condition (x, y, z) and for each bit j, the j-th bit of A_x and A_y satisfies the condition (different if z's j-th bit is 1, same otherwise).

But note: the conditions for different bits are independent. 

So, the problem reduces to: for each bit j (0 to 30), build a graph with N nodes. For each condition (x, y, z) (from the input), if the j-th bit of z is 1, then add an edge between x and y (with the constraint that the two nodes must have different bits). If the j-th bit is 0, then no edge (meaning the two nodes must have the same bit) or we can think of it as the same as having an edge in the graph for the opposite constraint? Actually, no.

But wait, having the same bit is the absence of an edge? Actually, no. We can model the same bit constraint as an edge in a different graph? 

Alternatively, we can think: 

For each bit j, we have a graph where edges represent "must be different". Then, we can use a two-coloring for the graph. But if there is an edge (x, y) with condition (must be different) and also (x, y) must be the same (from another condition? No, because the condition for the j-th bit is determined solely by the j-th bit of z. 

Actually, no: each condition (edge) in the original graph, for the j-th bit, we only care about the j-th bit of z. 

But then, for the j-th bit, we have a set of constraints: for each condition (x, y, z), if the j-th bit of z is 1, then A_x[j] != A_y[j]. If the j-th bit is 0, then A_x[j] == A_y[j]. 

But note: the same condition (x, y, z) applies to all bits. But for each bit, we are given a separate constraint. 

So, for each bit j, we can build a graph (actually, a graph for the j-th bit) with:

- Nodes: 1 to N.
- Edges: for each condition (x, y, z) such that the j-th bit of z is 1, add an undirected edge between x and y with the constraint that the two endpoints must have different bits. 
- For conditions with j-th bit 0, we don't add an edge? But wait, the condition is that they must be the same. 

But how do we enforce that? 

Actually, the condition for the same bit (0 in z) can be handled by not having an edge (so no constraint from that condition for the j-th bit) but then we have to consider that the same node might be constrained by multiple conditions. 

Wait, no: for the j-th bit, we have to satisfy all conditions that have the j-th bit set. The conditions that have the j-th bit 0 are automatically satisfied if the two bits are the same, and if we are free to set the bits arbitrarily (as long as the conditions with the j-th bit set are satisfied), then the conditions with 0 can be ignored? 

Actually, no: because the condition with 0 is a constraint that the two bits must be the same. But if we only consider the edges (with 1s) and two-color the graph, then we are only ensuring that for edges (with 1s) the bits are different. But for edges with 0s, we require the same. 

But we can also model the 0s as edges that require the same? 

Actually, we can use a graph for each bit j that has two types of edges: 
- Type 1 (1 in z): must be different -> add an edge (normal).
- Type 2 (0 in z): must be the same -> add an edge with the same constraint? 

But then, how do we enforce same? 

We can use a union-find for the same constraints? Or we can use a graph and then for same constraints, we can merge the nodes? 

Alternatively, we can use a graph with two kinds of edges: 
- For a constraint (x, y) of type 1 (must be different): add an edge (x, y) in the graph for this bit.
- For type 0 (must be same): add an edge (x, y) but with the constraint that they must be the same, which is equivalent to having a path of edges of type 1 that would force them to be different if we traverse the path? 

Wait, no. The same constraint is that the two nodes must have the same bit. Then, we can build a graph where same constraints are edges of type "same", and different constraints are edges of type "different". Then, we can use a union-find to merge same-connected components and then within each same component, the nodes must have the same bit. Then, we can use the different edges to enforce that adjacent (in the different graph) nodes have different bits.

But wait, we can also think: 

For the j-th bit, we have two graphs:

1. The "same" graph: nodes connected by edges (from conditions with 0 in z) must have the same bit. So we can use union-find to group these nodes.

2. Then, in the "different" graph (from conditions with 1 in z), we must have that nodes in the same same-component cannot have a different edge between them (unless the same-component is broken by the different edge? Actually, no: the different edge condition must be satisfied. 

But the different edge condition must be satisfied even if the two nodes are in the same same-component? 

Actually, no. The same-component means they must be the same. Then, if we have a different edge between two nodes in the same same-component, then we have a contradiction: because they are same, then the different edge condition (must be different) cannot be satisfied.

So, for each bit j, we must check:

- First, for every condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set, if x and y are in the same same-component (from the same graph), then it's impossible.

But wait, we can build the same graph (for same-component) from conditions with 0 in z. Then, for conditions with 1 in z, we must have that x and y are in different same-components (because if they are same, then they must be same, which contradicts the different condition). 

But note: the same graph is built from conditions with 0 in z. But also, if two nodes are never connected by a same condition, then they are in different same-components.

But then, the conditions with 1 in z must be between two different same-components.

Moreover, within a same-component, all nodes must have the same bit. Then, for the different edges, they must connect two different same-components.

But then, the entire graph (for the j-th bit) is the same graph (same-components) and the different edges must be between different same-components.

But then, the problem for the j-th bit is:

1. Build a graph from conditions with 0 in z (same constraints) and form same-components (using union-find or DFS).
2. Then, for conditions with 1 in z, check that the two nodes are in different same-components. If not, then the bit j is impossible, so the entire problem is impossible.

But then, if the conditions with 1 in z are satisfied, then we can assign bits to the same-components arbitrarily (each same-component is assigned a bit, either 0 or 1). Then, the different edges (from conditions with 1) are between two same-components and will be satisfied because the two components have different bits.

But wait, if two same-components are connected by a different edge, then they must have different bits. But we can assign bits arbitrarily to the same-components as long as if two same-components are connected by a different edge, they must have different bits. 

This is a 2-coloring problem on the graph of same-components (each same-component is a node) and the edges (from conditions with 1 in z) between same-components are the constraints (must be different). 

But note: the same graph (from 0s) already groups nodes. Then, the different edges (from 1s) are edges between same-components. 

Then, we can build a graph G_j' (for the j-th bit) where the nodes are the same-components (each same-component is a node in G_j') and the edges are the conditions (from the original graph) with 1 in z that connect two different same-components (so each edge is between two same-components). 

Then, we must 2-color G_j'. 

But note: the same graph (from 0s) might not have connected all nodes. Then, the graph G_j' is built only from the edges (from 1s) that connect two different same-components. 

But also, we must consider that the same-component might not be connected by the same edges (from 0s) to all nodes. 

Actually, the steps for each bit j:

1. Initialize a union-find (or DFS) structure for the same graph (for conditions with 0 in z for this bit).
2. Process all conditions (x, y, z) such that the j-th bit of z is 0. For each such condition, union x and y. (This builds same-components for the same graph)
3. Then, for conditions with the j-th bit set (to 1), check that x and y are not in the same same-component (otherwise, return impossible for the entire problem). 
4. Then, build a graph where the nodes are the same-components (each node is represented by its root) and the edges are the conditions (from the original) with the j-th bit set (and the two nodes are in different same-components). 
5. Then, check if this graph is bipartite. If not, then no solution.

But wait, step 3: if a condition with 1 in z has x and y in the same same-component, then we have a contradiction. So we must check that for every condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set, x and y are not in the same same-component (from the same graph built from 0s). 

But note: the same graph is built from conditions with 0 in z. There might be conditions with 1 in z that also connect two nodes that are in the same same-component (if the same-component was built from other same conditions, and then a different condition connects two nodes in that same-component). 

But wait, the same-component is built from the 0s conditions. Then, if two nodes are in the same same-component (from 0s), then they must have the same bit. Then, if there is a condition (edge) with 1 in z between them, then we require that the two bits are different, which is impossible. So step 3 is necessary.

But note: the same-component built from 0s conditions is the maximal set of nodes that must have the same bit (for the j-th bit). Then, the 1s conditions must be between different same-components.

So, the algorithm for each bit j:

- Initialize a union-find (or DSU) for the same-component (for the j-th bit).
- For each condition (x, y, z) (from the M conditions) that has the j-th bit of z set to 0, union x and y.
- Then, for each condition (x, y, z) that has the j-th bit set to 1, check if x and y are in the same same-component. If yes, return impossible for the entire problem (since we cannot have a same-component having two nodes that must be different by a condition with 1).
- Then, build a graph (for the j-th bit) of the same-components: the nodes are the roots of the same-components (each root represents a same-component). Then, for each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, we have an edge between the root of x and the root of y (if x and y are in different same-components). 
- Then, check if this graph (of same-components) is bipartite (using BFS/DFS). If not, return impossible.

But note: the same graph (from 0s) might have multiple connected components (same-components). Then, the graph for the j-th bit (the one we build for bipartite check) is the graph of these same-components (each is a node) and edges are the conditions (from 1s) that connect different same-components.

But wait, we must consider that the same graph (from 0s) might not have included all nodes. Then, each node not present in any same-component (from 0s) is its own same-component (a singleton). 

So, we can do:

- For the j-th bit, we start with N same-components (each node is its own same-component).
- Then, for each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit of z being 0, we union x and y (if they are not already in the same same-component).
- Then, for each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, check that x and y are not in the same same-component (if they are, then contradiction).
- Then, build a graph with nodes being the same-components (each node is the root of the same-component) and edges: for each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, if x and y are in different same-components, add an edge between the two roots (if not already added). Then, check if this graph is bipartite.

But note: we must avoid duplicate edges. But M is 100,000 and the graph of same-components might be sparse.

But wait, the problem: the entire problem must have a solution for all bits. And if for any bit j, the conditions are not satisfied (either a same-component has a conflicting condition or the bipartite check fails), then we output -1.

But then, if all bits are satisfied, we can assign bits to the same-components: for each same-component (for the j-th bit), we assign a bit value (0 or 1) such that adjacent same-components (connected by a 1s condition) have different bits.

Then, for each node i, the j-th bit is the bit value of the same-component that i belongs to (for the j-th bit). 

But wait, for each bit j, we are building a separate same-component graph and a separate bipartite graph. Then, for each node i, the value A_i is the sum over bits j of (bit_value) * (2^j), where bit_value is the value (0 or 1) assigned to the same-component (that node belongs to) for the j-th bit.

But note: the same-component for the j-th bit is independent of the k-th bit. 

But the catch: the conditions (edges) are given for the entire integer. But we broke the conditions by bit. 

But is that valid? 

Yes, because the j-th bit of the XOR is the XOR of the j-th bits of A_x and A_y. So the conditions for each bit are independent.

But then, the overall solution is to assign, for each bit j, a 2-coloring of the same-component graph (for the j-th bit) and then set the j-th bit of each node to the color (0 or 1) of the same-component that the node belongs to (for the j-th bit).

But then, the minimal sum solution: 

Wait, the problem says to find a good sequence that minimizes the sum. 

But note: the assignment for each bit is independent. However, the value of A_i is the sum over bits. 

But we are free to choose the coloring for each bit (as long as the bipartite condition holds). 

But how do we minimize the sum? 

We want to minimize the sum of A_i, which is the sum over i of (sum_j (bit j of A_i) * (2^j)).

We can break the sum by bits: 

Sum_{i=1}^{N} A_i = Sum_{j=0}^{30} (2^j) * (number of nodes i that have the j-th bit set)

So, for each bit j, we want to minimize the number of nodes that have the j-th bit set. 

But the assignment for the j-th bit is a 2-coloring of the same-component graph (from the same and different conditions) and we must satisfy the bipartite condition. 

But the minimal number of set bits for the j-th bit is achieved by choosing the color (0 or 1) for each same-component to minimize the total set bits. 

Actually, the same-component graph (for the j-th bit) is a graph with the same-components as nodes and edges from the 1s conditions (which are the constraints). 

We want to assign 0 or 1 to each same-component (node) such that adjacent same-components have different colors, and the total number of 1s (over all nodes) is minimized. 

But note: the entire same-component is assigned the same bit. 

So, for the j-th bit, the graph is built from the same-components (from the 0s conditions) and the edges (from 1s conditions). 

Then, the problem is: given a bipartite graph (if the graph is bipartite), we can assign colors to the two parts arbitrarily. 

But note: the graph might not be connected. 

In a connected bipartite graph, we can assign one part 0 and the other part 1, or vice versa. 

The number of 1s is the sum of the sizes of the parts if we assign 1 to one part. 

But we can choose which part to assign 0 and which to assign 1. 

So, for each connected component (in the graph of same-components for the j-th bit), we have two possible colorings. 

Let the two parts be U and V. Then, if we assign 0 to U and 1 to V, the number of 1s in this component is |V|. If we assign 0 to V and 1 to U, the number of 1s is |U|. 

So, to minimize the total number of 1s, for each component, we choose the assignment that minimizes the number of 1s. 

But note: the same-component graph's nodes are the same-components (each node is a set of original nodes). The size of a same-component is the number of nodes in that set. 

Wait, no: the same-component (for the j-th bit) is built from the same conditions (0s). The same-component is a set of nodes that must have the same j-th bit. 

Then, in the graph for the j-th bit (the bipartite graph), the nodes are the same-components (each node is a same-component set). 

But then, the edges are between same-components (from 1s conditions). 

Now, when we 2-color this graph, we assign 0 or 1 to each same-component. 

Then, the total number of 1s for the j-th bit is the sum over same-components (nodes in the bipartite graph) that are assigned 1, multiplied by the size of that same-component (because every node in that same-component will have the j-th bit set). 

But wait, no: the same-component is a set of nodes. When we assign a color (0 or 1) to the same-component, then every node in that same-component gets that bit set (for the j-th bit). 

So, the total number of set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over same-components (nodes in the bipartite graph) of (if the same-component is assigned 1 then the size of the same-component, else 0). 

But the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (from the 0s conditions) and the edges (from 1s conditions). 

But note: the same-component graph (from 0s) might not have connected all nodes. Then, the same-components that are not connected by any 1s condition are isolated nodes in the bipartite graph. 

But we must consider: the same-component graph (for the j-th bit) is built from the 0s conditions and then the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions (edges between same-components). 

Now, the minimal total set bits for the j-th bit is achieved by, for each connected component in the bipartite graph (the graph of same-components), choosing the color assignment that minimizes the total set bits. 

But the bipartite graph is the graph we built from the 1s conditions (edges between same-components). 

However, the same-component graph (from 0s) might not have included all nodes. Then, the bipartite graph might not include all same-components? 

Actually, no: we built the same-component graph from the 0s conditions. Then, we built the bipartite graph from the 1s conditions (edges between same-components). But a same-component that has no 1s condition edge to any other same-component is an isolated node in the bipartite graph. 

But then, for isolated nodes (same-components) in the bipartite graph, we can assign 0 or 1 arbitrarily? 

But wait, the bipartite graph is built only from the 1s conditions. The same-component graph (from 0s) is used to group nodes that must be the same, and then the 1s conditions are the constraints that force different bits. 

But the bipartite graph is the graph of same-components (each node is a same-component) and edges are 1s conditions. 

Then, the 2-coloring of the bipartite graph is necessary to satisfy the 1s conditions. 

But for the same-components that are isolated (no 1s condition edge), then we can assign 0 or 1 arbitrarily. 

But then, to minimize the total sum, we would assign 0 to all isolated same-components (because that doesn't add to the sum). 

But wait, the entire solution is built from the bits. The minimal sum is achieved by minimizing the set bits. 

But note: the problem does not require to minimize the sum per bit, but the total sum. 

But the total sum is the sum over bits of (2^j) * (number of set bits in that bit). 

So, for each bit j, we want to minimize the number of set bits. 

But the assignment for each bit j is independent. 

So, for each bit j, we do:

1. Build the same-component graph (from conditions with 0 in the j-th bit).
2. Check for conditions with 1 in the j-th bit: if any condition (x, y) has x and y in the same same-component, return impossible.
3. Build the bipartite graph (same-components as nodes, edges from 1s conditions).
4. Check if the bipartite graph is bipartite. If not, return impossible.
5. Then, for the bipartite graph, for each connected component, choose the coloring that minimizes the total set bits (i.e., the one that assigns 0 to the larger part and 1 to the smaller part). 

But wait, no: the same-component is a set of nodes. The bipartite graph's node is a same-component. When we assign a bit (0 or 1) to the same-component, then all the nodes in that same-component get that bit. 

But the bipartite graph's edges are the 1s conditions (which are necessary to satisfy). 

Actually, step 5: we want to assign 0 or 1 to each same-component (node in the bipartite graph) such that adjacent same-components have different colors, and the total number of set bits (i.e., the sum over same-components of (if the same-component is assigned 1, then the size of the same-component, else 0)) is minimized.

But note: the bipartite graph might be disconnected. 

But the minimal assignment for a connected bipartite graph (with two parts U and V) is: choose the color for one part, then the other part is forced. Then, the total set bits is either |U| or |V| (if we assign 1 to the part we choose). 

But we have two choices: assign 1 to part U and 0 to V, then the set bits is |U|. Or assign 1 to V and 0 to U, then the set bits is |V|. 

So, we choose the minimum between |U| and |V|.

But wait, no: we can assign 0 to one part and 1 to the other. The set bits is the sum of the sizes of the parts that are assigned 1. 

But we have two choices: 
Option 1: assign 1 to U and 0 to V -> set bits = |U|
Option 2: assign 1 to V and 0 to U -> set bits = |V|

So, we choose the minimum between |U| and |V|.

But the bipartite graph might have multiple connected components. For each connected component, we have two parts (say, part A and part B). Then, we choose the minimum between |A| and |B| for that component. 

But note: the same-component graph (from 0s) might have same-components that are not connected by any 1s condition (so they are isolated nodes). Then, for an isolated node (same-component) with size s, we can assign 0 or 1 arbitrarily. 

But wait, the bipartite graph only has edges from 1s conditions. So, an isolated node (same-component) has no constraints from 1s conditions. 

Then, to minimize the set bits, we assign 0 to that same-component (so that none of its nodes have the j-th bit set). 

But wait, is that correct? 

Yes, because there are no constraints (from 1s conditions) forcing the j-th bit of that same-component to be 1. 

But note: the conditions with 0s only force that the nodes in that same-component must be the same, but don't force the bit to be 1. 

So, for an isolated same-component, we assign 0.

But then, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over each connected component (in the bipartite graph) of the minimum between the two parts (if the component is non-trivial) and for isolated nodes (same-components) we assign 0 (so no set bits). 

But wait, the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (from the 0s conditions) and the edges (from 1s conditions). 

But the same-component graph (from 0s) might have merged nodes, and then the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions (edges between same-components). 

But note: the same-component graph (from 0s) is built from conditions with 0s. Then, the bipartite graph is built from conditions with 1s. 

But the same-component graph (from 0s) might have merged nodes that are not connected by 1s conditions. 

But then, the bipartite graph only includes the same-components that are connected by 1s conditions. 

But the same-component graph (from 0s) might have same-components that are not connected by any 1s condition. Then, they are isolated nodes in the bipartite graph. 

But then, for the j-th bit, the minimal set bits is:

For each connected component (in the bipartite graph) that is non-trivial (has edges), we choose the coloring that minimizes the set bits (min(|U|, |V|) for that component). 

For each same-component (node) that is isolated (no edge in the bipartite graph), we assign 0 (so set bits 0). 

But wait, the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions. The same-component graph (from 0s) is built from the 0s conditions. 

But note: the conditions are given for the entire integer. We are breaking the conditions by bit. 

But the overall solution is to, for each bit j, compute the assignment (0 or 1) for each same-component (from the 0s conditions for that bit) and then set the j-th bit of each node to the assignment of its same-component (for that bit). 

Then, the entire sequence A is built by combining the bits.

But the minimal sum is achieved by, for each bit j, choosing the assignment that minimizes the total set bits for that bit. 

But note: the same-component for a given bit j is independent of the other bits. 

But then, the minimal sum is the sum over j of (2^j * (minimal set bits for bit j)).

But wait, is that true? 

Yes, because the bits are independent and the minimal assignment for each bit is independent. 

But then, the algorithm is:

1. For j from 0 to 30 (since 10^9 < 2^30):
   a. Build a DSU (or union-find) for the j-th bit: initialize with N nodes (each node is its own set).
   b. For each condition (x, y, z) in the input (M conditions), if the j-th bit of z is 0, then union x and y (if they are not already in the same set).
   c. For each condition (x, y, z), if the j-th bit of z is 1, check that x and y are not in the same set (in the DSU). If they are, return impossible.
   d. Build a graph (adjacency list) for the j-th bit: the nodes are the roots of the DSU sets. For each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, if x and y are in different sets, add an edge between the two roots (if not already added).
   e. Check if this graph is bipartite (using BFS/DFS). If not, return impossible.
   f. Then, for the bipartite graph, for each connected component, if the component is not isolated (has edges), then we have two parts. We choose the coloring that minimizes the total set bits (i.e., the minimum of the two parts' sizes). But note: the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (each node is a set) and the edges are from 1s conditions. The "size" of a same-component is the number of nodes in that set (from the original graph). 

But wait, the DSU set's size is the number of nodes in that same-component (for the j-th bit). 

But then, the total set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over same-components (nodes in the bipartite graph) of (if the same-component is assigned 1, then the size of the same-component, else 0). 

But the bipartite graph's connected component is a subgraph. 

Actually, the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (each node is a set) and edges between sets (from 1s conditions). 

Then, the connected components of the bipartite graph are groups of same-components that are connected by 1s conditions.

But then, we must assign 0 or 1 to each same-component (node) in the bipartite graph such that adjacent nodes have different colors, and the total set bits (for the j-th bit) is minimized. 

But the minimal assignment for the entire bipartite graph is independent for each connected component. 

For a connected component (in the bipartite graph) with two parts (say, part A and part B), the minimal set bits is min(|A|, |B|) * (the factor: but wait, no). 

Actually, the set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over all same-components (nodes) that are assigned 1, of the size of that same-component. 

But the bipartite graph is a graph of same-components (each node is a set). 

Then, the two-coloring of the bipartite graph (each node is assigned 0 or 1) must be such that adjacent nodes have different colors. 

But the total set bits is the sum over nodes (same-components) that are assigned 1, of the size of that same-component. 

We want to minimize that sum. 

But the assignment must be consistent (adjacent nodes different). 

This is a minimum vertex cover? Or maximum independent set? 

Actually, we can use a standard technique: 

We can choose one part of the bipartite graph (in each connected component) to be 0 and the other to be 1, or vice versa. 

But the goal is to minimize the total set bits. 

Let the bipartite graph's connected component have two parts: U and V. 

If we assign 0 to U and 1 to V, then the set bits is the sum of the sizes of the same-components in V. 
If we assign 0 to V and 1 to U, then the set bits is the sum of the sizes of the same-components in U. 

But wait, no: the entire same-component (node) is assigned a color. Then, the set bits is the sum over nodes (same-components) in the bipartite graph that are assigned 1, multiplied by the size of that same-component. 

But the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (from the 0s conditions). Each node in the bipartite graph has a size (the number of nodes in the original graph that are in that same-component). 

Then, the total set bits for the j-th bit is:

If we assign 1 to a same-component (node) of size s, then we add s to the total set bits.

We have constraints: adjacent same-components must have different assignments.

Then, the problem is: given a bipartite graph (each node has a weight = size of the same-component) and edges (adjacencies), assign 0 or 1 to each node (adjacent nodes different) to minimize the sum of the weights of the nodes assigned 1.

This is a minimum vertex cover? Or maximum cut? 

But note: the graph is bipartite. 

We can use the following: 

In a bipartite graph, the minimum vertex cover (minimum set of nodes that covers all edges) is given by Konig's theorem, but here we want to minimize the sum of weights of the nodes assigned 1, with the constraint that adjacent nodes are different. 

But note: the constraint is that adjacent nodes must be different, which is the standard bipartite coloring. Then, the two-coloring is fixed up to swapping the two colors. 

But we can choose which color (0 or 1) to assign to each connected component independently. 

Then, for a connected component (with parts U and V), the total set bits is either:

Option1: assign 0 to U and 1 to V: then the set bits is sum_{v in V} (size of v)
Option2: assign 0 to V and 1 to U: then the set bits is sum_{u in U} (size of u)

Then, we choose the minimum between these two.

But note: the same-component graph (from 0s) might have same-components that are not connected by 1s conditions (isolated nodes). Then, for an isolated node (same-component) of size s, we can assign 0 (so set bits 0) or 1 (set bits s). But we choose 0 to minimize.

But then, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is:

For each connected component (in the bipartite graph) that is non-trivial (has edges), we choose the minimum between the two options (sum of sizes of one part and the sum of the other part). 

For isolated nodes (same-components), we assign 0 (so 0 set bits).

But wait, the bipartite graph is built from the same-components (from 0s) and the edges (from 1s). 

But the same-component graph (from 0s) might not have included all nodes. Then, the bipartite graph might not include all same-components (nodes). 

Actually, the DSU (for 0s) builds same-components for all nodes. Then, the bipartite graph is built only from the edges (1s conditions) between same-components. 

But then, the bipartite graph is a graph with nodes being all same-components (from 0s) and edges from 1s conditions. 

But then, the connected components of the bipartite graph are the sets of same-components that are connected by 1s conditions. 

But then, the two-coloring of the bipartite graph is defined for all same-components (nodes) in the bipartite graph. 

But the bipartite graph might not be connected. 

Then, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is:

For each connected component (in the bipartite graph), we have two parts (if the component is non-trivial). 

But wait, the bipartite graph is built from a graph that is bipartite (because we built it from the 1s conditions and the 0s conditions only force same-component connections, but the 1s conditions are edges between same-components, and the same-component graph (from 0s) is used to build the nodes). 

But the bipartite graph is the graph we built, and we checked it is bipartite. 

Then, the two-coloring is unique up to swapping for each connected component. 

But the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over all connected components of:

   min( 
        (sum of sizes of the nodes in part U), 
        (sum of sizes of the nodes in part V)
   )

But wait, no: the two options are:

Option1: assign 1 to part U and 0 to part V -> set bits = sum_{u in U} (size of u)
Option2: assign 1 to part V and 0 to part U -> set bits = sum_{v in V} (size of v)

But the total set bits is the sum over the entire bipartite graph (all same-components) of the size of the same-component if it is assigned 1.

But the bipartite graph is the entire set of same-components (from 0s) that are connected by 1s conditions? 

Actually, no: the bipartite graph is built only from the 1s conditions. But the same-components that are not connected by any 1s condition are isolated nodes (no edges). 

But then, for an isolated node (same-component) of size s, we can assign 0 (set bits 0) or 1 (set bits s). 

But the bipartite graph's connected component is the entire set of same-components that are connected by 1s conditions. 

But the same-components that are not connected by any 1s condition are separate connected components (each is a singleton). 

Then, for each connected component (whether it has edges or not), we can choose the assignment that minimizes the set bits. 

For a connected component with edges (non-trivial), we have two parts. Then, the set bits is the minimum between the sum of the sizes of part U and the sum of the sizes of part V.

For a connected component that is an isolated node (same-component) of size s, we assign 0 (set bits 0). 

But wait, for an isolated node (same-component), we can also assign 1, but that would be worse (set bits s). So we choose 0.

But then, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over all connected components (in the bipartite graph) of the minimal set bits for that component.

But the bipartite graph includes all same-components (from 0s) because the DSU built from 0s conditions gives a partition of all nodes. Then, the bipartite graph has one node for each same-component (from 0s). 

But then, the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions: if a same-component has no 1s condition edge, then it is an isolated node. 

But note: the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions, so it only includes edges from 1s conditions. 

But the same-components (nodes) are all present. 

Then, the connected components of the bipartite graph are:

- The same-components that are connected by 1s conditions form connected components (each connected component is a bipartite graph).
- The same-components not connected by any 1s condition are each a separate connected component (a singleton).

Then, for each connected component (whether singleton or not), we choose the assignment (0 or 1) to minimize the set bits.

For a singleton (isolated node) of size s, we assign 0 (set bits 0).

For a connected component (non-trivial) with parts U and V, we choose the minimum between the sum of sizes of U and the sum of sizes of V.

But note: the entire graph (the bipartite graph) is the graph we built. 

But then, the algorithm for each bit j is:

1. Build a DSU for the j-th bit (size N).
2. For each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit of z being 0, union x and y.
3. For each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, check that x and y are not in the same set (if they are, return impossible).
4. Build a graph G_j: nodes are the roots of the DSU sets (each set is a node). For each condition (x, y, z) with the j-th bit set to 1, if x and y are in different sets, add an edge between the two roots (if not already added).
5. Check if G_j is bipartite. If not, return impossible.
6. Then, for each connected component in G_j, if the component is isolated (no edges), then the set bits for that component is 0 (because we assign 0). If the component has edges, then it is bipartite with two parts (U, V). Then, the minimal set bits for that component is min( sum_{u in U} (size of u), sum_{v in V} (size of v) ).
7. Sum the set bits for all components to get the minimal set bits for the j-th bit.

But wait, step 6: the set bits for a component is not just the sum of the sizes of one part, but the sum of the sizes of the nodes (same-components) that are assigned 1. 

But in step 6, for a non-trivial component, we have two options:

Option1: assign 1 to part U -> set bits = sum_{u in U} (size of u)
Option2: assign 1 to part V -> set bits = sum_{v in V} (size of v)

Then, we choose the minimum of these two.

But note: the entire j-th bit's set bits is the sum of the set bits from each connected component.

Then, the minimal sum for the entire sequence is:

Sum_{j=0}^{30} (2^j) * (minimal set bits for the j-th bit)

But wait, is that correct? 

But note: the assignment for each bit j is independent, so yes.

But then, the overall solution is:

For each bit j from 0 to 30:
   - Build DSU for the j-th bit.
   - Process conditions with 0 in z's j-th bit: union the nodes.
   - Check conditions with 1 in z's j-th bit: if any condition connects two nodes in the same set, return impossible.
   - Build graph G_j from conditions with 1 in z's j-th bit (edges between roots of the DSU sets).
   - Check if G_j is bipartite. If not, return impossible.
   - For each connected component in G_j, if it's non-trivial (has edges), compute the two part sizes (sum of sizes of the same-components in each part) and take the minimum. For isolated nodes, take 0.
   - Multiply this minimum by 2^j and add to the total minimal sum.

But wait, we don't need to compute the minimal sum during the bit processing if we are only asked to output one good sequence with minimal sum. 

But we are asked to output the sequence A that minimizes the sum. 

But we can build A_i as the sum over bits j of (bit_value_j) * (2^j), where bit_value_j is the assignment for the same-component that i belongs to (for the j-th bit). 

But we need to know the assignment for each same-component for each bit j. 

But the assignment for each bit j is determined by the bipartite graph's coloring (minimizing the set bits). 

But then, we need to record for each same-component (for each bit j) the assigned bit (0 or 1). 

But then, for each node i, the value A_i is the sum over j of (assigned_bit_j) * (2^j). 

But how do we know the assigned_bit_j for a node i and bit j? 

We can, for each bit j:

   - Build the DSU for the j-th bit and record the root for each node i.
   - Then, build the bipartite graph for the j-th bit and compute the two-coloring (the assignment for each same-component (node in the bipartite graph)).

Then, for each node i, for bit j, the bit value is the assignment of its root (from the DSU) in the bipartite graph for the j-th bit.

But then, we can store for each node i and bit j the bit value. 

But N is 200,000 and bits are 31 (0 to 30). Then, we need a 2D array of size N*31. That is 200000*31 = 6.2e6, which is acceptable.

But the DSU for each bit j is built from the 0s conditions. 

But M can be up to 100,000. Then, for each bit j (31 bits), we do:

   - DSU with union operations: at most 100,000 unions per bit? But wait, the 0s conditions: for each condition (x, y, z), we only use it for the bit j if the j-th bit of z is 0. 

But the same condition (x, y, z) is used for each bit j independently. 

But the total number of conditions is M, and for each bit j, we consider only the conditions with the j-th bit set to 0 or 1.

But the worst-case, a condition might be used for each bit (if z has all bits set) but then, the total operations over all bits would be 31 * M, which is 31*100,000 = 3.1e6, which is acceptable.

But note: the DSU for each bit j must be built from scratch (because the same conditions are used independently). 

But we can optimize by precomputing for each condition (x, y, z) the bit representation of z, and then for each bit j, we know the conditions to use (0s or 1s). 

But then, the algorithm:

Precompute for each condition i (from 0 to M-1) the 31-bit representation of z_i.

Then, for j from 0 to 30:

   - Initialize a DSU for N nodes.
   - For each condition i such that the j-th bit of z_i is 0, do: union(x_i, y_i) [if not already unioned].
   - Then, for each condition i such that the j-th bit of z_i is 1, check if x_i and y_i are in the same set. If yes, return -1.
   - Then, build a graph with nodes being the roots of the DSU (each set). For each condition i with the j-th bit set to 1 and x_i, y_i in different sets, add an edge between the roots of x_i and y_i (if not already added).
   - Check if this graph is bipartite (using BFS/DFS). If not, return -1.
   - Then, for each connected component in this graph, if the component has edges, do a BFS/DFS to color the two parts and compute the two options (sum of sizes of part0 and part1). Then, the minimal set bits for that component is the minimum of the two.
   - For isolated nodes (no edge), minimal set bits is 0 (since we assign 0).
   - Then, record the assignment for each same-component (node) in the bipartite graph: if the component is non-trivial, assign 0 or 1 to the two parts (the choice that minimizes the set bits). But wait, we only need the minimal set bits, not the actual assignment. 

But wait, we need to output the sequence A. 

But we can store for each node i and bit j the bit value. 

But the assignment for each same-component (for bit j) is stored in the bipartite graph coloring. 

But we can do:

   For each bit j, after building the bipartite graph and coloring it (with two colors, say color0 and color1), we know for each same-component (node in the bipartite graph) whether it is assigned 0 or 1 (the minimal assignment). 

But wait, the bipartite graph coloring is done to minimize the set bits. 

But the minimal set bits is the sum of the sizes of the same-components assigned 1. 

But to output the sequence A, we need to know for each node i, the j-th bit is the assignment of the same-component that i belongs to (for the j-th bit). 

But note: for the j-th bit, the DSU gives the same-component for node i (a set). Then, the bipartite graph's node for that set is assigned a bit (0 or 1). 

But then, for node i, the j-th bit is that assigned bit.

But we must do this for each bit j. 

But then, the memory and time might be heavy: 31 * (DSU and graph building) and each DSU and graph building is O(N + M). 

But N is 200,000 and M is 100,000, and 31 * (N + M) is about 31*(300,000) = 9.3e6, which is acceptable.

But wait, the DSU for each bit j: we have to do 31 * (number of union operations). The union operations for a bit j are the number of conditions with 0 in the j-th bit. 

But the total number of union operations over all bits is 31 * M, which is 3.1e6, which is acceptable.

But then, the graph building: for each bit j, we have at most M edges (from conditions with 1 in the j-th bit). 

But the total over all bits is 31 * M = 3.1e6 edges, which is acceptable.

But then, the bipartite check: we need to do BFS/DFS for each connected component in the graph for bit j. 

But the graph for bit j has at most (number of same-components) nodes and (number of 1s conditions) edges. 

But the number of same-components for bit j is at most N (worst-case, no unions). 

But 31 * (number of nodes + edges) is 31 * (N + M) = 31*(300,000) = 9.3e6, which is acceptable.

But then, the overall complexity is O(31 * (N + M)) which is acceptable.

But then, the steps:

1. Read input: N, M and the M conditions.
2. Precompute for each condition i the 31 bits of z_i (store in a list for each bit j, the list of conditions (x, y) that have the j-th bit set to 0 and to 1).
3. For j from 0 to 30:
   a. Initialize a DSU (with parent array and rank, and also a size array) for N nodes.
   b. For each condition (x, y) in the list for j (0s): do union(x, y). (Note: we need to map node indices to 0-indexed if necessary)
   c. For each condition (x, y) in the list for j (1s): check if find(x) == find(y). If yes, return -1.
   d. Build a graph G_j: 
        nodes: the roots of the DSU sets (only roots that appear in the 1s conditions or are the roots of the DSU sets that are connected by 1s conditions? Actually, we need to consider all roots that are present. But we can collect all roots from the DSU and then add edges from the 1s conditions.
        Actually, we can collect all roots that are the parent of any node. But we can also just use the DSU's find for each node and then use a set to get the roots.
   e. Then, build the graph: for each condition (x, y) in the list for j (1s) and if find(x) != find(y), add an edge between find(x) and find(y). But we must avoid duplicate edges. But the conditions are given, and we can use a set of edges (or simply build an adjacency list and use a set for edges per node).
   f. Check if G_j is bipartite. If not, return -1.
   g. For each connected component in G_j, if it has edges, do BFS/DFS to color the two parts and compute the total size of each part (the size is the size of the same-component (root) in the DSU). Then, the minimal set bits for that component is the minimum of the two part sizes. For isolated nodes (no edge), minimal set bits is 0.
   h. But we also need to record the assignment for each same-component (node in the DSU) for the j-th bit. 

But wait, step h: we need to know the assignment for each node i (for the j-th bit) to build A_i. 

But the assignment for a same-component (node in the bipartite graph) is the color (0 or 1) we assigned during the bipartite coloring. 

But we don't need to store the minimal set bits, we need to store the actual assignment (0 or 1) for each same-component (node) to compute A_i. 

But we can do: 

   For each connected component in G_j (the bipartite graph), we do a BFS/DFS and assign 0 or 1 to each node (same-component) in the bipartite graph. 

   But we have two choices for each component. However, we are minimizing the set bits. 

   We can do:

      Let comp = connected component (set of nodes in the bipartite graph).
      Let part0 = set(), part1 = set().

      Start BFS from an arbitrary node, assign 0, then neighbors 1, then neighbors 0, etc.

      But then, the assignment is fixed. But we have two options: we can swap 0 and 1. 

      But we want the minimal set bits. 

      We can do two BFS: one with the start node as 0 and one as 1? 

      Actually, we can compute both and choose the one with minimal set bits.

   But note: the bipartite graph is connected. Then, the two options are:

      Option1: start node gets 0 -> set bits = sum of sizes of nodes with color 1.
      Option2: start node gets 1 -> set bits = sum of sizes of nodes with color 0.

   Then, choose the one with smaller set bits.

   But we can do:

      Do BFS and record the two possible assignments. 

   But actually, the set bits is determined by the assignment. 

   Steps for a connected component (non-trivial):

      Let the component have a set of nodes (same-components) with sizes s1, s2, ..., sk.

      The two options:

         Option1: assign 0 to one part and 1 to the other -> set bits = sum_{i in part1} s_i
         Option2: the other way -> set bits = sum_{i in part0} s_i

      But we don't know which is which until we do BFS.

      So, we can do:

         BFS from an arbitrary node, assign 0, then neighbors 1, etc.

         Then, let part0 = all nodes with color 0, part1 = all nodes with color 1.

         Then, set bits_option0 = sum_{node in part1} (size of the same-component node)
         set bits_option1 = sum_{node in part0} (size of the same-component node)

         Then, choose the minimum between set bits_option0 and set bits_option1.

      Then, the actual assignment is: the chosen part gets 1 and the other gets 0.

   But then, we need to record the assignment for each same-component node.

   We can store an array assign[j][root] = 0 or 1.

   But we have 31 bits and N up to 200,000. Then, the memory is 31 * N, which is 6.2e6 integers, acceptable.

4. After processing all bits, for each node i (1-indexed), compute A_i = 0

   For j from 0 to 30:
        root = find(i) in the DSU for bit j (but note: the DSU for each bit j is independent, so we need to store for each bit j the DSU and the assignment for each node)

   But wait, the DSU for each bit j is independent. But we need to know, for node i, in the j-th bit, which same-component it belongs to (the root) and then the assignment for that same-component (from the bipartite graph for bit j).

   Then, A_i = sum_{j=0}^{30} (assign[j][root_j]) * (2^j)

   But we need to store for each bit j and each node i, the root of the DSU for bit j and the assignment for that root.

   But that is 31 * N = 6.2e6, which is acceptable.

But then, the overall memory is about 31 * (N + N) = 62 * N integers, which is about 62 * 200000 = 12.4e6 integers, which is about 100 MB in Python, acceptable.

But the time is 31 * (N + M) which is about 31*(300,000) = 9.3e6 operations, which is acceptable.

But wait, the DSU for each bit j: we need to do 31 * (number of unions) and the unions are the number of conditions with 0 in the j-th bit. 

But the total number of unions over all bits is 31 * (number of conditions) because each condition is used in each bit independently. 

But the total conditions is M, so 31 * M = 3.1e6, which is acceptable.

But then, we need to store for each condition (x, y, z) the bit representation. 

We can precompute for each condition i (0 to M-1) the 31 bits of z_i.

But z_i up to 10^9, so 31 bits.

Then, for each bit j, we have a list of conditions (x, y) that have the j-th bit 0 and 1.

But we can do:

   conditions_by_bit = [[] for _ in range(31)]
   for each condition (x, y, z):
        for j in range(31):
            if (z >> j) & 1:
                conditions_by_bit[j].append( (x, y, 1) )   # for 1s
            else:
                conditions_by_bit[j].append( (x, y, 0) )   # for 0s

But then, for each bit j, we have two lists: 
   zeros[j] = conditions (x, y) from the 0s
   ones[j] = conditions (x, y) from the 1s

But then, for bit j:

   - Build DSU and union the zeros[j]
   - Check ones[j]: for each (x, y) in ones[j], if find(x)==find(y), then return -1.
   - Build graph from ones[j]: for each (x, y) in ones[j], if find(x) != find(y), add edge between find(x) and find(y) (and avoid duplicates).

But note: the DSU for bit j is built from zeros[j]. 

But the same condition (x, y, z) is used in bit j only if the j-th bit is 0 or 1.

But then, the algorithm:

   Read N, M.
   conditions = []
   for i in range(M):
        read x, y, z
        conditions.append((x, y, z))

   # Precompute for each bit j (0 to 30) the list of conditions (x, y) that have the j-th bit 0 and 1.
   zeros = [[] for _ in range(31)]
   ones = [[] for _ in range(31)]
   for (x, y, z) in conditions:
        for j in range(31):
            if (z >> j) & 1:
                ones[j].append((x, y))
            else:
                zeros[j].append((x, y))

   Then, for j in range(31):
        # Build DSU for this bit
        parent = list(range(N+1))
        rank = [0]*(N+1)
        size = [1]*(N+1)  # size of the set

        # DSU functions: find and union
        def find(x):
            if parent[x] != x:
                parent[x] = find(parent[x])
            return parent[x]

        def union(x, y):
            rx = find(x)
            ry = find(y)
            if rx == ry:
                return False
            if rank[rx] < rank[ry]:
                parent[rx] = ry
                size[ry] += size[rx]
            elif rank[rx] > rank[ry]:
                parent[ry] = rx
                size[rx] += size[ry]
            else:
                parent[ry] = rx
                rank[rx] += 1
                size[rx] += size[ry]
            return True

        # Step 1: process zeros[j]
        for (x, y) in zeros[j]:
            # Only union if not already in the same set? But we can union anyway, but then the DSU will do nothing if already same.
            # But we want to record the same-component, so we do union and it will merge if not same.
            union(x, y)

        # Step 2: check ones[j]
        for (x, y) in ones[j]:
            if find(x) == find(y):
                print(-1)
                exit(0)

        # Step 3: build graph for ones[j]
        # First, get all roots (parent of each node from 1 to N)
        # But we can use a set of roots that appear in ones[j] or in the DSU.
        # Actually, we need to consider all same-components that appear in the DSU. But the graph nodes are the roots (each set's representative).
        # We'll collect all roots that are the parent of themselves and are used in ones[j] or are the parent of any node.
        # But we can just use the DSU's parent array and then take the set of all roots that are the parent of any node from 1 to N? 
        # Actually, we can use the parent array and then for each node from 1 to N, find its root. Then, the set of roots is the set of distinct roots.

        # But note: the DSU might not have merged all nodes? Actually, we only merged for zeros[j]. But zeros[j] might not cover all nodes.

        # Then, the graph nodes are the distinct roots (each set's representative). 

        # Build a graph with nodes being the distinct roots (each root is a node) and edges from ones[j] (if x and y are in different sets, then add edge between their roots).

        # But we must avoid duplicate edges.

        # Let's get the set of roots that appear in ones[j]:
        roots_set = set()
        graph = {}
        # We'll use a dictionary for graph: node -> list of neighbors

        # First, for each condition in ones[j], get the two roots (if different)
        edges_set = set()
        for (x, y) in ones[j]:
            rx = find(x)
            ry = find(y)
            if rx == ry:
                # This should not happen because we checked above.
                continue
            # Avoid duplicate edges: (min(rx, ry), max(rx, ry)) to represent an edge.
            edge = (min(rx, ry), max(rx, ry))
            edges_set.add(edge)

        # Now, the nodes are all rx and ry that appear in edges_set. But we can also include roots that are not in any edge? 
        # But the bipartite graph should include all same-components (nodes) that are in the DSU? 
        # Actually, the bipartite graph is built from the 1s conditions, so only the same-components that are connected by 1s conditions are included. 
        # But the bipartite graph must include all same-components (nodes) that are present in the DSU (because they are the nodes). 
        # But then, the graph is defined on the entire set of same-components (nodes) and edges are the 1s conditions.

        # However, we only have the edges from the 1s conditions. 

        # But then, the graph might not be connected. 

        # We'll build the graph with nodes being the distinct roots (all roots that are the parent of any node from 1 to N). 

        # But we can do: 
        all_roots = set()
        for i in range(1, N+1):
            all_roots.add(find(i))

        # But then, the graph nodes are all_roots.

        # But the edges are only from ones[j] (the 1s conditions). 

        # But then, we can build the graph from all_roots and the edges_set.

        # But the graph might be large (up to 200,000 nodes). 

        # Then, we need to build a graph with |all_roots| nodes and |edges_set| edges.

        # But |all_roots| is at most N (200,000) and |edges_set| is at most |ones[j]|.

        # Then, we can build the graph.

        # But then, we must check if the graph is bipartite.

        # Steps for bipartite check:

        #   We'll do BFS/DFS for each connected component.

        #   We need to assign a color (0 or 1) to each node (same-component) such that adjacent nodes have different colors.

        #   But we want the minimal set bits, so we need to know the two options.

        #   We can do BFS and record the two options by swapping the colors.

        #   Actually, we can do:

        #       For each connected component (set of nodes), do BFS and assign 0 to the start, then 1 to neighbors, etc.

        #       Then, the set bits for the two options are:

        #           Option0: start node is 0, then the set bits is the sum of the sizes of the nodes with color 1.
        #           Option1: start node is 1, then the set bits is the sum of the sizes of the nodes with color 0.

        #       Then, choose the minimum.

        #   But we need to record the assignment for each node (same-component) for the j-th bit.

        #   We can store:

        #       color[j][node] = 0 or 1   (node is the root of the same-component)

        #   Then, for each node i (1 to N), the j-th bit is color[j][find(i)] (because find(i) is the root of the same-component).

        #   But note: the same-component's root is the representative.

        #   We'll store an array for each bit j: a dictionary or an array indexed by node (the root) storing the color.

        #   But the root is a number between 1 and N.

        #   We can have an array for each bit j: color_arr[j] = [None]*(N+1)

        #   Then, for the j-th bit, for each node (same-component) in the bipartite graph, we assign a color.

        #   Steps for bipartite check and assignment for bit j:

        #       Let's create an array for the current bit j: color_arr = [None]*(N+1)  # index by node (same-component node, i.e., the root)

        #       Then, for each node in all_roots:
        #           if color_arr[node] is not None, then skip.
        #           Else, do BFS/DFS from that node.

        #       But we can iterate over all_roots.

        #   However, we need to build the graph first.

        #   We'll build the graph as:

        graph_edges = {}
        for node in all_roots:
            graph_edges[node] = []
        for (u, v) in edges_set:
            graph_edges[u].append(v)
            graph_edges[v].append(u)

        # Then, BFS for each connected component in graph_edges.

        # But note: the graph_edges only includes the nodes in all_roots and edges from edges_set.

        # But all_roots might be large, but it's the same as the number of same-components (which is at most N).

        # Then, do:

        visited = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        # We'll store the color for each node (same-component) in color_arr for this bit j.

        # But we want to record the assignment for each same-component node (root) for the j-th bit.

        # We'll create an array for the j-th bit: color_arr = [None]*(N+1)

        # Then, for each node in all_roots:
        for node in all_roots:
            if not visited[node]:
                # BFS
                queue = [node]
                visited[node] = True
                color_arr[node] = 0
                while queue:
                    cur = queue.pop(0)
                    for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
                        if not visited[neighbor]:
                            visited[neighbor] = True
                            color_arr[neighbor] = 1 - color_arr[cur]
                            queue.append(neighbor)
                        else:
                            if color_arr[neighbor] == color_arr[cur]:
                                # Not bipartite
                                print(-1)
                                exit(0)

        # But wait, the above BFS only checks for bipartiteness. But we need to record the assignment.

        # But the above BFS records the assignment (color_arr).

        # However, the above BFS does not consider the two options (swap). 

        # But we need to choose the assignment that minimizes the set bits.

        # But the BFS assignment is fixed: we start with 0. 

        # Then, the set bits is the sum of the sizes of the nodes with color 1.

        # But there is another option: swap all colors. Then, the set bits would be the sum of the sizes of the nodes with color 0.

        # But the BFS does not give both options. 

        # We can do two BFS: one with start node 0 and one with start node 1? 

        # Actually, we can compute both:

        #   Let comp = the connected component (set of nodes) we are processing.
        #   Do BFS from node with color 0 and record the set bits for option0 (color1 nodes) and option1 (color0 nodes).

        # But we can do:

        #   For the entire graph, the two options are:

        #       Option0: use the BFS assignment (start with 0) -> set bits0 = sum_{node in comp and color_arr[node]==1} size[node]
        #       Option1: use the assignment swapped (start with 1) -> set bits1 = sum_{node in comp and color_arr[node]==0} size[node]  [but wait, if we swap, then the color_arr[node] becomes 1-color_arr[node], but we already did BFS with 0 start, so we can compute set bits1 by swapping the colors? 

        #   But we don't have the swapped assignment.

        #   Alternatively, we can do two BFS for each connected component: one with 0 and one with 1. 

        #   But that would be redundant.

        #   Actually, we can do:

        #       After BFS, the set bits for option0 is the sum of size[node] for all node in the component with color_arr[node]==1.
        #       Then, set bits for option1 is the sum of size[node] for all node in the component with color_arr[node]==0.

        #   Then, minimal_set_bits = min(set_bits0, set_bits1)

        #   But wait, set_bits0 and set_bits1 are for the same component.

        #   But note: the entire component's set bits is the sum over nodes (same-components) of size[node] if the node is assigned 1.

        #   So, for the component, the two options are:

        #       Option0: assign 0 to the start -> then the set bits is the sum of sizes of the nodes with color 1 (from the BFS).
        #       Option1: assign 1 to the start -> then the set bits is the sum of sizes of the nodes with color 0 (from the BFS).

        #   But we can compute set_bits1 from the BFS: because if we start with 1, then the entire component's colors are flipped. Then, the set bits is the sum of sizes of the nodes that were 0 in the BFS (if we start with 1, then the start is 1 and then the neighbors are 0, etc). 

        #   But we already did BFS with start 0. 

        #   Alternatively, we can do:

        #       Let the component have a set of nodes S.
        #       Let part0 = set of nodes with color_arr[node] = 0 (from BFS with start 0)
        #       Let part1 = set of nodes with color_arr[node] = 1

        #       Then, option0_set_bits = sum_{node in part1} size[node]
        #       option1_set_bits = sum_{node in part0} size[node]

        #       Then, minimal_set_bits = min(option0_set_bits, option1_set_bits)

        #   But note: the entire component's set bits is the sum over nodes (same-components) of size[node] if the node is assigned 1. 

        #   But we are not forced to choose the minimal set bits for the entire sequence, but the minimal set bits for each bit independently. 

        #   However, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over all same-components (nodes) in the bipartite graph (across all connected components) of the size[node] if the node is assigned 1 (under the chosen assignment for each connected component).

        #   And for each connected component, we choose the assignment (swap or not) that minimizes the set bits for that component.

        #   Then, the minimal set bits for the j-th bit is the sum over all connected components of the minimal_set_bits for that component.

        #   But we need to record the assignment for each node (same-component) to build the final A_i.

        #   We can store for each node (same-component) the assignment (0 or 1) for the j-th bit.

        #   But we have two options for each connected component. 

        #   We can store an array for the j-th bit: best_color[node] = the chosen color for the node.

        #   For a connected component, we choose the assignment (swap or not) that minimizes the set bits for the component. 

        #   But note: the assignment must be consistent for the entire component. 

        #   We can do:

        #       For the component, compute option0_set_bits = sum_{node in part1} size[node]
        #       option1_set_bits = sum_{node in part0} size[node]

        #       Then, if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits, then the chosen assignment is: part0 gets 0, part1 gets 1.
        #       Else, part0 gets 1, part1 gets 0.

        #   But wait, if we choose option0, then the set bits is option0_set_bits, and the assignment for each node is: 
        #       for node in part0: 0
        #       for node in part1: 1

        #   And if we choose option1, then the assignment is:
        #       for node in part0: 1
        #       for node in part1: 0

        #   But we need to store the assignment for each node.

        #   We can store:

        #       for node in part0:
        #           best_color[node] = 0 if option0 is chosen else 1
        #       for node in part1:
        #           best_color[node] = 1 if option0 is chosen else 0

        #   But we need to know the minimal option.

        #   Alternatively, we can store the assignment for the component based on the chosen option.

        #   We can do:

        #       if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
        #           chosen = 0   # start with 0
        #       else:
        #           chosen = 1   # start with 1

        #       Then, do BFS again with chosen as the start and record the assignment.

        #   But then, we have to do BFS twice for each component.

        #   Or we can do BFS once and then compute both options.

        #   But we already did BFS once. 

        #   We can store the two sets (part0 and part1) and then choose the option and then reassign the entire component.

        #   Steps for a connected component:

        #       Let S = set of nodes in the component.
        #       Let part0 = {node: color_arr[node] == 0}
        #       Let part1 = {node: color_arr[node] == 1}

        #       Then, option0_set_bits = sum_{node in part1} size[node]
        #       option1_set_bits = sum_{node in part0} size[node]

        #       Then, if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
        #           assignment[node] = 0 for node in part0, 1 for node in part1.
        #       else:
        #           assignment[node] = 1 for node in part0, 0 for node in part1.

        #   But then, the assignment for each node is stored.

        #   But note: the size[node] is the size of the same-component (from the DSU) for the j-th bit.

        #   But we have an array size[1..N] from the DSU.

        #   Then, we can compute the two options.

        #   But we must do this for each connected component.

        #   Then, after processing all components, we have an array best_color[1..N] for the j-th bit? 

        #   But best_color is defined for the same-component nodes (the roots). But then, for a node i, we need to know the same-component's root and then the best_color for that root.

        #   But the DSU for bit j has a parent array. We can store best_color for each node (the same-component node) in an array of length N+1.

        #   Then, for each node i (1 to N), the j-th bit is best_color[find(i)].

        #   But we need to store best_color for each node (same-component node) for each bit j.

        #   We can have a 2D array: best_color[j][node] = 0 or 1.

        #   But node is the same-component node (root), and there are 31 * (number of same-components) which is 31 * N, which is acceptable.

        #   But then, the memory is 31 * N, which is 6.2e6, acceptable.

        #   Steps for bit j:

        #       After building the graph and doing BFS (with start 0), we have color_arr for each node in the bipartite graph (the same-components).

        #       Then, for each connected component (we can get by BFS):

        #           Let comp = set of nodes in the component.
        #           part0 = [node for node in comp if color_arr[node]==0]
        #           part1 = [node for node in comp if color_arr[node]==1]

        #           option0_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part1)
        #           option1_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part0)

        #           if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
        #               assignment = {node: 0 if node in part0 else 1}
        #           else:
        #               assignment = {node: 1 if node in part0 else 0}

        #           Then, for each node in comp, set best_color[j][node] = assignment[node]

        #       For nodes not in the bipartite graph (not in all_roots)? 

        #       Actually, all_roots is the set of all same-components (nodes in the DSU). 

        #       But the bipartite graph is built from the same-components, so all_roots is the entire set of same-components.

        #       But then, we must assign a color to every same-component.

        #       But the bipartite graph might not include all same-components (if there are no 1s conditions, then the graph is empty and we only have isolated nodes). 

        #       But we already did BFS for all_roots (which is the entire set of same-components). 

        #       But the BFS was done on the graph (which only has edges from 1s conditions). 

        #       But we did BFS for all_roots, and if a node is isolated, then it was visited and got a color (from the BFS) but the BFS for an isolated node is just one node.

        #       But then, for an isolated node, the two options are:

        #           option0_set_bits = 0 (if we assign 0) or size[node] (if we assign 1)
        #           option1_set_bits = size[node] (if we assign 1) or 0 (if we assign 0)

        #       But wait, for an isolated node, the two options are:

        #           Option0: assign 0 -> set bits 0.
        #           Option1: assign 1 -> set bits size[node].

        #       Then, we choose option0.

        #       But in our BFS, the isolated node was assigned 0 (because we started with 0). 

        #       Then, the assignment is 0, which is correct.

        #   But then, the above method for non-trivial components also works for trivial components (isolated nodes) because for an isolated node, part0 = [node] and part1 = []. 

        #       option0_set_bits = 0
        #       option1_set_bits = size[node]

        #       Then, we choose option0.

        #   So, we can use the same method for all components.

        #   Then, the steps for bit j:

        #       After building the graph and doing BFS (which assigned a color to each node in the bipartite graph), we then:

        #         visited = {node: False for node in all_roots}   # But we already did BFS, so we can use the color_arr to get the components.

        #         Actually, we did BFS for the entire graph (the bipartite graph) and recorded the color_arr.

        #         Then, we need to group the nodes by connected component.

        #         We can do:

        #             components = []
        #             visited_comp = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        #             for node in all_roots:
        #                 if not visited_comp[node]:
        #                     comp = []
        #                     stack = [node]
        #                     visited_comp[node] = True
        #                     while stack:
        #                         cur = stack.pop()
        #                         comp.append(cur)
        #                         for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
        #                             if not visited_comp[neighbor]:
        #                                 visited_comp[neighbor] = True
        #                                 stack.append(neighbor)
        #                     components.append(comp)

        #         Then, for each comp in components:
        #             part0 = [node for node in comp if color_arr[node]==0]
        #             part1 = [node for node in comp if color_arr[node]==1]
        #             option0_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part1)
        #             option1_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part0)
        #             if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
        #                 for node in comp:
        #                     best_color[j][node] = 0 if node in part0 else 1
        #             else:
        #                 for node in comp:
        #                     best_color[j][node] = 1 if node in part0 else 0

        #   But note: the graph_edges was built from the 1s conditions, so it only has edges from the bipartite graph. 

        #   And we did BFS on the bipartite graph to assign colors, so the components are the connected components of the bipartite graph.

        #   This is correct.

        #   Then, after processing bit j, we have an array best_color[j] for each node (same-component node) the assigned bit (0 or 1) for the j-th bit.

        #   But note: the same-component node is the root of the DSU for bit j.

        #   Then, for each node i (1 to N), the j-th bit of A_i is best_color[j][find(i)].

        #   But we need to store best_color for each bit j and for each node (1 to N). 

        #   We can have a 2D list: best_color = [[0]*(N+1) for _ in range(31)]

        #   Then, after processing bit j, for each node (same-component node) in the bipartite graph, we set best_color[j][node] = the chosen color.

        #   But note: the DSU for bit j: the parent array is built for nodes 1..N. The same-component node (root) is the representative.

        #   But the same-component node might be any node (the root). 

        #   Then, for node i (1 to N), the same-component node is find(i) (which is the root). 

        #   Then, the j-th bit of A_i is best_color[j][find(i)].

        #   But we must be careful: the DSU for bit j is built independently, so the parent array is for bit j. 

        #   We can store the best_color for each bit j separately.

        #   But then, the memory is 31 * (N+1) * sizeof(int) = 31 * 200001 * 4 / (10**6) = about 25 MB, acceptable.

        #   Then, after processing all bits (0 to 30), for each node i (1 to N):

        #       A_i = 0
        #       for j in range(31):
        #           bit_val = best_color[j][find(i, DSU_j)]   # But we need to run DSU for each bit j separately.

        #   But we did DSU for each bit j separately and stored best_color[j] for the roots.

        #   But we need to run DSU for each bit j separately. 

        #   But then, we need to store for each bit j the DSU's parent array and the best_color array.

        #   But we can store:

        #       dsu_parents[j] = parent array for bit j (length N+1)
        #       best_color[j] = array of length N+1 for the chosen color for the j-th bit.

        #   But then, after processing bit j, we can free the DSU parent array to save memory, but we need to keep best_color[j] because we need to compute A_i.

        #   Or we can compute A_i on the fly: for each node i, for each bit j, do:

        #       root = find(i, dsu_parents[j])   # but we need to store the parent array for each bit j.

        #   But storing 31 * (N+1) integers is 31*200001 = 6.2e6 integers, which is 25 MB, acceptable.

        #   But then, the overall memory is about 31 * (2 * N) = 12.4e6 integers, about 100 MB.

        #   Then, the final sequence A is:

        #       A = [0]*(N+1)
        #       for i from 1 to N:
        #           a = 0
        #           for j in range(31):
        #               root = find(i, dsu_parents[j])   # But we need to run DSU for each bit j separately. But we can store the parent array for each bit j and then do find(i, dsu_parents[j])
        #               bit_val = best_color[j][root]
        #               a += bit_val * (1 << j)
        #           A[i] = a

        #   But wait, the DSU for each bit j is independent, so we need to store the parent array for each bit j. 

        #   Alternatively, we can store for each node i and each bit j the root and the best_color. 

        #   But that is 31 * N = 6.2e6, which is acceptable.

        #   Actually, we can store:

        #       root_per_bit[i][j] = the root of node i in the DSU for bit j.
        #       color_per_bit[j][root] = the best_color for the same-component (root) for bit j.

        #   But then, for node i and bit j, the bit value is color_per_bit[j][root_per_bit[i][j]].

        #   But then, we need to store two 2D arrays: one for roots and one for colors.

        #   Or we can store a 2D array for each node i: the value for bit j is ... 

        #   But then, the memory is 31 * N, which is 6.2e6 integers.

        #   But we already have best_color[j] as an array of length N+1 (indexed by node, which is the same-component node). 

        #   And for node i, the same-component node is root = find(i) (in the DSU for bit j). 

        #   Then, we can do:

        #       A[i] = 0
        #       for j in range(31):
        #           root = find(i)  # using the DSU for bit j (which we stored in dsu_parents[j])
        #           bit_val = best_color[j][root]
        #           A[i] += bit_val * (1 << j)

        #   But we need to store dsu_parents[j] for each bit j.

        #   Alternatively, we can recompute the DSU for each bit j and then do find(i) for each bit j. 

        #   But then, we have to store the DSU parent array for each bit j.

        #   Given the constraints, we can store 31 * (N+1) integers for the parent arrays and 31 * (N+1) integers for the best_color arrays.

        #   Total memory: 62 * (N+1) integers = 62 * 200001 * 4 / (10**6) = 50 MB, acceptable.

        #   But then, the time to find(i) for each node i and each bit j is 31 * N * (cost of find). 

        #   The cost of find is nearly constant (DSU with path compression). 

        #   But we already built the DSU for each bit j and stored the parent array. 

        #   But we can store the parent array for each bit j and then do find(i) using that parent array.

        #   But note: the DSU for bit j is built from zeros[j] and then we did not change the parent array after. 

        #   Then, we can store:

        #       dsu_parents[j] = the parent array after building the DSU for bit j.

        #   Then, to find(i) for bit j, we need to do a find using dsu_parents[j]. 

        #   But the DSU find is recursive and path compression. 

        #   But we can store the parent array and then do a find function for that parent array.

        #   Alternatively, we can store for each node i and each bit j the root. 

        #   But then, we need 31 * N = 6.2e6 integers, which is acceptable.

        #   Or we can store for each bit j the parent array and then for each node i, store the root for bit j. 

        #   But then, we need 31 * N integers.

        #   Or we can compute the root for node i and bit j by doing find(i) on the parent array of bit j.

        #   But then, the total time is 31 * N * (amortized nearly constant) which is 31*200000 = 6.2e6, acceptable.

        #   So, we can do:

        #       for j in range(31):
        #           # Build DSU for bit j and store dsu_parents[j] and best_color[j]
        #           # Then, for each node i from 1 to N, do:
        #           root = find(i, dsu_parents[j])
        #           bit_val = best_color[j][root]
        #           A[i] += bit_val * (1 << j)

        #   But we need to write a find function that uses the parent array dsu_parents[j].

        #   But note: the DSU for bit j is built and then we don't change the parent array. 

        #   But the find function with path compression would change the parent array. 

        #   But we already built the DSU and then stored the parent array. 

        #   But the DSU build process (with union) already did path compression. 

        #   Actually, in the DSU build, we did path compression. 

        #   But then, the parent array is the final one. 

        #   But then, the find function for a node i in the parent array is:

        #       def find(x, parent):
        #           if parent[x] != x:
        #               parent[x] = find(parent[x], parent)
        #           return parent[x]

        #   But we stored the parent array, and then if we do find, we modify the parent array.

        #   But we cannot modify the parent array because we need it for the bipartite graph and for the final assignment.

        #   So, we should not do path compression during the final find. 

        #   Alternatively, we can store the final parent array (after DSU) and then do a find without path compression? 

        #   But the DSU build already did path compression. 

        #   Or we can store the final parent array and then do a find without path compression (just follow the parent pointers). 

        #   But the worst-case might be long chains.

        #   But the DSU build already compressed the paths, so the parent array is the forest in the compressed form.

        #   Then, we can do a find without path compression by:

        #       def find(x, parent):
        #           root = x
        #           while parent[root] != root:
        #               root = parent[root]
        #           return root

        #   But then, we don't modify parent.

        #   But the DSU build used union by rank and path compression. 

        #   But we stored the parent array after building the DSU. 

        #   Then, to find the root for node i, we can do a while loop.

        #   But the tree is already flattened by the DSU build (path compression). 

        #   But then, the parent array for a node might not be the direct parent, but the root.

        #   Actually, after DSU build with path compression, the parent array for a node is either the root or a node that is not the root? 

        #   Actually, in the DSU build, we did path compression, so the parent array for a node might point to an intermediate node.

        #   But then, to find the root, we must traverse until parent[x]==x.

        #   We can do:

        #       def find(x, parent):
        #           root = x
        #           while parent[root] != root:
        #               root = parent[root]
        #           return root

        #   This is the standard iterative find without path compression.

        #   But then, the time is the depth of the tree, which is O(1) because the DSU build already compressed the paths.

        #   Actually, the DSU build (with path compression) makes the parent array such that each node's parent is either the root or a node in the path to the root. 

        #   But then, the iterative find is necessary.

        #   But the depth is small because the DSU build did path compression.

        #   Or we can store for each bit j the final parent array (after DSU build) and then for each node i, the root is the final parent array's root.

        #   But the DSU build already did path compression, so the parent array for a node i is either the root or a node that is not the root. 

        #   Then, we must do a find to get the root.

        #   But then, we can store for each bit j the parent array and then for each node i, do:

        #       root = find(i, parent_array[j])

        #   with the iterative find.

        #   Then, the total time is 31 * N * (depth) which is 31 * 200000 * (small) = acceptable.

        #   But we can also store the root for each node i for bit j during the DSU build. 

        #   But then, we need 31 * N integers.

        #   Given the constraints, we can do either.

        #   I choose to store the parent array for each bit j and then do iterative find.

        #   But note: the DSU build for bit j is already done, and we stored the parent array. 

        #   Then, the final step:

        #       A = [0]*(N+1)
        #       for i in range(1, N+1):
        #           a_val = 0
        #           for j in range(31):
        #               # Get the parent array for bit j: dsu_parents[j]
        #               # Do find(i, dsu_parents[j]) to get the root.
        #               root = find(i, dsu_parents[j])   # iterative find without path compression (since we don't want to modify dsu_parents[j])
        #               bit_val = best_color[j][root]
        #               a_val += bit_val * (1 << j)
        #           A[i] = a_val

        #   Then, output A[1..N]

        #   But then, we need to store dsu_parents[j] for each bit j (31 arrays of length N+1).

        #   And best_color[j] for each bit j (31 arrays of length N+1).

        #   Then, the memory is 62 * (N+1) * sizeof(int) = 62 * 200001 * 4 / 1e6 = 50 MB.

        #   And the time is 31 * N * (depth) for find, which is 31 * 200000 * (amortized nearly constant) = 6.2e6 * (constant) = acceptable.

        #   But wait, the DSU build for each bit j: we did 31 * M operations (3.1e6) and then the final find is 31 * N * (depth) = 31 * 200000 * (small) = 6.2e6 * (small) = acceptable.

        #   But the overall complexity is about 31*(N + M) for the DSU and 31*N for the final find.

        #   This is acceptable.

        #   But note: the above is a high-level plan. 

        #   Let's write the code accordingly.

        #   However, there is a possibility that the same condition (x, y, z) is used in multiple bits, and the DSU for each bit j is built independently. 

        #   But that is correct.

        #   Let's hope.

        #   But note: the problem sample Input 1:

        #       3 2
        #       1 3 4
        #       1 2 3

        #   Let's do bit 0 (LSB):

        #       4 in binary: ...0, 3: ...1
        #       So, for bit0: 
        #           condition1: z=4 -> bit0=0 -> union(1,3)
        #           condition2: z=3 -> bit0=1 -> check: find(1) and find(2) -> initially, find(1)=1, find(2)=2 -> not same, ok.
        #       Then, build graph for bit0: edges from condition2: (1,2) -> edge between find(1) and find(2) (which are 1 and 2).

        #       Then, the bipartite graph has two nodes: 1 and 2, and an edge between them. 
        #       Then, the two parts are {1} and {2}. 
        #       Then, the set bits for the component is min( size[1] (which is 1, because node1 is in the same-component as node3? Wait, we did union(1,3) for bit0, so the same-component for node1 and node3 is the same. 

        #       But then, the same-component for node1 is the set {1,3} (size 2). For node2, it is {2} (size 1).

        #       Then, the bipartite graph has two nodes: node1 (root of {1,3}) and node2 (root of {2}).

        #       The edge is between node1 and node2.

        #       Then, the two options:

        #           Option0: node1=0, node2=1 -> set bits = size[node2] = 1
        #           Option1: node1=1, node2=0 -> set bits = size[node1] = 2

        #       Then, we choose option0: node1=0, node2=1.

        #       Then, for node1 and node3: the bit0 is 0.
        #       for node2: the bit0 is 1.

        #       Then, A[1] = 0, A[2]=1, A[3]=0 for bit0.

        #       But the sample solution is A=(0,3,4). 

        #       Let's check bit0 for sample solution:

        #           0: bit0=0
        #           3: bit0=1
        #           4: bit0=0

        #       So, node1:0, node2:1, node3:0 -> matches.

        #       Then, bit1:

        #           4: bit1=0 (binary 100), 3: bit1=1 (binary 11)
        #           For condition1 (4): bit1=0 -> union(1,3)
        #           For condition2 (3): bit1=1 -> check: find(1) and find(2): 1 and 2 (not same) -> ok.
        #           Then, graph: edge between find(1) and find(2) (1 and 2).
        #           Same-component for node1: {1,3} (size2), node2: {2} (size1).
        #           Then, set bits: min(1, 2) -> 1, so choose option0: node1=0, node2=1.
        #           Then, bit1: node1=0, node2=1, node3=0.

        #       Then, A[1]=0, A[2]=2, A[3]=0 for bit1.

        #       Then, bit2:

        #           4: bit2=1 (binary 100), 3: bit2=0 (binary 11)
        #           For condition1 (4): bit2=1 -> no union (because 0s condition). 
        #           For condition2 (3): bit2=0 -> union(1,2) -> but wait, condition2 has bit2=0, so union(1,2). 

        #           But wait, condition2 is (1,2,3) and bit2 of 3 is 0, so we union(1,2). 

        #           Then, after union(1,2), the same-component for node1 and node2 and node3? 

        #           But condition1: bit2=1 -> check: find(1) and find(3): if they are the same, then error.

        #           After union(1,2), the same-component for node1 is {1,2} (size2) and node3 is {3} (size1).

        #           Then, condition1: find(1) and find(3) are not the same -> ok.

        #           Then, build graph for bit2: edges from condition1 (bit2=1): (1,3) -> edge between find(1) (which is the root of {1,2}) and find(3) (root of {3}).

        #           Then, the bipartite graph has two nodes: node1 (representing {1,2}) and node3 (representing {3}).

        #           Then, the two options:

        #               Option0: node1=0, node3=1 -> set bits = size[node3]=1
        #               Option1: node1=1, node3=0 -> set bits = size[node1]=2

        #           Choose option0: node1=0, node3=1.

        #           Then, for node1,2: bit2=0, node3: bit2=1.

        #       Then, A[1] = 0 (bit0) + 0 (bit1) + 0 (bit2) = 0
        #            A[2] = 1 (bit0) + 2 (bit1) + 0 (bit2) = 3
        #            A[3] = 0 (bit0) + 0 (bit1) + 4 (bit2) = 4

        #       Which is the sample solution.

        #   So, it works.

        #   But note: the condition2 for bit2 was used as a 0s condition, so we did union(1,2). 

        #   But the sample input condition2 is (1,2,3) and bit2 of 3 is 0, so we unioned(1,2).

        #   But then, the condition1 for bit2 is (1,3,4) and bit2 of 4 is 1, so we checked that find(1) != find(3). 

        #   After union(1,2), find(1) is the root of {1,2} and find(3) is the root of {3} -> different.

        #   Then, it's correct.

        #   But then, the algorithm is correct.

        #   But the code is very long and we have to be careful.

        #   Let's write the code accordingly.

        #   But note: the above explanation is for the sample.

        #   Now, the code structure:

        #       import sys
        #       sys.setrecursionlimit(300000)

        #       def main():
        #           data = sys.stdin.read().split()
        #           if not data: return
        #           it = iter(data)
        #           n = int(next(it)); m = int(next(it))
        #           conditions = []
        #           for i in range(m):
        #               x = int(next(it)); y = int(next(it)); z = int(next(it))
        #               conditions.append((x, y, z))

        #           # Precompute for each bit j (0 to 30) the list of conditions (x, y) that are 0 and 1.
        #           zeros = [[] for _ in range(31)]
        #           ones = [[] for _ in range(31)]
        #           for (x, y, z) in conditions:
        #               for j in range(31):
        #                   if (z >> j) & 1:
        #                       ones[j].append((x, y))
        #                   else:
        #                       zeros[j].append((x, y))

        #           # We'll store for each bit j: dsu_parents[j] and best_color[j]
        #           # dsu_parents[j] is a list of length n+1 (0-indexed up to n)
        #           dsu_parents = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
        #           best_color = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]

        #           # We'll also need a find function that takes x and a parent array (without path compression) for the final step.
        #           def find(x, parent):
        #               # This find function is for a given parent array (without path compression)
        #               root = x
        #               while parent[root] != root:
        #                   root = parent[root]
        #               return root

        #           # But note: the DSU build for each bit j uses path compression, so we need a DSU build function that does path compression and stores the parent array.

        #           for j in range(31):
        #               # Build DSU for bit j
        #               parent = list(range(n+1))
        #               # We'll use a DSU with union by rank for efficiency, but not necessary for correctness.
        #               # But we'll do union by rank to keep the tree shallow.
        #               rank = [0]*(n+1)
        #               size = [1]*(n+1)  # size of the set

        #               # DSU functions: find and union
        #               def find_with_path(x):
        #                   if parent[x] != x:
        #                       parent[x] = find_with_path(parent[x])
        #                   return parent[x]

        #               def union(x, y):
        #                   rx = find_with_path(x)
        #                   ry = find_with_path(y)
        #                   if rx == ry:
        #                       return False
        #                   if rank[rx] < rank[ry]:
        #                       parent[rx] = ry
        #                       size[ry] += size[rx]
        #                   elif rank[rx] > rank[ry]:
        #                       parent[ry] = rx
        #                       size[rx] += size[ry]
        #                   else:
        #                       parent[ry] = rx
        #                       rank[rx] += 1
        #                       size[rx] += size[ry]
        #                   return True

        #               # Step 1: process zeros[j]
        #               for (x, y) in zeros[j]:
        #                   # Only union if not already in the same set? But union returns False if same.
        #                   union(x, y)

        #               # Step 2: check ones[j]
        #               for (x, y) in ones[j]:
        #                   if find_with_path(x) == find_with_path(y):
        #                       print(-1)
        #                       return

        #               # Step 3: build graph for ones[j]
        #               # First, get the parent array (after DSU build) for this bit j.
        #               # But we can use the parent array from the DSU build.
        #               # But we did path compression during the build, so the parent array is compressed.
        #               # We'll store this parent array in dsu_parents[j]
        #               dsu_parents[j] = parent[:]  # copy

        #               # Build a set of all roots (the parent of each node after DSU build)
        #               all_roots = set()
        #               for i in range(1, n+1):
        #                   all_roots.add(find_with_path(i))  # But find_with_path will modify parent? 

        #               # But we did path compression during the DSU build, so the parent array is already compressed.

        #               # But then, we can use the parent array to find the root for any node.

        #               # But we need to build a graph for the 1s conditions.

        #               # Build graph_edges: nodes are the distinct roots (all_roots), and edges from ones[j] (conditions) if the two nodes are in different roots.
        #               # But we already ensured in step 2 that for each condition (x, y) in ones[j], find_with_path(x) != find_with_path(y).

        #               # But we can use the parent array to get the root for x and y.

        #               graph_edges = {node: [] for node in all_roots}
        #               edges_set = set()

        #               for (x, y) in ones[j]:
        #                   rx = find_with_path(x)
        #                   ry = find_with_path(y)
        #                   if rx == ry:
        #                       # This should not happen, but skip.
        #                       continue
        #                   edge = (min(rx, ry), max(rx, ry))
        #                   edges_set.add(edge)

        #               # But we already ensured rx != ry, so no need to check again.

        #               for (u, v) in edges_set:
        #                   graph_edges[u].append(v)
        #                   graph_edges[v].append(u)

        #               # Now, we need to check if the graph is bipartite and then assign colors.

        #               # But the graph is built on the set of roots (all_roots). 

        #               # We'll do BFS/DFS on the graph.

        #               # First, we need to get the entire graph (nodes are all_roots, edges are graph_edges).

        #               # Then, do BFS for each connected component.

        #               visited_comp = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        #               color_arr = {node: -1 for node in all_roots}  # -1 means not colored

        #               from collections import deque
        #               for node in all_roots:
        #                   if not visited_comp[node]:
        #                       # BFS
        #                       queue = deque([node])
        #                       visited_comp[node] = True
        #                       color_arr[node] = 0
        #                       while queue:
        #                           cur = queue.popleft()
        #                           for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
        #                               if not visited_comp[neighbor]:
        #                                   visited_comp[neighbor] = True
        #                                   color_arr[neighbor] = 1 - color_arr[cur]
        #                                   queue.append(neighbor)
        #                               else:
        #                                   if color_arr[neighbor] == color_arr[cur]:
        #                                       print(-1)
        #                                       return

        #               # Now, we have color_arr for each node in all_roots.

        #               # But we need to group by connected components to compute the minimal set bits.

        #               # But the BFS already grouped by connected components.

        #               # Now, for each connected component, we have the color_arr for each node.

        #               # But the BFS was done for the entire graph, so we have the color_arr for each node.

        #               # Now, we need to compute the two options for each connected component.

        #               # But we did BFS for the entire graph, so we can iterate over all_roots and group by connected component.

        #               # We can use visited_comp to get the components.

        #               components = []
        #               visited_comp_tmp = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        #               for node in all_roots:
        #                   if not visited_comp_tmp[node]:
        #                       comp = []
        #                       stack = [node]
        #                       visited_comp_tmp[node] = True
        #                       while stack:
        #                           cur = stack.pop()
        #                           comp.append(cur)
        #                           for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
        #                               if not visited_comp_tmp[neighbor]:
        #                                   visited_comp_tmp[neighbor] = True
        #                                   stack.append(neighbor)
        #                       components.append(comp)

        #               # Now, for each component, compute the two options.
        #               # But we already have color_arr.

        #               best_color_arr = {}  # for this bit j, best_color for each node (same-component node)
        #               for comp in components:
        #                   part0 = []
        #                   part1 = []
        #                   for node in comp:
        #                       if color_arr[node] == 0:
        #                           part0.append(node)
        #                       else:
        #                           part1.append(node)
        #                   option0_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part1)  # size[node] is from the DSU build (the size array)
        #                   option1_set_bits = sum(size[node] for node in part0)
        #                   if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
        #                       chosen_color = 0
        #                   else:
        #                       chosen_color = 1

        #                   # But wait, we need to know the assignment for each node in the component.
        #                   # The assignment is: if chosen_color==0, then node is assigned 0 if it was 0 in the BFS, else 1.
        #                   # But the BFS gave a specific color. 

        #                   # Actually, the assignment is: for each node in the component, 
        #                   #   if chosen_color==0, then the assignment is the same as the BFS color.
        #                   #   if chosen_color==1, then the assignment is 1 - BFS color.

        #                   # But we can simply reassign.

        #                   for node in comp:
        #                       if chosen_color == 0:
        #                           best_color[j][node] = 0 if color_arr[node]==0 else 1
        #                       else:
        #                           best_color[j][node] = 1 if color_arr[node]==0 else 0

        #               # For nodes not in all_roots? But all_roots is the set of roots (same-components) that appeared in the DSU. 
        #               # But the DSU might have not included all nodes? No, the DSU is for nodes 1..n, and we did union for zeros[j] and then the parent array is built.

        #               # But the graph_edges only included nodes in all_roots (which is the set of roots that are the parent of some node). 

        #               # But we have best_color[j] for each node in all_roots.

        #               # But best_color[j] is defined for nodes 1..n+1 (index 0 unused). For nodes not in all_roots? 

        #               # Actually, all_roots is a subset of [1, n]. But the best_color[j] is defined for all nodes from 1 to n? 

        #               # No, we initialized best_color[j] as [0]*(n+1) and then only set for nodes in all_roots.

        #               # But for nodes not in all_roots, they are not present in the DSU? 

        #               # Actually, the DSU build (with zeros[j] and ones[j]) covers all nodes? 

        #               # Yes, because the conditions are given for nodes 1..n, and we did union for zeros[j] and then the parent array is built for all nodes.

        #               # But the all_roots set is the set of roots (each set's representative). 

        #               # Then, every node i (1..n) is in exactly one set, and its root is in all_roots.

        #               # But then, we have best_color[j][node] for every node in [1, n] (because we set for every node in all_roots, and all_roots includes all roots, and every node i has a root).

        #               # But wait, we did:

        #               #   for node in all_roots: set best_color[j][node] = ... 

        #               #   But the node is the same-component node (root), not the original node.

        #               #   And then, for node i (original), we need best_color[j][find(i)].

        #               #   But find(i) is the root, which is in all_roots.

        #               #   So, we have best_color[j][root] for the root.

        #               #   Then, for node i, we do:

        #               #       root_i = find(i)  (using the parent array stored in dsu_parents[j])
        #               #       bit_val = best_color[j][root_i]

        #               #   This is correct.

        #           # End for j

        #           # Then, build the sequence A.

        #           A = [0]*(n+1)
        #           for i in range(1, n+1):
        #               a_val = 0
        #               for j in range(31):
        #                   # Get the parent array for bit j: dsu_parents[j]
        #                   parent_arr = dsu_parents[j]
        #                   # Find the root for node i using parent_arr (iterative find)
        #                   root = find(i, parent_arr)  # This find function is the one we defined earlier (without path compression)
        #                   bit_val = best_color[j][root]
        #                   a_val += bit_val * (1 << j)
        #               A[i] = a_val

        #           # Output A[1..n]
        #           print(" ".join(map(str, A[1:])))

        #       except Exception as e:
        #           print(-1)

        #   But wait, the DSU build for each bit j used a find_with_path that does path compression and stores the parent array. Then, the parent array for bit j is stored in dsu_parents[j]. 

        #   But then, the final find (without path compression) is done on dsu_parents[j]. 

        #   But the DSU build already compressed the paths, so the parent array for bit j is the final one. 

        #   But then, the final find (iterative) is just to get the root (which is the same as the parent_arr[i] if parent_arr[i] is the root). 

        #   But the DSU build's find_with_path does path compression, so the parent_arr[j] is the compressed parent array.

        #   Then, the iterative find (without path compression) is just:

        #       def find(x, parent):
        #           root = x
        #           while parent[root] != root:
        #               root = parent[root]
        #           return root

        #   And that is correct.

        #   But note: the DSU build's find_with_path does path compression, so the parent array is not the same as the iterative find's parent array? 

        #   Actually, the DSU build's find_with_path does path compression, so it changes the parent array. 

        #   But we stored the parent array after the DSU build. 

        #   Then, the parent array for bit j is the final one (compressed). 

        #   Then, the iterative find (without path compression) is just following the parent pointers until root.

        #   But then, the final find is correct.

        #   But the sample worked.

        #   Let's hope.

        #   However, the above code is very long and might be slow in Python for 31*(N+M) operations.

        #   But 31*(200000+100000) = 31*300000 = 9.3e6, which is acceptable in Python.

        #   But note: the DSU build for each bit j: we did 31 * M (3.1e6) union operations, and each union is nearly constant (DSU with union by rank and path compression). 

        #   Then, the overall complexity is acceptable.

        #   But the above code is not complete because we did not store the size array for the DSU build for each bit j. 

        #   In the bipartite check, we need the size of the same-component for each node (which is stored in the DSU build's size array). 

        #   But we stored the parent array, not the size array. 

        #   We need to store the size array for each bit j as well.

        #   Or we can store the size during the final find? 

        #   But the size is the size of the same-component (the root's size). 

        #   We can store an array size_per_bit[j][node] = the size of the same-component for node in the DSU for bit j.

        #   But then, we need 31 * (n+1) integers.

        #   Or we can store during the DSU build for bit j the size array and then store it separately.

        #   We can store:

        #       dsu_parents[j] = parent array
        #       size_arr[j] = size array

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, we use size_arr[j][node] for the node (same-component node).

        #   But then, the memory is 2 * 31 * (n+1) = 12.4e6 integers, 100 MB.

        #   Or we can store the size only for the roots. 

        #   But the size is stored for each node in the DSU build. 

        #   We can store a separate array for the size for each bit j.

        #   But then, the memory is the same.

        #   Alternatively, during the DSU build for bit j, we can store the size only for the roots. 

        #   But then, we need to know the size for each node (same-component node) in the bipartite graph.

        #   But the same-component node is the root, and the size of the root is the size of the set.

        #   In the DSU build, we have an array size that is updated during union. 

        #   But then, after the DSU build, for a node i, the size is stored in the root's size. 

        #   But we stored the parent array. 

        #   We can store an array size_per_root[j][root] = the size of the set with that root.

        #   But then, we need to map node to root. 

        #   But we have the parent array, and then for a node i, the root is find(i) (using the parent array), and then the size is size_arr[root].

        #   But we stored the size_arr for the entire DSU build.

        #   But then, the memory is 31 * (n+1) for size_arr.

        #   Given the constraints, we can store it.

        #   But then, the final code is very long.

        #   Alternatively, we can store during the bipartite check the size of the same-component for a node (same-component node) by: 

        #       In the DSU build, we have an array size[]. 

        #       But then, after the DSU build, for a node i, the size of its same-component is size[find(i)].

        #       But we can compute it on the fly in the bipartite check using the parent array and the size array.

        #   But then, we need to store the size array for each bit j.

        #   Given the time, I'll store the size array for each bit j.

        #   So, in the DSU build for bit j, store:

        #       dsu_parents[j] = parent array
        #       dsu_size[j] = size array

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node].

        #   But wait, the size array is for the node index, and the node index might not be the root. 

        #   Actually, the size array is stored for each node, and the size of the set containing node i is dsu_size[find(i)].

        #   But we stored the size array for each node. 

        #   But then, we can store dsu_size[j] = size array (length n+1).

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node] (which is the size of the set that node is in).

        #   But then, the memory is 31 * (n+1) * 2 = 12.4e6 integers.

        #   Let's do it.

        #   But note: the DSU build for bit j: we have a size array that is updated during union.

        #   We'll store dsu_parents[j] and dsu_size[j].

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node].

        #   But wait, the size array is stored for each node, and the size of the set is stored in the root. 

        #   Actually, no: in the DSU build, we did:

        #       size[rx] += size[ry]   (if rx becomes parent of ry)

        #   But then, the size array for non-root nodes is not updated? 

        #   Actually, the size array in the DSU build is typically only for the root. 

        #   But in our DSU build, we did:

        #       size[rx] += size[ry]   (if rx becomes parent of ry)

        #   And then, the size of the set containing node i is size[find(i)].

        #   But we stored the size array for each node. 

        #   But then, we can simply use dsu_size[j][find(i)] for the size of the set containing i.

        #   But then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node] (because node is the root, so dsu_size[j][node] is the size of the set).

        #   Because in the DSU build, we did not update the size for non-root nodes.

        #   So, for a node i, the size of its set is dsu_size[j][find(i)].

        #   But we stored dsu_size[j] for each node. 

        #   But then, we can compute the size for a same-component node (root) as dsu_size[j][node].

        #   But wait, in the DSU build, we only updated the size for the root. 

        #   In our union function, we did:

        #       if rx == ry: return
        #       if rank[rx] < rank[ry]:
        #           parent[rx] = ry
        #           size[ry] += size[rx]
        #       elif rank[ry] < rank[rx]:
        #           parent[ry] = rx
        #           size[rx] += size[ry]
        #       else:
        #           parent[ry] = rx
        #           size[rx] += size[ry]
        #           rank[rx] += 1

        #   This updates the size of the new root.

        #   Then, for a node i, the size of its set is size[find(i)].

        #   But we stored the size array for each node. 

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node].

        #   But node is the root, so dsu_size[j][node] is the size of the set.

        #   So, we can use it.

        #   But then, in the bipartite check, we need to store dsu_size[j] for each bit j.

        #   So, let's store:

        #       dsu_parents[j] = parent array (after DSU build)
        #       dsu_size[j] = size array (after DSU build)

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node].

        #   But wait, the size array is stored for each node, but only the root's size is updated. 

        #   Actually, no: the size array for non-root nodes is not updated. 

        #   But we did not use the size array for non-root nodes. 

        #   In the bipartite check, we only need the size of the same-component (the set) for the node (which is the root). 

        #   But the node in the bipartite graph is the root, so dsu_size[j][node] is the size of the set.

        #   But wait, the DSU build's size array is only updated for the root. 

        #   So, for a node i, the size of its set is dsu_size[j][find(i)].

        #   But in the bipartite graph, the node is the root, so for a node (same-component node) `node`, the size is dsu_size[j][node].

        #   Yes.

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, we can use dsu_size[j][node] for the size of the same-component node `node`.

        #   But then, we need to store dsu_size[j] for each bit j.

        #   So, we'll store:

        #       dsu_parents = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
        #       dsu_size = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
        #       best_color = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]

        #   Then, in the DSU build for bit j, we store dsu_parents[j] and dsu_size[j] (the size array).

        #   Then, in the bipartite check, we use dsu_size[j][node] for the size of the same-component node `node`.

        #   But note: the DSU build's size array is the one we built during the union.

        #   Then, the code is:

        #       for j in range(31):
        #           parent = list(range(n+1))
        #           rank = [0]*(n+1)
        #           size = [1]*(n+1)  # size of the set
        #           # DSU functions: find and union
        #           def find_with_path(x):
        #               if parent[x] != x:
        #                   parent[x] = find_with_path(parent[x])
        #               return parent[x]
        #           def union(x, y):
        #               rx = find_with_path(x)
        #               ry = find_with_path(y)
        #               if rx == ry:
        #                   return False
        #               if rank[rx] < rank[ry]:
        #                   parent[rx] = ry
        #                   size[ry] += size[rx]
        #               elif rank[rx] > rank[ry]:
        #                   parent[ry] = rx
        #                   size[rx] += size[ry]
        #               else:
        #                   parent[ry] = rx
        #                   size[rx] += size[ry]
        #                   rank[rx] += 1
        #               return True

        #           # ... [process zeros[j]] ...

        #           dsu_parents[j] = parent[:]  # copy
        #           dsu_size[j] = size[:]  # copy

        #   Then, in the bipartite check:

        #           option0_set_bits = sum(dsu_size[j][node] for node in part1)

        #   This is correct.

        #   But then, the memory is 3 * 31 * (n+1) = 186 * 200000 = 37.2e6 integers, 150 MB, which is acceptable.

        #   Given the time and complexity, this is the final plan.

        #   Let's write the code accordingly.

        #   Note: The above code is for educational purposes and might be slow in Python for the worst-case, but the problem constraints are 200,000 and 100,000, and 31*(200000+100000) is 9.3e6, which is acceptable.

        #   Let's hope.

        #   But note: the sample Input 2: 3 3 ... should return -1.

        #   Let's test with sample Input 2.

        #   Sample Input 2:

        #       3 3
        #       1 3 4
        #       1 2 3
        #       2 3 5

        #   Conditions: 
        #       (1,3,4), (1,2,3), (2,3,5)

        #   For bit0:
        #       4: bit0=0 -> union(1,3)
        #       3: bit0=1 -> check: find(1) and find(2): 1 and 2 -> not same.
        #       5: bit0=1 -> check: find(2) and find(3): 2 and the set of 1,3 -> not same.
        #       Then, build graph: edges from (1,2) and (2,3) (bit0=1) -> edge between find(1) and find(2) and between find(2) and find(3).
        #       Then, the graph is a chain: 1-2-3, which is bipartite.
        #   For bit1:
        #       4: bit1=0 -> union(1,3) (already done)
        #       3: bit1=1 -> check: find(1) and find(2): 1 and 2 -> not same.
        #       5: bit1=0 -> union(2,3) -> but 2 and 3 are already in the same set? 
        #           After bit0, we had union(1,3) -> sets: {1,3} and {2}. 
        #           Then, for bit1, condition5: (2,3) with bit1=0 -> union(2,3). 
        #           Then, the sets become {1,2,3}. 
        #           Then, condition3: (1,2) with bit1=1 -> check: find(1) and find(2) are the same -> error.

        #   So, bit1: condition3: (1,2,3) has bit1=1, but after union(2,3) in bit1, find(1)==find(2) -> error.

        #   So, we return -1.

        #   This is correct.

        #   Therefore, the code is as follows.

        #   Note: We must be careful with the indices (nodes are 1-indexed).

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Due to the complexity and length, I'll write the code in the following way.

        #   Note: This is a complete solution.

        #   Let's code accordingly.

        #   IMPORTANT: We must use 31 bits (0 to 30) because z can be up to 10^9.

        #   But 2^30 is about 1e9, so 31 bits (0 to 30) is enough.

        #   Let's code.

        #   We'll use sys.stdin and sys.stdout.

        #   We'll use a deque for BFS.

        #   We'll use iterative find without path compression for the final step.

        #   We'll store dsu_parents, dsu_size, and best_color for each bit j.

        #   We'll use a function for find (without path compression) for the final step.

        #   But note: the final find is on the parent array that is the result of the DSU build (which is compressed). 

        #   The iterative find is just to get the root.

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Due to the length, I'll write it carefully.

        #   If there is time, we can optimize, but the complexity is acceptable.

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Note: We must not output anything besides the answer or -1.

        #   We'll use:

        #       import sys
        #       from collections import deque

        #   And then the code.

        #   Let's go.

        #   Note: This is a complete solution. 

        #   But note: the above explanation is for the sample and the logic.

        #   Now, the code:

        #   (Note: The code below is the implementation.)

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   IMPORTANT: The following code is the solution.

        #   We'll use sys.setrecursionlimit if necessary, but BFS is iterative.

        #   Let's hope.

        #   Note: We must not use too much memory.

        #   Given the constraints, 150 MB is acceptable.

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Note: This is a very long code, but it's a complete solution.

        #   If there are any off-by-1 errors, we'll fix them.

        #   Let's go.

        #   (Note: The following code is the solution.)

        #   IMPORTANT: We must not output anything besides the answer or -1.

        #   We'll use:

        #       import sys
        #       from collections import deque

        #   And then the main function.

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Note: The problem might have no conditions (M=0), then we simply output all zeros.

        #   But the above code should handle M=0.

        #   Let's test with N=3, M=0: then for each bit j, no zeros or ones conditions, so the DSU is each node separate, and then the bipartite graph is no edges, so each node is its own component and we assign 0 to minimize.

        #   Then, the sequence is all zeros.

        #   Which is correct.

        #   Let's write the code.

        #   Due to the complexity, we'll write it in the following structure.

        #   (Note: The code is below)

        #   But note: the above explanation is for the sample and the logic.

        #   Now, the code:

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine if there exists a sequence of non-negative integers \( A \) of length \( N \) such that for every given condition \( (X_i, Y_i, Z_i) \), the XOR of \( A_{X_i} \) and \( A_{Y_i} \) equals \( Z_i \). If such a sequence exists, we need to find one that minimizes the sum of its elements. If no such sequence exists, we should return -1.

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The problem can be modeled using graph theory where each node represents an element in the sequence \( A \), and each condition \( (X_i, Y_i, Z_i) \) represents an edge between nodes \( X_i \) and \( Y_i \) with a weight \( Z_i \). The XOR condition translates to specific constraints on the bits of the sequence elements.

2. **Bitwise Breakdown**: For each bit position (0 to 30), we independently check if the conditions can be satisfied. This involves:
   - **Union-Find Data Structure (DSU)**: For each bit, we use DSU to group nodes that must have the same bit value (based on conditions where the bit in \( Z_i \) is 0).
   - **Bipartite Graph Check**: For conditions where the bit in \( Z_i \) is 1, we ensure that the connected nodes in the DSU are in different sets. We then build a bipartite graph where nodes are the DSU sets, and edges represent conditions requiring different bit values. The graph must be bipartite to have a valid solution.

3. **Minimizing Sum**: For each bit, we determine the minimal number of nodes that must have that bit set to 1 by choosing the bipartite graph coloring that minimizes the sum. The final sequence \( A \) is constructed by combining the bits from all positions.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); m = int(next(it))
    conditions = []
    for i in range(m):
        x = int(next(it)); y = int(next(it)); z = int(next(it))
        conditions.append((x, y, z))
    
    if m == 0:
        print(" ".join(["0"] * n))
        return

    zeros = [[] for _ in range(31)]
    ones = [[] for _ in range(31)]
    for (x, y, z) in conditions:
        for j in range(31):
            if (z >> j) & 1:
                ones[j].append((x, y))
            else:
                zeros[j].append((x, y))
                
    dsu_parents = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
    dsu_size = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
    best_color = [[0]*(n+1) for _ in range(31)]
    
    def find_without_path(x, parent):
        root = x
        while parent[root] != root:
            root = parent[root]
        return root

    for j in range(31):
        parent = list(range(n+1))
        rank = [0]*(n+1)
        size = [1]*(n+1)
        
        def find_with_path(x):
            if parent[x] != x:
                parent[x] = find_with_path(parent[x])
            return parent[x]
        
        def union(x, y):
            rx = find_with_path(x)
            ry = find_with_path(y)
            if rx == ry:
                return False
            if rank[rx] < rank[ry]:
                parent[rx] = ry
                size[ry] += size[rx]
            elif rank[rx] > rank[ry]:
                parent[ry] = rx
                size[rx] += size[ry]
            else:
                parent[ry] = rx
                size[rx] += size[ry]
                rank[rx] += 1
            return True
        
        for (x, y) in zeros[j]:
            union(x, y)
            
        for (x, y) in ones[j]:
            if find_with_path(x) == find_with_path(y):
                print(-1)
                return
                
        dsu_parents[j] = parent[:]
        dsu_size[j] = size[:]
        
        all_roots = set()
        for i in range(1, n+1):
            root_i = find_with_path(i)
            all_roots.add(root_i)
            
        graph_edges = {}
        for node in all_roots:
            graph_edges[node] = []
            
        edges_set = set()
        for (x, y) in ones[j]:
            rx = find_with_path(x)
            ry = find_with_path(y)
            if rx == ry:
                continue
            edge = (min(rx, ry), max(rx, ry))
            edges_set.add(edge)
            
        for (u, v) in edges_set:
            graph_edges[u].append(v)
            graph_edges[v].append(u)
            
        visited_comp = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        color_arr = {node: -1 for node in all_roots}
        for node in all_roots:
            if not visited_comp[node]:
                queue = deque([node])
                visited_comp[node] = True
                color_arr[node] = 0
                while queue:
                    cur = queue.popleft()
                    for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
                        if not visited_comp[neighbor]:
                            visited_comp[neighbor] = True
                            color_arr[neighbor] = 1 - color_arr[cur]
                            queue.append(neighbor)
                        else:
                            if color_arr[neighbor] == color_arr[cur]:
                                print(-1)
                                return

        components = []
        visited_comp_tmp = {node: False for node in all_roots}
        for node in all_roots:
            if not visited_comp_tmp[node]:
                stack = [node]
                visited_comp_tmp[node] = True
                comp = []
                while stack:
                    cur = stack.pop()
                    comp.append(cur)
                    for neighbor in graph_edges[cur]:
                        if not visited_comp_tmp[neighbor]:
                            visited_comp_tmp[neighbor] = True
                            stack.append(neighbor)
                components.append(comp)
                
        for comp in components:
            part0 = []
            part1 = []
            for node in comp:
                if color_arr[node] == 0:
                    part0.append(node)
                else:
                    part1.append(node)
                    
            option0_set_bits = sum(dsu_size[j][node] for node in part1)
            option1_set_bits = sum(dsu_size[j][node] for node in part0)
            
            if option0_set_bits <= option1_set_bits:
                chosen_color = 0
            else:
                chosen_color = 1
                
            for node in comp:
                if chosen_color == 0:
                    best_color[j][node] = 0 if color_arr[node] == 0 else 1
                else:
                    best_color[j][node] = 1 if color_arr[node] == 0 else 0
                    
    A = [0]*(n+1)
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        a_val = 0
        for j in range(31):
            parent_arr = dsu_parents[j]
            root = find_without_path(i, parent_arr)
            bit_val = best_color[j][root]
            a_val += bit_val * (1 << j)
        A[i] = a_val
        
    print(" ".join(map(str, A[1:n+1])))
    
if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Reading Input**: The input is read and parsed into integers \( N \), \( M \), and the list of conditions.
2. **Bitwise Processing**: For each bit position (0 to 30), the conditions are separated into those requiring the same bit value (0 in \( Z_i \)) and those requiring different bit values (1 in \( Z_i \)).
3. **Union-Find (DSU)**: For each bit, DSU is used to group nodes that must have the same bit value. This helps in identifying connected components and ensuring consistency across conditions.
4. **Bipartite Graph Check**: A bipartite graph is constructed where nodes represent DSU sets, and edges represent conditions requiring different bit values. The graph must be bipartite to ensure a valid solution exists.
5. **Minimal Sum Calculation**: For each bit, the minimal number of nodes with that bit set to 1 is determined by choosing the bipartite graph coloring that minimizes the sum. The final sequence \( A \) is built by combining the bits from all positions.
6. **Output**: The sequence \( A \) is printed if a valid solution exists; otherwise, -1 is printed. 

This approach efficiently checks for the existence of a solution and constructs the minimal sum sequence by leveraging bitwise operations and graph theory.