=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a tree with N vertices numbered 1 to N. The i-th edge connects vertices A_i and B_i.
Consider a tree that can be obtained by removing some (possibly zero) edges and vertices from this graph. Find the minimum number of vertices in such a tree that includes all of K specified vertices V_1,\ldots,V_K.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N K
A_1 B_1
\vdots
A_{N-1} B_{N-1}
V_1 \ldots V_K

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 1 \leq K \leq N \leq 2\times 10^5
- 1 \leq A_i,B_i \leq N
- 1 \leq V_1 < V_2 < \ldots < V_K \leq N
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

7 3
1 2
1 3
2 4
2 5
3 6
3 7
1 3 5

Sample Output 1

4

The given tree is shown on the left in the figure below. The tree with the minimum number of vertices that includes all of vertices 1,3,5 is shown on the right.

Sample Input 2

4 4
3 1
1 4
2 1
1 2 3 4

Sample Output 2

4

Sample Input 3

5 1
1 4
2 3
5 2
1 2
1

Sample Output 3

1

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 Okay, we are given a tree and a set of K specified vertices. We want the smallest connected subgraph (which is also a tree) that includes all the specified vertices.

 Observation:
 The smallest connected subgraph that includes a set of vertices in a tree is called the Steiner tree for that set. However, note that the problem is asking for the minimum number of vertices.

 Alternate approach:
 We can think of the problem as: remove some vertices and edges so that the remaining graph is connected and contains all the K specified vertices, and we want to minimize the number of vertices (i.e., maximize the removal).

 However, note that the sample input 1: 
   Tree: 7 nodes, edges as given, and K=3 with vertices {1,3,5}. The answer is 4.

 We can also consider: the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is actually the union of the simple paths between every pair of required vertices, but then we have to merge them.

 But note: In a tree, the Steiner tree for a set of nodes is the smallest connected subgraph that contains all the nodes. It is unique and can be found by repeatedly taking the minimal paths and merging.

 However, note that the problem does not require the entire Steiner tree to be the answer, but the number of vertices in the minimal Steiner tree.

 Steps:

 1. We are given a tree and a set of terminals (K required vertices).

 2. We can use the following idea: 
    - The minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the minimal paths between every pair of terminals, but then we remove redundant parts.

 3. Actually, a well-known method for Steiner tree in trees is to use the following:

    a. Consider the set of terminals. We can build a binary tree (or a topology) of the terminals by repeatedly finding the centroid (or using a method of merging the closest pairs).

 4. Alternatively, we can use the concept of the minimal Steiner tree in a tree being the union of the simple paths between the terminals, but then we can merge the overlapping parts.

 5. There is a known fact: the Steiner tree in a tree is the minimal tree that contains all the terminals. And the number of vertices is (number of edges in the Steiner tree) + 1.

 6. But note: we are only counting the vertices.

 7. Another idea: the minimal Steiner tree must include the minimal set of edges that connects all terminals. In a tree, the Steiner tree can be constructed by:

    - First, we can root the tree arbitrarily and then use LCA to compute the paths.

 8. However, note that the problem is equivalent to: what is the minimal number of vertices we can keep such that the set of terminals is connected and the graph is connected?

 9. We can also think in terms of: we must keep the entire paths between every two terminals? But that would be too many.

 10. Actually, the minimal Steiner tree in a tree can be built by:

     a. Start with the set of terminals.

     b. Then, repeatedly, for each terminal, we can "grow" a Steiner node until we meet another terminal or a previously grown Steiner node.

 11. Alternatively, we can use the following method:

     - We can consider the minimal Steiner tree as the union of the simple paths between the terminals, but then we can remove the parts that are not necessary.

     - Actually, the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the simple paths between every two terminals, but then we remove the cycles (but trees don't have cycles) and we merge the paths.

 12. There is a standard way: 

     Step 1: Build a new tree that contains all the terminals. Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all the terminals.

     Step 2: This minimal subtree is called the Steiner subtree.

 13. How to compute the Steiner subtree?

     We can use the following:

        a. Let T be the set of terminals.

        b. We can compute the minimal subtree that spans T by:

            - For each terminal, we can compute the set of edges that lie on the path from the terminal to the centroid (or root) but then we need to merge.

        c. Actually, we can use the following algorithm:

            i. First, we can mark all the terminals.

            ii. Then, we can do a BFS/DFS to compute the distance from each terminal? 

        d. Another method: 

            - We can use the idea of "virtual tree" (also known as the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                1. Compute the least common ancestors (LCAs) for the terminals.

                2. Then, the Steiner tree is the union of the paths between the terminals, but then we must remove the parts that are not necessary.

        e. Actually, we can use the following:

            - The minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the minimal paths between consecutive terminals when the terminals are arranged in a line (in the tree). 

        f. But note: the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the minimal paths between every two adjacent terminals in the tree? 

        g. Actually, we can use the following known fact: 

            The minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, but then we remove the redundant edges. The number of edges in the Steiner tree is (sum of the distances from each terminal to the centroid) but that is not exactly.

 14. Actually, a standard solution for the Steiner tree in a tree is:

        - The minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all the terminals.

        - To compute the minimal Steiner tree, we can:

            a. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by considering the following:

                Let F be the set of terminals.

                Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between every two consecutive terminals when we arrange the terminals along the tree.

            b. Steps:

                i. We can compute the diameter of the set of terminals? Not exactly.

            c. We can use the following method:

                1. Compute the pairwise distances between all terminals? But K can be up to 200000, so that is too expensive.

            d. Instead, we can use the following:

                We can build a tree that only contains the terminals and the necessary Steiner points (the nodes that are on the paths between terminals). 

            e. There is a known efficient algorithm for the Steiner tree in trees:

                - Step 1: Build a tree that contains all the terminals. We can do:

                    a. For each terminal, we can mark it.

                    b. Then, we can traverse the original tree and only keep the edges that are on the paths between the terminals.

                - Step 2: The minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree of the original tree that contains all terminals.

                - How to extract that? 

                    We can use the following:

                    1. For each terminal, we can compute the set of edges that lie on the path from the terminal to the "center" of the set.

                    2. Alternatively, we can use the method of "virtual tree" (also known as the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                        a. Compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                            - Start with the set of terminals.

                            - Then, for each terminal, we can "grow" a Steiner node until we meet another terminal or a previously grown Steiner node.

                    3. Or, we can use the following simpler idea:

                        We can use the concept of "union-find" to merge the paths? But we need the minimal connected subgraph.

            f. Efficient method:

                We can use the following:

                Let T be the set of terminals.

                Step 1: Compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                    a. Build a new graph (or use the original) and then:

                    b. We can use the idea of "virtual tree" (also known as the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                        1. Compute the LCA (lowest common ancestor) for all pairs of terminals? That is too expensive.

                    c. Instead, we can use the following:

                        1. We can mark all the terminals.

                        2. Then, we can do a DFS to compute parent pointers and depths, then for each terminal, we can mark the entire path from the terminal to the root? 

                    d. Then, the Steiner tree is the minimal connected subgraph that contains all the marked nodes (terminals). But note: we don't need to keep the entire path from a terminal to the root, only the parts that connect the terminals.

            g. There is a known algorithm: 

                - Step 1: For each terminal, we can store the path from the terminal to a root (say root one of the terminals) but then we can use a union of paths.

            h. Another idea: 

                - The minimal Steiner tree must be the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, but then we can remove the edges that are not necessary.

                - We can use the following: 

                    Let S be the set of terminals.

                    We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                    1. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by considering the following:

                        a. The Steiner tree must contain the entire path between every two terminals? No, because the Steiner tree can use a common part.

                    2. Actually, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, but then we merge the common edges.

            i. We can use the following method:

                - We can use a method similar to building an MST for the complete graph of terminals, but the edges are the distances in the tree.

                - But note: in a tree, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, but then we can use the following:

                    We can use the following greedy method:

                    1. Start with the set of terminals.

                    2. Then, we can connect the closest two terminals by the path between them, and then merge the two components (the two terminals become one, and the path between them is kept). Then, we repeat until all terminals are connected.

                - However, the number of terminals can be large (up to 200000) and the distance between two terminals is the sum of edge weights (which are 1) in the tree, and the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the union of the minimal edges that connect the terminals.

            j. But note: the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is actually the minimal tree that contains all the terminals, and it is unique.

            k. There is a standard algorithm for the Steiner tree in a tree (since the graph is a tree) that runs in O(n) or O(n log n). 

        15. Standard solution:

            We can use the following:

            Step 1: Build a tree from the given edges.

            Step 2: We can use the following method:

                a. Let T be the set of terminals.

                b. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                    i. Compute the minimal Steiner tree by first building a "virtual tree" (also called the Steiner tree) from the terminals.

                    ii. Steps for building the virtual tree:

                        1. Compute the pairwise distances between the terminals. But that is O(K^2) which is too slow.

                    iii. Alternatively, we can use the following:

                        We can use the method of "merging" the terminals by their closest pair.

            l. Actually, there is a well-known linear-time algorithm for the Steiner tree in a tree:

                Algorithm:

                1. We can use the following:

                    Let F be an empty set.

                    Let S be the set of terminals.

                    While S is not empty:

                        a. Let x be the terminal with the smallest "key" (or the one that is closest to the current set).

                        b. Then, we can mark the entire path from x to the current set (which initially is empty, then becomes the set of Steiner nodes).

                    However, we don't know the current set.

            m. Another standard method:

                We can use the following:

                - Step 1: Compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                    a. First, compute the minimal Steiner tree by considering the following:

                        1. We can use the following: the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, but then we remove the edges that are not necessary.

                    b. We can use the following algorithm from known competitive programming resources:

                        1. Let T be the set of terminals.

                        2. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                            a. Mark all the terminals.

                            b. Then, we can do a BFS from all terminals simultaneously (multi-source BFS) to compute the distance to the nearest terminal and the parent.

                        3. Then, we can traverse the tree and keep an edge if it is part of the minimal Steiner tree? 

                    But note: the minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals. 

                - Step 2: We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                    a. Let S be the set of terminals.

                    b. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                        1. We can use the following: 

                            Let R be the set of edges that are used in the minimal Steiner tree.

                            We can use the following: 

                                For each edge, if removing the edge disconnects the set of terminals, then the edge is in the Steiner tree.

                        2. But that is the definition of a Steiner tree: the set of edges that are necessary to keep the graph connected and containing all terminals.

                    However, note: the minimal Steiner tree is the minimal connected subgraph that contains all terminals, so the edges that are bridges (with respect to the set of terminals) must be included.

                - Step 3: The minimal Steiner tree is the set of edges that are bridges for the set of terminals. But in a tree, the Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between the terminals, and we can compute it by:

                    a. We can use the following: 

                        Let T be the set of terminals.

                        We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                            i. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by considering the following:

                                We can use the following method:

                                    1. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                        a. We can use the following: 

                                            Let F be the set of edges that are necessary.

                                            For each edge (u, v) (with weight 1) in the tree, if the removal of the edge disconnects the set of terminals (i.e., there are terminals in both components) then the edge is in the Steiner tree.

                                        b. Then, the Steiner tree is the union of all such edges.

                            ii. But note: the Steiner tree must be connected and contain all terminals, and this condition is necessary and sufficient.

                    However, the problem is that the number of edges in the Steiner tree is the number of edges that separate the set of terminals.

                - Step 4: The number of vertices in the Steiner tree is the number of edges in the Steiner tree plus one.

                But note: the Steiner tree is a tree, so if we have E edges then we have E+1 vertices.

                However, we are counting the vertices. But note: the Steiner tree is a subgraph of the original tree, and it is a tree. So the number of vertices is the number of edges in the Steiner tree plus one.

                But wait: the Steiner tree might not include all the original vertices, so we are counting the vertices that are included.

                Actually, the Steiner tree is defined as the minimal connected subgraph that contains all terminals. In a tree, the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals.

                How to compute the minimal subtree that contains all terminals?

                    We can do:

                    1. Find the minimal set of edges that are necessary: the edges that are bridges for the set of terminals.

                    2. Then, the Steiner tree is the union of these edges and the vertices that are incident to these edges.

                But note: the Steiner tree must be connected, so the set of vertices is the set of vertices that lie on the paths between the terminals.

                We can compute the set of vertices by:

                    a. Let S be the set of terminals.

                    b. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                        i. We can use the following: 

                            Let F be the set of vertices that are on the paths between the terminals.

                        ii. We can compute F by:

                            a. For each terminal, we mark the entire path from the terminal to the "center" (which is the minimal subtree). 

                        iii. Alternatively, we can use the following:

                            We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                1. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                    a. We can use the method of "virtual tree" (also called the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                                        - We can compute the LCA (lowest common ancestor) for the entire set of terminals.

                                        - Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between consecutive terminals in the tree.

                16. Efficient algorithm:

                    We can use the following:

                    Step 1: Preprocess the tree for LCA (to compute distances between nodes).

                    Step 2: We can use the following method:

                        a. We can consider the set of terminals and then build a new tree that is the minimal Steiner tree.

                    However, note that the constraints are up to 200000, so we need an efficient method.

                17. There is a known efficient algorithm for the Steiner tree in a tree:

                    We can use the following:

                    - Step 1: Compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                        a. We can use the following: 

                            Let T be the set of terminals.

                            We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                i. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                    - We can use the following: 

                                        Let F be the set of edges that are necessary.

                                        We can use the following: 

                                            For each edge, if the removal of the edge disconnects the set of terminals, then the edge is necessary.

                                        But how to check that quickly?

                                        We can use the following:

                                            - We can mark all the terminals.

                                            - Then, for each edge, we can check if there are terminals in both sides. 

                                        But the tree has N-1 edges, and we can do a BFS/DFS to label the connected components after removing an edge? That would be O(N) per edge, which is O(N^2) overall.

                    - Step 2: We need a better way.

                18. We can use the following method:

                    a. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                        i. First, we can compute the minimal Steiner tree by considering the following:

                            We can use the following: 

                                Let T be the set of terminals.

                                We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                    1. We can use the method of "virtual tree" (also called the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                                        a. Compute the LCA for the entire set of terminals.

                                        b. Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of the minimal paths between the consecutive terminals when the terminals are arranged along the tree.

                        ii. Actually, we can use the following:

                            We can use the following algorithm:

                                1. Let T be the set of terminals.

                                2. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                    a. We can use the following: 

                                        Let R be the set of vertices that are required.

                                        We can do:

                                            - Compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                                i. We can use the following: 

                                                    Let F be the set of vertices that are the terminals.

                                                    Then, we can add the following: 

                                                        - For each terminal, we can "propagate" until we meet another terminal.

                                                ii. We can use a method similar to the one for building the minimal spanning tree in a tree.

                19. Actually, there is a known linear algorithm:

                    We can use the following:

                    Step 1: Root the tree arbitrarily (say at node 1).

                    Step 2: Compute parent and depth arrays, and also the heavy path decomposition (if needed) but we can do without.

                    Step 3: We can use the following:

                        Let T be the set of terminals.

                        We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                            a. We can use the following: 

                                The minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals.

                            b. We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                i. We can use the following: 

                                    Let F be the set of vertices that are the terminals.

                                    Then, we can do:

                                        1. We can use a DFS to compute the following:

                                            - For each vertex, we can compute the number of terminals in its subtree.

                                        2. Then, we can do a second DFS to "collect" the terminals and build the Steiner tree.

                            c. However, note: the minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals. 

                            d. We can compute it by:

                                i. We can mark all the terminals.

                                ii. Then, we can do a DFS to compute the minimal Steiner tree:

                                    - We can use the following: 

                                        We can use a method called "virtual tree" (also known as the minimal Steiner tree) by:

                                            a. We can build a tree that contains only the vertices that are on the paths between the terminals.

                                        Steps for building the virtual tree:

                                            - We can compute the LCA for the set of terminals.

                                            - Then, we can use the following: 

                                                Let S be the set of terminals.

                                                We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                                    1. We can use the following: 

                                                        We can build a tree that is the union of the simple paths between every two terminals, but then we merge the common parts.

                                                This is known as the "Steiner tree" in trees.

                                        However, building the entire Steiner tree explicitly is not necessary, we only need the number of vertices.

                            e. We can use the following: 

                                The number of vertices in the Steiner tree is the number of vertices that lie on the union of the simple paths between every two terminals.

                            f. We can compute the number of vertices by:

                                Let F be the set of vertices that are included.

                                Then, the number of vertices is the number of vertices that are either:

                                    - A terminal, or 
                                    - A vertex that lies on the path between two terminals.

                            g. We can use the following method:

                                i. We can use the following: 

                                    Let T be the set of terminals.

                                    We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                        1. We can use the following: 

                                            Let F be the set of edges that are necessary.

                                            For each edge, if the two sides of the edge have at least one terminal, then the edge is necessary.

                                        2. Then, the Steiner tree is the union of these edges and the vertices incident to these edges.

                            h. But note: the Steiner tree is a tree, so the set of edges that are necessary is exactly the set of edges that are bridges for the set of terminals.

                            i. However, the number of vertices is (number of edges in the Steiner tree) + 1.

                            j. But wait: the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals. The set of edges that are necessary is the set of edges that are not contained in a connected component that does not contain a terminal? 

                            k. Actually, the necessary edges are the edges that are bridges for the set of terminals. 

                            l. How to compute the set of necessary edges?

                                We can use the following:

                                We can use a union-find or DFS to determine the connected components of the graph that is the original tree, but we are only concerned with the terminals.

                                Actually, we can use the following: 

                                    We can compute the minimal Steiner tree by:

                                        Step 1: Mark all the terminals.

                                        Step 2: We can compute the following: 

                                            Let's consider the tree and remove an edge. Then, if the two sides of the edge have at least one terminal, then the edge is necessary.

                                        Step 3: Count the number of edges that are necessary. Then, the number of vertices is (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                            m. But note: the Steiner tree is a tree, and the number of vertices is (number of edges) + 1.

                            n. However, the Steiner tree might have more than one connected component? No, by definition it is connected.

                            o. But how to count the necessary edges?

                                We can use the following method:

                                    We can use a DFS to compute the following:

                                        Let's root the tree arbitrarily (say node 1).

                                        We can do a DFS to compute the following:

                                            - For each node, we can compute the number of terminals in its subtree.

                                        Then, for an edge (u, v) (with u being the parent of v), the edge is necessary if and only if both the subtree rooted at v and the rest of the tree (the complement) contain at least one terminal.

                                    But note: the tree is undirected. We can root the tree and then for each edge, we can consider the two sides.

                                    We can do:

                                        - We can mark all terminals.

                                        - Then, we can do a DFS to compute the "terminal count" for each node.

                                    Then, for an edge (u, v) (with u being the parent of v), if the subtree rooted at v has at least one terminal and the rest of the tree (the parent's side) has at least one terminal, then the edge is necessary.

                                    But note: the entire set of terminals might be in one side, then we don't need the edge.

                                    However, the condition is: the edge is necessary if and only if there is at least one terminal in v's side and at least one terminal in u's side.

                                    Then, the Steiner tree is the set of edges that satisfy that condition.

                            p. Then, the number of vertices in the Steiner tree is (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                            q. But wait: the Steiner tree is a tree, and the number of vertices is the number of edges + 1, but note: the Steiner tree is the union of the necessary edges and the vertices that are incident to these edges.

                            However, the Steiner tree is connected, and the necessary edges form a forest? Actually, the necessary edges form a tree? 

                            Actually, the necessary edges are the edges that are bridges for the set of terminals. In a tree, the set of necessary edges is a tree (if the set of terminals is non-empty) because the Steiner tree is a tree.

                            So the number of edges is (number of vertices in the Steiner tree) - 1.

                            Therefore, if we let E = number of necessary edges, then the number of vertices is E + 1.

                            But note: the Steiner tree is a tree, so the number of vertices is E + 1.

                            However, we must also consider that the Steiner tree might include vertices that are not necessary? Actually, no: the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals, so it is exactly the set of vertices that are incident to the necessary edges and the terminals that are not incident to any necessary edge? 

                            Actually, the Steiner tree is the union of the necessary edges and the vertices that are on these edges. 

                            But note: the necessary edges are the bridges, and the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals, which is the union of the necessary edges and the vertices that are in the connected components of these edges.

                            However, the number of vertices is the number of vertices that are in the connected component (the Steiner tree) which is the set of vertices that are incident to the necessary edges, plus the vertices that are not incident to any necessary edge but are required by the terminals? 

                            Actually, the Steiner tree must include every vertex that is on the path between two terminals. And the necessary edges are exactly the edges that are on the boundary of the Steiner tree.

                            Therefore, the Steiner tree is the set of vertices that are connected by the necessary edges.

                            But note: the Steiner tree is a tree, and the number of vertices is (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                            However, we must also consider that the Steiner tree might have more vertices than the necessary edges? 

                            Example: Sample Input 1.

                            The tree:

                                7 vertices, edges: [1-2, 1-3, 2-4, 2-5, 3-6, 3-7]

                                Terminals: {1,3,5}

                            Necessary edges:

                                Edge 1-2: because 1 and 3 are in different sides? Actually, let's root at 1.

                                We'll do:

                                    Mark terminals: 1,3,5.

                                    We need to compute for each edge whether the two sides have terminals.

                                    Root the tree at 1.

                                    Then, the edges:

                                        Edge 1-2: 
                                            The subtree of 2: contains 2,4,5 -> has terminal 5.
                                            The other side: has 1 and 3 (and 6,7) -> has terminals 1 and 3.
                                            So necessary.

                                        Edge 1-3:
                                            The subtree of 3: contains 3,6,7 -> has terminal 3.
                                            The other side: has 1,2,4,5 -> has terminals 1 and 5.
                                            So necessary.

                                        Edge 2-4:
                                            The subtree of 4: only 4 -> no terminal.
                                            The other side: has terminals (1,3,5) -> so not necessary.

                                        Edge 2-5:
                                            The subtree of 5: only 5 -> has terminal 5.
                                            The other side: has terminals (1,3) -> so necessary.

                                        Edge 3-6:
                                            The subtree of 6: only 6 -> no terminal -> not necessary.
                                        Edge 3-7:
                                            The subtree of 7: only 7 -> no terminal -> not necessary.

                                    So necessary edges: 1-2, 1-3, 2-5.

                                    Then, the Steiner tree has 3 edges, so 4 vertices.

                                    The vertices are: 1,2,3,5.

                                    But wait, the Steiner tree must be connected and contain 1,3,5. 

                                    The vertices 1,2,3,5: 
                                        1 is connected to 2 and 3.
                                        2 is connected to 1 and 5.
                                        3 is connected to 1.
                                        5 is connected to 2.

                                    So it is connected and contains 1,3,5.

                                    But note: the vertex 4 and 6,7 are not included.

                                    So the number of vertices is 4.

                                    Therefore, the formula: number of vertices = number of necessary edges + 1 = 3 + 1 = 4.

                            So the method:

                                Step 1: Build the tree.

                                Step 2: Mark the terminals.

                                Step 3: Root the tree (say at node 1) and do a DFS to compute the following:

                                    - We need to know for each node, the number of terminals in its subtree.

                                    - We can do a DFS to mark the terminal nodes and then propagate.

                                Step 4: For each edge (u, v) (we consider the tree as rooted, so we consider parent-child edges), we can check:

                                    Let u be the parent of v.

                                    Then, the subtree of v has a terminal if the count of terminals in the subtree of v is > 0.

                                    The rest of the tree (the parent's side) has a terminal if the total number of terminals minus the count in the subtree of v is > 0.

                                    Then, the edge is necessary if both are true.

                                Step 5: Count the number of necessary edges.

                                Step 6: The answer is (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                            However, note: the tree is undirected. Our DFS will consider each edge once (from parent to child). 

                            But what if the necessary edges are not parent-child edges? We must consider every edge.

                            We can do:

                                We'll build an adjacency list.

                                Then, we do a DFS to compute the terminal counts for each node.

                                Then, for each edge (u, v) (without direction), we can consider the two sides.

                            But note: the DFS we did is rooted, so we can only consider the parent-child edges. 

                            However, we can also consider the edge from child to parent. 

                            We can do:

                                For each edge, we can consider the two sides: the side that is the subtree of one endpoint and the other side.

                            We can do:

                                Let's define for each edge (u, v) (without parent-child relation) the two sides.

                                We can root the tree arbitrarily (at node 1) and then for an edge (u, v), if u is the parent of v, then the subtree of v is the side of v, and the rest is the other side.

                                But if we root the tree, then for each edge we know which side is the subtree.

                            However, we must consider every edge. 

                            We can do:

                                Step 1: Root the tree at node 1.

                                Step 2: Build parent-child relationships.

                                Step 3: Do a DFS to compute the terminal count for each node.

                                Step 4: For each edge (u, v) (we have stored the tree as an undirected graph, but we know the parent-child relationship), we can check:

                                    If u is parent of v, then:
                                        side1 (v's side) has count = count[v]
                                        side2 (parent's side) has count = total_terminals - count[v]

                                    Then, if count[v] > 0 and (total_terminals - count[v]) > 0, then the edge is necessary.

                                But wait: what if the edge is not parent-child? Actually, in a rooted tree, every edge is parent-child from one side.

                            However, note: the DFS we did is from node 1, so we have a directed tree. But the original tree is undirected.

                            We can also consider: we need to consider every edge. The tree has N-1 edges.

                            We can store the graph as an adjacency list and then do:

                                For each edge (u, v) (we don't know direction), we can consider the two sides.

                            But we can use the DFS tree: the necessary edges are exactly the edges that are parent-child edges that satisfy the condition.

                            But wait: what about edges that are not parent-child? In a tree, every edge is parent-child in the rooted tree.

                            Actually, no: we rooted the tree arbitrarily, so every edge is parent-child in one direction.

                            However, the DFS tree is the entire tree, so we have a directed representation.

                            But note: the condition for an edge (u, v) (with u parent of v) is:

                                The subtree of v has terminals and the rest has terminals.

                            This condition is symmetric: if an edge is necessary, then both sides have at least one terminal.

                            So we can do:

                                total_terminals = K

                                Then, for each edge (u, v) (in the rooted tree, with u being parent of v):

                                    if count[v] > 0 and (total_terminals - count[v]) > 0:
                                        then the edge is necessary.

                            But note: the DFS we do to compute count[v] must be done from the leaves upward.

                            Steps for DFS:

                                Let's have an array "cnt" for each node.

                                We do a DFS (postorder):

                                    For node u:

                                        cnt[u] = (1 if u is a terminal else 0) + sum(cnt[v] for each child v)

                            Then, for each edge from parent to child, we check.

                            But note: the DFS must be done on the entire tree.

                            However, there's a catch: the DFS tree is built from node 1, but the original tree is undirected. We need to build the tree structure.

                            Steps:

                                1. Read the tree.

                                2. Mark the terminals.

                                3. Build an adjacency list.

                                4. Root the tree at node 1.

                                5. Build a parent-child relationship (we can use BFS/DFS to set parent for each node).

                                6. Then, do a DFS (postorder) to compute cnt[u] for each node.

                                7. Then, for each edge (from parent to child) in the DFS tree, check if both sides have terminals.

                                8. Count the necessary edges.

                                9. Answer = count + 1.

                            But note: the DFS tree is built from node 1, and the original tree is a tree, so the DFS tree is the entire tree.

                            However, we must consider that the DFS tree only considers the parent-child edges. But the original tree has exactly N-1 edges, and we are considering each edge exactly once (from parent to child).

                            Example Sample Input 2:

                                Input: 
                                    4 4
                                    3 1
                                    1 4
                                    2 1
                                    1 2 3 4

                                Terminals: {1,2,3,4} (all vertices)

                                Then, the Steiner tree must be the entire tree.

                                Necessary edges: every edge is necessary because for each edge, both sides have at least one terminal.

                                The tree has 3 edges, so the number of vertices is 4.

                                And the answer is 4.

                            Example Sample Input 3:

                                Input:
                                    5 1
                                    1 4
                                    2 3
                                    5 2
                                    1 2
                                    1

                                Terminal: {1}

                                Then, the Steiner tree is just the single vertex 1.

                                Necessary edges: none.

                                Then, the number of vertices is 0 + 1 = 1.

                            However, wait: the condition for an edge (u, v) is: 
                                For edge (1,4): 
                                    If we root at 1, then the subtree of 4 has no terminal (since the only terminal is 1, and 1 is not in the subtree of 4) -> so not necessary.
                                Similarly for other edges.

                            So the answer is 1.

                            Therefore, the algorithm:

                                Steps:

                                1. Read N, K and the edges, and the list of terminals.

                                2. Build an array "is_terminal" of size (N+1) and mark the given K terminals.

                                3. Build an adjacency list for the tree.

                                4. Build a tree rooted at 1 (using BFS/DFS) to set parent-child relationships.

                                5. Do a DFS (postorder) to compute the count for each node: 
                                    cnt[u] = (1 if is_terminal[u] else 0) + sum(cnt[child] for each child)

                                6. Then, for each edge (parent, child) in the tree (we consider the parent-child edges), check:

                                    if cnt[child] > 0 and (K - cnt[child]) > 0:
                                        then this edge is necessary.

                                7. Let E = number of necessary edges.

                                8. Answer = E + 1.

                            But note: the DFS tree we built: we must consider that the tree is undirected, but we built a directed tree from node 1.

                            However, we must ensure that we consider every edge only once.

                            We can store the tree as a directed tree from node 1, and then iterate over the edges from parent to child.

                            But note: the DFS tree only includes the edges from parent to child. The original tree has N-1 edges, and the DFS tree has N-1 edges.

                            So we are considering every edge.

                            However, we must be cautious: the DFS tree is built from node 1, so the parent-child relationship is defined.

                            Implementation:

                                We'll use:

                                    graph = adjacency list

                                    parent = [0]*(N+1)

                                    Then, do a BFS/DFS from node 1 to set parent for each node.

                                    Then, we can build a list of children for each node.

                                    Then, do a DFS (postorder) from node 1.

                            Let's test on Sample Input 1:

                                Nodes: 1 to 7.

                                Terminals: [1,3,5]

                                Build graph:

                                    graph[1] = [2,3]
                                    graph[2] = [1,4,5]
                                    graph[3] = [1,6,7]
                                    graph[4] = [2]
                                    graph[5] = [2]
                                    graph[6] = [3]
                                    graph[7] = [3]

                                Root at 1.

                                BFS to set parent:

                                    Start with 1: parent[1]=0.

                                    Then, from 1: children are 2 and 3.

                                    Then, from 2: parent[2]=1, then children: [4,5] (since 1 is parent, we skip)
                                    Then, from 3: parent[3]=1, then children: [6,7]

                                    Then, from 4: parent[4]=2, no children.
                                    Then, from 5: parent[5]=2, no children.
                                    Then, from 6: parent[6]=3, no children.
                                    Then, from 7: parent[7]=3, no children.

                                Then, DFS (postorder) for counts:

                                    We can do a stack or recursion.

                                    Order: leaves first: 4,5,6,7, then 2,3,1.

                                    cnt[4] = 0 (not terminal)
                                    cnt[5] = 1 (terminal)
                                    cnt[6] = 0
                                    cnt[7] = 0
                                    cnt[2] = (0) + cnt[4] + cnt[5] = 1
                                    cnt[3] = (1) + cnt[6] + cnt[7] = 1
                                    cnt[1] = (1) + cnt[2] + cnt[3] = 1 + 1 + 1 = 3

                                Then, check edges:

                                    Edge from 1 to 2: 
                                        cnt[2]=1, total_terminals-K=3-1=2 -> both >0 -> necessary.
                                    Edge from 1 to 3:
                                        cnt[3]=1, total_terminals-K=3-1=2 -> necessary.
                                    Edge from 2 to 4:
                                        cnt[4]=0 -> not necessary.
                                    Edge from 2 to 5:
                                        cnt[5]=1, total_terminals-K=3-1=2 -> necessary.
                                    Edge from 3 to 6:
                                        cnt[6]=0 -> not necessary.
                                    Edge from 3 to 7:
                                        cnt[7]=0 -> not necessary.

                                Necessary edges: 3 -> vertices = 4.

                            But wait, the DFS tree we built has 6 edges (from node 1 to 2, 1 to 3, 2 to 4, 2 to 5, 3 to 6, 3 to 7). We are iterating over these 6 edges.

                            But the original tree has 6 edges, so we are considering all.

                            However, note: the DFS tree is the entire tree, so we are good.

                            But note: the DFS tree we built is the entire tree, so we have all edges.

                            However, what if the tree is not rooted at a terminal? 

                            The algorithm works regardless.

                            But note: the DFS must be done from node 1.

                            But the problem does not specify the root. We can choose any root.

                            However, the condition for an edge (u, v) (with u parent of v) is:

                                The subtree of v has terminals and the rest has terminals.

                            This condition is independent of the root? Actually, no, because the DFS tree depends on the root.

                            But note: the necessary edges are the edges that are bridges for the set of terminals. In a tree, the set of necessary edges is independent of the root.

                            However, the condition we use: 

                                For an edge (u, v) (with u parent of v), the subtree of v (in the DFS tree) must contain at least one terminal, and the rest (the parent's side) must contain at least one terminal.

                            But note: the DFS tree depends on the root. However, the condition is symmetric: an edge is necessary if and only if the two sides (in the original tree) both contain at least one terminal.

                            And the DFS tree we built is just one representation of the tree. 

                            But note: the DFS tree we built is a rooted tree, but the condition we are checking for an edge is: the two sides (as defined by the DFS tree) both have terminals. 

                            However, the DFS tree's side for an edge is fixed by the root. 

                            But note: the entire tree is a tree, so the removal of the edge disconnects the tree into two parts. The condition is that both parts contain at least one terminal.

                            This condition is independent of the root.

                            However, our DFS tree root (node 1) might not be a terminal. But the condition for the edge is still: the two sides (the two connected components) must both have at least one terminal.

                            But in our DFS, we are only checking the side that is the child's subtree (in the DFS tree) and the parent's side (which is the entire tree minus the child's subtree).

                            This is correct because the DFS tree is just a way to represent the tree, and the two sides of the edge are the same regardless of the root.

                            Therefore, the algorithm is correct.

                            However, note: the DFS tree we built must be built from the root. But the condition for an edge (u, v) is: the two sides (the two connected components) must both have terminals.

                            We can also compute the necessary edges by:

                                For each edge (u, v) (without rooting), we can do a BFS/DFS to see if there is a terminal in u's side and in v's side? 

                            But that would be O(N) per edge, which is O(N^2). 

                            Our current method is O(N).

                            Therefore, we'll use the DFS tree method.

                            Steps:

                                Read input.

                                Build graph.

                                Mark terminals.

                                Build a tree rooted at 1 (using BFS to set parent and children).

                                Then, do a DFS (postorder) to compute the count of terminals in the subtree.

                                Then, iterate over all edges (each edge is represented once, from parent to child) and check the condition.

                                Then, output (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                            However, note: the DFS tree we built is a directed tree, and we are only iterating over parent-child edges. But the original tree has N-1 edges, and the DFS tree has N-1 edges, so we are covering all.

                            But note: the DFS tree we built is a rooted tree, and we are storing the parent-child relationship. 

                            We must be careful: the DFS tree is built from node 1, so we must ensure that node 1 is included.

                            Let's code accordingly.

                            Edge Case: K=0? But K>=1 by constraints.

                            Let's code.

                            Note: The DFS for counting: we can use recursion or stack. But N up to 200000, so we must use iterative DFS or BFS for counting.

                            Alternatively, we can do:

                                We can do a BFS from the root (node 1) to compute the parent and depth, then process nodes in reverse order of depth.

                            Steps for DFS (postorder) using iterative method:

                                We can do:

                                    stack = [1]
                                    order = []
                                    parent = [0]*(N+1)
                                    We already built the parent array from BFS.

                                    Then, we can use a stack to do a DFS and record the order.

                                    Actually, we can do:

                                        We'll do a BFS to set parent and depth.

                                        Then, we can sort nodes by depth in descending order.

                                        Then, for each node u (from deepest to shallowest), we set:

                                            cnt[u] = (1 if is_terminal[u] else 0) + sum(cnt[child] for each child)

                                        But we need to know the children. We can build a children list from the parent array.

                            We'll do:

                                Step 1: Read input.

                                Step 2: Build graph.

                                Step 3: Mark terminals.

                                Step 4: BFS from node 1 to set parent and depth.

                                Step 5: Build a list "children" for each node.

                                Step 6: Create an array "cnt" of zeros of size (N+1).

                                Step 7: Sort nodes by depth descending.

                                Step 8: For each node u in that order:

                                    cnt[u] = 1 if is_terminal[u] else 0
                                    For each child v of u:
                                        cnt[u] += cnt[v]

                                Step 9: Then, for each edge (parent[u], u) for u from 2 to N (because node 1 has parent 0, so skip node 1) or for each node u (from 1 to N) if u != 1, then check the edge (parent[u], u):

                                    if cnt[u] > 0 and (K - cnt[u]) > 0:
                                        then necessary_edges += 1

                                But note: the DFS tree has N-1 edges, and we are checking each edge once (from parent to child).

                            However, note: the condition for an edge (parent[u], u) is:

                                The side of u has cnt[u] terminals, and the other side has K - cnt[u] terminals.

                                Then, if both are positive, the edge is necessary.

                            Then, answer = necessary_edges + 1.

                            But wait: what if an edge is not in the DFS tree? 

                            The DFS tree we built is the entire tree (because the graph is a tree), so we have all edges.

                            However, the DFS tree is built from node 1, and we are storing parent-child relationships for all nodes. 

                            But note: the DFS tree (the parent-child tree) is the entire tree. 

                            Therefore, we are good.

                            Let's run the sample inputs.

                            Sample Input 1: 

                                K=3, terminals=[1,3,5]

                                After BFS (root=1):

                                    parent[2]=1, parent[3]=1, parent[4]=2, parent[5]=2, parent[6]=3, parent[7]=3.

                                Then, sort by depth (descending): [4,5,6,7,2,3,1]

                                cnt[4]=0, cnt[5]=1, cnt[6]=0, cnt[7]=0, cnt[2]=0+0+1=1, cnt[3]=1+0+0=1, cnt[1]=1+1+1=3.

                                Then, check edges:

                                    For node 2: edge (1,2): cnt[2]=1, K - cnt[2]=2 -> necessary.
                                    For node 3: edge (1,3): cnt[3]=1, K - cnt[3]=2 -> necessary.
                                    For node 4: edge (2,4): cnt[4]=0 -> not necessary.
                                    For node 5: edge (2,5): cnt[5]=1, K - cnt[5]=2 -> necessary.
                                    For node 6: edge (3,6): cnt[6]=0 -> not necessary.
                                    For node 7: edge (3,7): cnt[7]=0 -> not necessary.

                                Necessary edges: 3 -> vertices=4.

                            Sample Input 2:

                                K=4, terminals=[1,2,3,4]

                                Then, the entire tree is the Steiner tree.

                                Necessary edges: all edges.

                                The tree has 3 edges (for 4 nodes: 4-1=3 edges).

                                Then, answer=4.

                            Sample Input 3:

                                K=1, terminals=[1]

                                Then, the DFS tree:

                                    Node 1: parent=0, children=[4,2] (if the edges are: 
                                        edges: 
                                            1-4, 2-3, 5-2, 1-2

                                        Actually, the input is:

                                            5 1
                                            1 4
                                            2 3
                                            5 2
                                            1 2
                                            1

                                        So the tree:

                                            Nodes: 1,2,3,4,5.

                                            Edges: 
                                                1-4, 2-3, 5-2, 1-2.

                                        Actually, the edges are:

                                            Edge1: 1-4
                                            Edge2: 2-3
                                            Edge3: 5-2
                                            Edge4: 1-2

                                        So the graph:

                                            Node1: connected to 4 and 2.
                                            Node2: connected to 1,3,5.
                                            Node3: connected to 2.
                                            Node4: connected to 1.
                                            Node5: connected to 2.

                                        We root at 1.

                                        BFS:

                                            Start at 1: 
                                                1: parent=0
                                                Then, from 1: neighbors 4 and 2 -> parent[4]=1, parent[2]=1.

                                            Then, from 4: no other neighbor (since 1 is parent).
                                            Then, from 2: neighbors 1 (skip), 3,5 -> parent[3]=2, parent[5]=2.

                                        Then, DFS order (by depth descending): [4,3,5,2,1]

                                        cnt[4]= (if 4 is terminal? no) + 0 = 0.
                                        cnt[3]=0, cnt[5]=0.
                                        cnt[2]= (0) + cnt[3] + cnt[5] = 0.
                                        cnt[1]= (1) + cnt[4] + cnt[2] = 1.

                                        Then, check edges:

                                            For node 4: edge (1,4): cnt[4]=0 -> not necessary.
                                            For node 2: edge (1,2): cnt[2]=0 -> not necessary.
                                            For node 3: edge (2,3): cnt[3]=0 -> not necessary.
                                            For node 5: edge (2,5): cnt[5]=0 -> not necessary.

                                        Necessary edges: 0 -> vertices=1.

                            But wait, the Steiner tree should be the single vertex 1, so the answer is 1.

                            However, note: the condition for an edge (u, v) is: both sides must have at least one terminal.

                            For the edge (1,2): 
                                The subtree of 2 (in the DFS tree) has no terminal (because we only have terminal at 1, which is not in the subtree of 2) -> so not necessary.

                            This is correct.

                            But note: the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals. In this case, the only terminal is 1, so we only need vertex 1.

                            However, what if the tree is:

                                1-2, and 1 is the terminal.

                                Then, the Steiner tree is the single vertex 1.

                            But what if the tree is:

                                1-2, and 2 is the terminal.

                                Then, we root at 1, then the DFS tree:

                                    parent[2]=1.

                                    cnt[2]=1 (if 2 is terminal), then for edge (1,2): 
                                        cnt[2]=1, and K - cnt[2] = 1-1=0 -> not necessary.

                                Then, the Steiner tree has 0 edges, so 1 vertex.

                                But the Steiner tree must contain the terminal 2, so we must include vertex 2.

                                But wait, our DFS tree counts the entire tree. 

                            Let me reexamine the condition:

                                We are counting the necessary edges, and then the Steiner tree is the set of edges that are necessary, and then the vertices are the vertices incident to these edges.

                                However, the Steiner tree must be connected and contain all terminals. 

                            But note: our method counts an edge as necessary if both sides have at least one terminal. 

                            In the example with terminal 2 and the tree 1-2:

                                The entire Steiner tree is the edge (1-2) and the vertices 1 and 2.

                                But wait, we only need to include vertex 2? 

                            Actually, the Steiner tree must be connected. To include vertex 2, we must include vertex 1 and the edge between them? 

                            But the problem: "the minimal connected subgraph that contains all the specified vertices".

                            In the tree 1-2, the minimal connected subgraph that contains vertex 2 is the entire edge (1-2) and vertex 1 and 2.

                            But wait, we can also consider: the minimal connected subgraph that contains vertex 2 is just the vertex 2? 

                            However, the problem says "a tree that can be obtained by removing some (possibly zero) edges and vertices from this graph". 

                            But note: the graph is the original tree. We are allowed to remove edges and vertices arbitrarily.

                            However, the resulting graph must be a tree and connected.

                            And we are only allowed to remove, not add.

                            So to have vertex 2, we must have the edge (1-2) because without the edge, vertex 2 is isolated. 

                            But wait, we are allowed to remove edges and vertices. 

                            The problem says: "a tree that can be obtained by removing some (possibly zero) edges and vertices from this graph".

                            But note: we are not allowed to add edges or vertices.

                            However, the resulting graph must be connected and contain the specified vertices.

                            In the example with the tree:

                                1--2

                            and the specified vertex is 2.

                            We cannot have a connected graph containing vertex 2 without vertex 1 and the edge? 

                            Actually, we can: we can remove vertex 1 and the edge (1-2) is broken, but then we have two connected components: {1} and {2}. 

                            But then the graph containing only vertex 2 is connected (a single vertex is connected) and contains vertex 2.

                            However, the problem says "a tree", and a tree with one node is allowed.

                            But the operation is: remove some (possibly zero) edges and vertices.

                            We are allowed to remove vertices arbitrarily.

                            Therefore, we can remove vertex 1 and keep vertex 2.

                            So the Steiner tree for vertex 2 is just vertex 2.

                            Then, the number of vertices is 1.

                            But our method:

                                We rooted the tree at 1.

                                Then, for the edge (1,2): 
                                    The subtree of 2 (in the DFS tree) has one terminal (vertex 2) and the rest (vertex 1) has 0 terminals (if the terminal set is {2}).

                                Then, condition: 
                                    necessary if (cnt[2] > 0 and (K - cnt[2]) > 0) -> (1>0 and (1-1=0>0)) -> false.

                                So the edge is not necessary.

                                Then, the Steiner tree has 0 edges, so 1 vertex.

                            But wait, our method does not account for the fact that the Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains the terminals, and we are allowed to remove vertices arbitrarily.

                            However, note: the Steiner tree is defined as the minimal connected subgraph that contains the terminals.

                            In a tree, the minimal connected subgraph that contains a set of vertices is the minimal subtree that contains those vertices.

                            But note: the minimal subtree that contains a set of vertices is the union of the simple path between every pair of vertices.

                            However, we are allowed to remove vertices arbitrarily. 

                            But note: the problem says "a tree that can be obtained by removing some (possibly zero) vertices and edges". 

                            The minimal Steiner tree is the minimal connected subgraph that contains the terminals.

                            In a tree, the minimal connected subgraph that contains a set of terminals is the minimal subtree that spans the terminals.

                            And that subtree is defined by the union of the simple paths between the terminals.

                            But note: the minimal Steiner tree in a tree is the same as the minimal subtree that contains all terminals.

                            However, the minimal subtree that contains a set of terminals is the union of the simple paths between the terminals, but then we can remove vertices that are not necessary? 

                            Actually, no: the minimal subtree must include every vertex that lies on the path between two terminals.

                            But we are allowed to remove vertices arbitrarily. 

                            However, the minimal connected subgraph that contains the terminals is the minimal subtree that contains the terminals.

                            And the minimal subtree that contains the terminals is the union of the simple paths between the terminals.

                            But note: the Steiner tree in a tree is exactly the minimal subtree that contains the terminals.

                            And the number of vertices is the number of vertices in that subtree.

                            How to compute that?

                            We can use the following: 

                                The minimal Steiner tree (minimal subtree) is the minimal subtree that contains all terminals.

                                We can compute it by:

                                    Let T be the set of terminals.

                                    The minimal Steiner tree is the union of the simple paths between consecutive terminals when the terminals are arranged along the tree.

                                But there is a simpler way: 

                                    We can use the following: 

                                        The minimal Steiner tree is the minimal subtree that contains T.

                                        We can compute it by:

                                            a. Mark all terminals.

                                            b. Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the union of all the edges that are incident to the marked nodes and the necessary edges (the bridges) as we did.

                                But wait, our method counted the necessary edges (the bridges) and then the number of vertices is (number of necessary edges) + 1.

                                In the example of terminal {2}:

                                    We rooted at 1, and the necessary edges count is 0, so vertices=1.

                                In the case of two terminals {2,3} in a chain 1-2-3:

                                    We want the minimal subtree: it should be the path 2-3 and the vertices 2 and 3.

                                    But wait, if we remove vertex 1, then the edge 1-2 is removed, and the edge 2-3 remains, and the subtree is the path 2-3.

                                    Our method:

                                    Root at 1.

                                    Then, the DFS tree:

                                    Nodes: 1,2,3.

                                    Edges: 1-2, 2-3.

                                    BFS:

                                    1: parent=0, children=[2]
                                    2: parent=1, children=[3]
                                    3: parent=2, children=[]

                                    Then, DFS order: [3,2,1]

                                    cnt[3]=1 (if 3 is terminal), cnt[2] = (0) + cnt[3] = 1, cnt[1] = (0) + cnt[2] = 1.

                                    Then, check edges:

                                        Edge 1-2: cnt[2]=1, K=2 -> 2-1=1>0 -> necessary.
                                        Edge 2-3: cnt[3]=1, K-1=1>0 -> necessary.

                                    Then, necessary edges=2, vertices=3.

                                    But the minimal Steiner tree for terminals {2,3} should be the path from 2 to 3, which has 2 vertices (2 and 3) and 1 edge.

                                    But our method counts 3 vertices.

                                    What's the issue?

                                    Our method counts the entire Steiner tree as the set of edges that are necessary (the bridges) and then the number of vertices is the number of edges+1.

                                    In this example, the Steiner tree has two edges (1-2 and 2-3) and three vertices (1,2,3). But we don't need vertex 1.

                                    The problem: our method is counting edges that are necessary from the perspective of the entire set of terminals, but note the condition: 

                                        For an edge (u, v), we require that both sides have at least one terminal.

                                    In the edge 1-2:

                                        Side of 2: has terminals 2 and 3? Actually, the DFS tree for the edge 1-2:

                                            The subtree of 2: contains 2 and 3 -> has 2 terminals.
                                            The other side: contains 1 -> has 0 terminals.

                                    But wait, the DFS tree we built is rooted at 1, so the subtree of 2 is the entire tree below 2, which includes 3.

                                    However, the entire set of terminals is {2,3}. 

                                    The condition for edge 1-2: the two sides are:

                                        Side 1: {1} -> no terminal.
                                        Side 2: {2,3} -> has terminals.

                                    So the edge 1-2 is not necessary.

                                    Similarly, for edge 2-3:

                                        Side 2: {2} (if we consider the DFS tree: the subtree of 3 is {3}) -> has one terminal (3)
                                        Side 3: {2} (the parent's side) -> has terminal 2.

                                    So edge 2-3 is necessary.

                                    Then, necessary edges=1, vertices=2.

                                    But wait, how did we compute the counts?

                                    We did:

                                        cnt[3] = 1 (if 3 is terminal)
                                        cnt[2] = (0 if 2 is not terminal) + cnt[3] = 1
                                        cnt[1] = (0) + cnt[2] = 1

                                    For edge 1-2 (parent=1, child=2):

                                        cnt[2]=1, and K=2, so K - cnt[2]=1 -> both >0 -> necessary.

                                    But that is not correct: the condition is: the two sides must both have at the least one terminal.

                                    However, the DFS tree's side for the edge 1-2 is:

                                        The subtree of 2: has the terminals 3 (and 2 if 2 is terminal? In this example, we only marked 2 and 3 as terminals? Actually, the input for the two terminals {2,3} is given.

                                    But in the example above, we did not mark 2 as terminal? 

                                    In the example, the terminals are {2,3}. 

                                    Then, cnt[2] should be 1 (if 2 is terminal) + cnt[3] (if 3 is terminal) = 1+1=2.

                                    And then, for edge 1-2: 
                                        cnt[2]=2, K=2, so K - cnt[2]=0 -> not necessary.

                                    For edge 2-3:
                                        cnt[3]=1, K - cnt[3]=1 -> necessary.

                                    Then, necessary edges=1, vertices=2.

                                    But wait, the minimal Steiner tree for {2,3} should include vertices 2 and 3 and the edge between them. 

                                    However, note: the edge between 2 and 3 is necessary, and the Steiner tree has one edge and two vertices.

                                    But then why did we count the edge 1-2 as not necessary? Because the entire set of terminals is in the subtree of 2.

                                    But note: the DFS tree rooted at 1: the entire set of terminals is in the subtree of 2.

                                    Therefore, the edge 1-2 is not necessary.

                                    Then, the Steiner tree is the edge 2-3 and the vertices 2 and 3.

                                    So the answer is 2.

                                    But our method: number of edges=1, vertices=2.

                                    This is consistent.

                                    However, the DFS tree counts for node 2: 

                                        cnt[2] = (1 if 2 is terminal) + (1 if 3 is terminal) = 2.

                                    Then, for edge 1-2: 
                                        cnt[2]=2, and K=2, so K - cnt[2]=0 -> not necessary.

                                    For edge 2-3:
                                        cnt[3]=1, and K - cnt[3]=1 -> necessary.

                                    Then, answer=2.

                                    Now, what if the terminals are {2} only?

                                    Example: two terminals {2} in the tree 1-2-3.

                                    Then, the minimal Steiner tree is the single vertex 2.

                                    Our method:

                                        cnt[3]=0, cnt[2]=1, cnt[1]=1.

                                        Edge 1-2: cnt[2]=1, K=1 -> K - cnt[2]=0 -> not necessary.
                                        Edge 2-3: cnt[3]=0 -> not necessary.

                                    Then, vertices=1.

                                    But the Steiner tree should be vertex 2 only.

                                    However, our method counts the number of vertices as (number of necessary edges)+1, which is 0+1=1.

                                    So it is correct.

                                    But wait, what if the terminals are {2,3} and the tree is 1-2-3, but we root at 2?

                                    We must root at node 1 arbitrarily.

                                    The condition is independent of the root? 

                                    Let's root at 2.

                                    Then, the DFS tree:

                                        parent[2]=0.
                                        From 2: children [1,3]

                                    Then, DFS:

                                        cnt[1]=0, cnt[3]=1, cnt[2]= (1) + cnt[1] + cnt[3] = 1+0+1=2.

                                    Then, check edges:

                                        Edge 2-1: 
                                            cnt[1]=0, K - cnt[1]=2 -> not necessary (because one side has 0 and the other has 2).
                                        Edge 2-3:
                                            cnt[3]=1, K - cnt[3]=1 -> necessary.

                                    Then, necessary edges=1, vertices=2.

                                    Same result.

                            Therefore, the algorithm is:

                                Read input.

                                Mark the terminals.

                                Build the tree (adjacency list).

                                BFS/DFS from an arbitrary node (say 1) to set parent and depth.

                                Build a list of children for each node.

                                Sort nodes by depth descending.

                                Compute cnt[u] for each node u.

                                For each node u (from 2 to N) [i.e., for each edge from parent[u] to u]:

                                    if cnt[u] > 0 and (K - cnt[u]) > 0:
                                        then necessary_edges++

                                Answer = necessary_edges + 1.

                            But note: the condition for an edge (parent[u], u) is: the subtree of u has at least one terminal and the rest of the tree (the parent's side) has at least one terminal.

                            This is correct.

                            However, note: the DFS tree must be built from an arbitrary root. The condition is independent of the root.

                            But the DFS tree we built is from node 1. 

                            We must be cautious: the DFS tree from node 1 may not include all edges if the tree is not rooted at 1? 

                            But the tree is undirected, and the DFS/BFS from node 1 will cover the entire tree.

                            Therefore, we are good.

                            Let's code accordingly.

                            Note: We must use iterative DFS/BFS for large N (200000).

                            Steps in code:

                                import collections

                                n, k = map(int, input().split())
                                graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
                                for _ in range(n-1):
                                    u, v = map(int, input().split())
                                    graph[u].append(v)
                                    graph[v].append(u)

                                terminals = list(map(int, input().split()))
                                is_terminal = [False]*(n+1)
                                for t in terminals:
                                    is_terminal[t] = True

                                # BFS to set parent and depth, and build the tree structure.
                                parent = [0]*(n+1)
                                depth = [0]*(n+1)
                                children = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
                                visited = [False]*(n+1)
                                queue = collections.deque([1])
                                visited[1] = True
                                while queue:
                                    u = queue.popleft()
                                    for v in graph[u]:
                                        if not visited[v]:
                                            visited[v] = True
                                            parent[v] = u
                                            children[u].append(v)
                                            depth[v] = depth[u] + 1
                                            queue.append(v)

                                # Now, sort nodes by depth descending.
                                nodes = [i for i in range(1, n+1)]
                                nodes.sort(key=lambda x: depth[x], reverse=True)

                                cnt = [0]*(n+1)
                                # Initialize cnt: if node is terminal, then 1, else 0.
                                for i in range(1, n+1):
                                    if is_terminal[i]:
                                        cnt[i] = 1

                                # Then, for each node in descending order of depth, add the counts of children.
                                for u in nodes:
                                    for v in children[u]:
                                        cnt[u] += cnt[v]

                                necessary_edges = 0
                                # For each node u (from 2 to n), check the edge (parent[u], u)
                                for i in range(2, n+1):
                                    if cnt[i] > 0 and (k - cnt[i]) > 0:
                                        necessary_edges += 1

                                print(necessary_edges + 1)

                            Let's test on the provided examples.

                            Sample Input 1:

                                n=7, k=3, terminals=[1,3,5]

                                We'll simulate:

                                After BFS from 1, the parent and children are set.

                                Then, nodes sorted by depth descending: [4,5,6,7,2,3,1]

                                cnt[4]=0, cnt[5]=1, cnt[6]=0, cnt[7]=0, cnt[2]=1, cnt[3]=1, cnt[1]=3.

                                Then, for i from 2 to 7:

                                    i=2: cnt[2]=1, k-cnt[2]=2 -> necessary_edges=1.
                                    i=3: cnt[3]=1, k-cnt[3]=2 -> necessary_edges=2.
                                    i=4: cnt[4]=0 -> skip.
                                    i=5: cnt[5]=1, k-cnt[5]=2 -> necessary_edges=3.
                                    i=6: cnt[6]=0 -> skip.
                                    i=7: cnt[7]=0 -> skip.

                                Then, answer=4.

                            Sample Input 2:

                                n=4, k=4, terminals=[1,2,3,4]

                                After BFS from 1, parent and children:

                                    Let's assume the edges are given as:

                                        3 1
                                        1 4
                                        2 1

                                    Actually, the input is:

                                        4 4
                                        3 1
                                        1 4
                                        2 1
                                        1 2 3 4

                                    So the tree:

                                        Nodes: 1,2,3,4.

                                        Edges: 3-1, 1-4, 2-1.

                                    BFS from 1:

                                        1: parent=0, depth=0.
                                        Then, from 1: neighbors 3,4,2 -> parent[3]=1, parent[4]=1, parent[2]=1.

                                        Then, from 3: no new neighbors (only 1)
                                        Then, from 4: no new neighbors.
                                        Then, from 2: no new neighbors.

                                    Then, DFS order: [3,4,2,1] (depth: 3,4,2 are depth1, 1 is depth0)

                                    cnt[3]=1, cnt[4]=1, cnt[2]=1, cnt[1]=4.

                                    Then, for i from 2 to 4:

                                        i=2: cnt[2]=1, k=4, 4-1=3>0 -> necessary_edges=1.
                                        i=3: cnt[3]=1, 4-1=3>0 -> necessary_edges=2.
                                        i=4: cnt[4]=1, 4-1=3>0 -> necessary_edges=3.

                                    Then, answer=4.

                            Sample Input 3:

                                n=5, k=1, terminals=[1]

                                Tree edges:

                                    1 4
                                    2 3
                                    5 2
                                    1 2

                                BFS from 1:

                                    1: parent=0, depth=0.
                                    Then, from 1: neighbors 4,2 -> parent[4]=1, parent[2]=1.
                                    Then, from 4: no new.
                                    Then, from 2: neighbors 3,5 -> parent[3]=2, parent[5]=2.

                                Then, DFS order: [4,3,5,2,1]

                                cnt[4]=0, cnt[3]=0, cnt[5]=0, cnt[2]=0, cnt[1]=1.

                                Then, for i from 2 to 5:

                                    i=2: cnt[2]=0 -> skip.
                                    i=3: cnt[3]=0 -> skip.
                                    i=4: cnt[4]=0 -> skip.
                                    i=5: cnt[5]=0 -> skip.

                                Then, answer=1.

                            But wait, the sample input 3 is:

                                5 1
                                1 4
                                2 3
                                5 2
                                1 2
                                1

                            And the answer is 1.

                            However, the sample input 2 in the problem is:

                                4 4
                                3 1
                                1 4
                                2 1
                                1 2 3 4

                            And the answer is 4.

                            But the sample input 3 in the problem is:

                                5 1
                                1 4
                                2 3
                                5 2
                                1 2
                                1

                            And the answer is 1.

                            But the sample input 2 provided in the problem is:

                                Sample Input 2

                                4 4
                                3 1
                                1 4
                                2 1
                                1 2 3 4

                                Sample Output 2

                                4

                            And Sample Input 3

                                5 1
                                1 4
                                2 3
                                5 2
                                1 2
                                1

                                Sample Output 3

                                1

                            So the code is:

                                We assume the input is given as:

                                    First line: N K
                                    Next N-1 lines: edges
                                    Next line: K integers (the terminals)

                            We'll read accordingly.

                            But note: the sample input 2 has 4 nodes, and the edges are:

                                3 1
                                1 4
                                2 1

                            But wait, the input format:

                                N K
                                A1 B1
                                ...
                                AK

                            In sample input 2, the input is:

                                4 4
                                3 1
                                1 4
                                2 1
                                1 2 3 4

                            But the sample input 2 has 4 edges? 

                            Actually, the first line: "4 4" -> N=4, K=4.

                            Then, there are 3 edges (since a tree with 4 nodes has 3 edges).

                            Then, the next line is "1 2 3 4".

                            So the input has:

                                4 4
                                3 1
                                1 4
                                2 1
                                1 2 3 4

                            But wait, the edges are:

                                Edge1: 3-1
                                Edge2: 1-4
                                Edge3: 2-1

                            Then, the next line: the 4 terminals: 1,2,3,4.

                            The code reads the first two integers as N and K, then reads N-1 edges, then reads the next line as the list of K integers.

                            So we are good.

                            However, note: the problem says the input format:

                                Input

                                The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
                                N K
                                A_1 B_1
                                \vdots
                                A_{N-1} B_{N-1}
                                V_1 \ldots V_K

                            So we must read N-1 edges.

                            But in sample input 2, N=4, so we read 3 edges.

                            The provided sample input 2 has 3 edges and then a line with 4 integers.

                            So the code is correct.

                            Let's run the code on the provided samples.

                            We'll submit the code as follows.

                            Note: The DFS tree building uses BFS, which is efficient.

                            Time complexity: O(N)

                            Let's write the code.

                            One more edge case: K=0. But constraints say K>=1.

                            We'll assume K>=1.

                            Code:

                            Note: We must use sys.stdin if necessary for speed? N up to 200000.

                            But the problem says 200000, and we are using BFS and DFS, which are O(N), so it should be acceptable.

                            Let's write the code.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to find the minimal number of vertices in a tree such that the resulting subgraph is a tree (connected and acyclic) and includes all the specified vertices (terminals). The solution involves identifying the minimal Steiner tree that spans all the terminals, which in a tree structure can be efficiently computed by determining the necessary edges that connect the terminals.

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The problem requires finding the smallest connected subgraph (a tree) that includes all given terminals. In a tree, the minimal Steiner tree is the smallest subtree that contains all terminals. The solution involves identifying all edges that are necessary to connect the terminals, which are edges whose removal would disconnect at least one terminal from the others.

2. **Intuition**: The key insight is that an edge is necessary if and only if both its adjacent subtrees contain at least one terminal. This means the edge acts as a bridge between two parts of the tree, each containing terminals.

3. **Algorithm Selection**: 
   - **Tree Traversal**: We perform a BFS to root the tree and establish parent-child relationships.
   - **Post-order Processing**: Using a post-order traversal (processing children before parents), we count the number of terminals in each subtree.
   - **Edge Identification**: For each edge, we check if both its adjacent subtrees contain terminals. If so, the edge is part of the Steiner tree.

4. **Complexity Analysis**: The algorithm involves a BFS and a post-order traversal, both of which run in O(N) time, where N is the number of vertices. The space complexity is O(N) to store the tree structure and auxiliary arrays.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); k = int(next(it))
    
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for _ in range(n-1):
        u = int(next(it)); v = int(next(it))
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
        
    terminals = []
    for _ in range(k):
        terminals.append(int(next(it)))
    
    is_terminal = [False] * (n+1)
    for t in terminals:
        is_terminal[t] = True
        
    parent = [0] * (n+1)
    depth = [0] * (n+1)
    children = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    visited = [False] * (n+1)
    queue = deque([1])
    visited[1] = True
    while queue:
        u = queue.popleft()
        for v in graph[u]:
            if not visited[v]:
                visited[v] = True
                parent[v] = u
                children[u].append(v)
                depth[v] = depth[u] + 1
                queue.append(v)
                
    nodes = [i for i in range(1, n+1)]
    nodes.sort(key=lambda x: depth[x], reverse=True)
    
    cnt = [0] * (n+1)
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        if is_terminal[i]:
            cnt[i] = 1
            
    for u in nodes:
        for v in children[u]:
            cnt[u] += cnt[v]
            
    necessary_edges = 0
    for i in range(2, n+1):
        if cnt[i] > 0 and (k - cnt[i]) > 0:
            necessary_edges += 1
            
    print(necessary_edges + 1)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Reading Input**: The input is read in one go for efficiency, especially given the constraints. The first two values are the number of vertices (N) and terminals (K).
2. **Tree Construction**: The tree is represented using an adjacency list.
3. **Terminal Marking**: Vertices that are terminals are marked in a boolean array.
4. **BFS for Tree Traversal**: Starting from an arbitrary root (vertex 1), BFS is used to compute parent-child relationships and depths.
5. **Post-order Processing**: Nodes are processed in descending order of depth to count the number of terminals in each subtree.
6. **Edge Identification**: For each edge, if both adjacent subtrees contain terminals, the edge is marked as necessary. The total number of necessary edges plus one gives the number of vertices in the minimal Steiner tree.

This approach efficiently identifies the minimal subtree that includes all terminals by leveraging tree properties and BFS traversal, ensuring optimal performance even for large inputs.