=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string s consisting of only lowercase English letters. In one operation, you can do the following:

Select any non-empty substring of s, possibly the entire string, then replace each one of its characters with the previous character of the English alphabet. For example, 'b' is converted to 'a', and 'a' is converted to 'z'.

Return the lexicographically smallest string you can obtain after performing the above operation exactly once.
A substring is a contiguous sequence of characters in a string.
A string x is lexicographically smaller than a string y of the same length if x[i] comes before y[i] in alphabetic order for the first position i such that x[i] != y[i].
 
Example 1:

Input: s = "cbabc"
Output: "baabc"
Explanation: We apply the operation on the substring starting at index 0, and ending at index 1 inclusive. 
It can be proven that the resulting string is the lexicographically smallest. 

Example 2:

Input: s = "acbbc"
Output: "abaab"
Explanation: We apply the operation on the substring starting at index 1, and ending at index 4 inclusive. 
It can be proven that the resulting string is the lexicographically smallest. 

Example 3:

Input: s = "leetcode"
Output: "kddsbncd"
Explanation: We apply the operation on the entire string. 
It can be proven that the resulting string is the lexicographically smallest. 

 
Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 3 * 10^5
s consists of lowercase English letters

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def smallestString(self, s: str) -> str:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, so I'm trying to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me read the problem statement again to make sure I understand it.

We have a string `s` made up of lowercase English letters. The operation allowed is to select any non-empty substring and replace each character in that substring with the previous character in the English alphabet. For example, 'b' becomes 'a', and 'a' becomes 'z'.

The goal is to perform this operation exactly once and get the lexicographically smallest string possible.

Let me look at the examples to get a better idea.

Example 1: s = "cbabc" → Output: "baabc"
They applied the operation on substring from index 0 to 1 (inclusive). So "cb" becomes "ba", and the rest remains. So the string becomes "baabc".

Example 2: s = "acbbc" → Output: "abaab"
Operation on substring from index 1 to 4. So "acbbc" becomes "a" (unchanged) + "cbbc" converted. But wait, how does "cbbc" become "baab"? Let's break it down.

Wait, the operation is replacing each character in the substring with the previous letter. So for 'c' it becomes 'b', then 'b' becomes 'a'. But wait, for the substring "cbbc": 
- First character 'c' → 'b'
- Second character 'b' → 'a'
- Third character 'b' → 'a'
- Fourth character 'c' → 'b'
So the substring "cbbc" becomes "baab". Then the full string is "a" + "baab" = "abaab". So that matches.

Example 3: s = "leetcode" → Output: "kddsbncd"
Wait, the entire string is converted. So each character is replaced by the previous one. So 'l' becomes 'k', 'e' becomes 'd', 'e' becomes 'd', 't' becomes 's', 'c' becomes 'b', 'o' becomes 'n', 'd' becomes 'c', and 'e' becomes 'd'? Wait, the output is "kddsbncd". Let me check:

Original: l e e t c o d e
After:    k d d s b n c d

Wait, the last character is 'e' which becomes 'd'? But the output has 8 characters. So the substring operation is applied on the entire string. So each character is replaced by the previous one. So that makes sense.

Now, the problem is to find the lexicographically smallest string after exactly one operation.

I need to choose a substring (any non-empty contiguous part) and apply the operation (each character in that substring becomes the previous letter). Then, compare the resulting string lexicographically and choose the smallest.

But the string can be up to 300,000 characters. So I need an efficient solution, probably O(n) or O(n log n).

Let me think about the operation. Each operation on a substring is essentially shifting each character in that substring backward by one (with 'a' wrapping to 'z').

But note: if we have a substring, we can only shift the characters in that substring. The rest of the string remains the same.

The goal is lexicographically smallest. So we want the leftmost characters to be as small as possible.

One idea: we can consider shifting from the beginning until a certain point, but then we have to consider the rest of the string.

Alternatively, we can consider that the operation on a substring is independent, but we have to choose the best substring.

But note: we can only shift each character at most once (because we do the operation exactly once). But we can choose any substring, so we can shift multiple characters.

Now, think about what happens when we shift a substring. The characters in the substring are decreased by one (with 'a' becoming 'z').

But note: sometimes, if we have a character that is 'a', shifting it would make it 'z', which is lexicographically larger. So we have to be careful.

Actually, if we have an 'a', we cannot shift it because that would make it 'z' which is worse. So we should avoid shifting 'a's? Or maybe only shift 'a's if necessary? But wait, the operation is done on a contiguous substring. So if we have a substring that includes an 'a', then that 'a' becomes 'z', which is lexicographically larger. So probably, we don't want to shift any 'a's because that would make the string worse.

Wait, but sometimes we might be forced to shift a substring that includes an 'a' because the preceding characters need to be shifted? Or maybe not. Actually, we can choose any substring. So we can choose a substring that doesn't include any 'a's.

But then, how do we get the lexicographically smallest string?

Let me think step by step.

We want the first character to be as small as possible. The first character can be changed only if we choose a substring that starts at the first character. But if the first character is 'a', then we cannot change it because shifting would make it 'z' (which is worse). So the first character must remain 'a' if it's 'a' or if we don't shift the first character.

But if the first character is not 'a', we can shift it to the previous letter. For example, if the first character is 'b', we can shift it to 'a', which is better.

But then, what about the rest of the string? After shifting the first character, the next characters might be shifted as well if we choose a longer substring.

But note: we can only do one operation. So the entire operation is one contiguous substring.

So, the idea is: we can choose a starting index and an ending index, and then shift all characters in between.

But the problem is to find the best substring to shift.

Let me consider the effect of shifting a substring:

- The substring is from i to j (0-indexed). Then, for each position k in [i, j], the character s[k] becomes chr(ord(s[k])-1). But if s[k] is 'a', then it becomes 'z'.

Now, we want the lexicographically smallest string.

One observation: We can only decrease the characters (unless we wrap from 'a' to 'z'). So, we want to decrease the characters as much as possible, but we have to consider that wrapping to 'z' is bad.

But note: sometimes, if we have a sequence of characters, we might want to shift a longer substring to get a smaller result.

But also, consider: if we shift a substring, the characters that are not in the substring remain the same.

So, the lexicographical order is determined by the first character that differs.

We can break the problem into two parts:

1. The prefix (before the substring) remains unchanged.
2. The substring is shifted (each character decreased by one, with 'a' becoming 'z').
3. The suffix (after the substring) remains unchanged.

We need to choose the substring such that the entire string is lexicographically smallest.

Now, let me consider the following:

- The first character: we can leave it as is or change it (if it's not 'a'). But if we change the first character, then the rest of the string is shifted as well (if we choose a substring that starts at 0). 

But wait, we can choose any substring. So we don't have to start from the beginning.

But if we don't start from the beginning, then the beginning part is unchanged. So if we leave the first character unchanged, then we can only change from some index i onward.

But if the first character is 'a', then we cannot change it (because changing it would make it 'z', which is worse). So the best we can do for the first character is 'a' if it is 'a' or the previous character if it isn't.

But if the first character is 'b', then we can change it to 'a' by shifting from the beginning. Then the entire string from 0 onward is shifted.

But then, what about the second character? After shifting the first character, the second character might be shifted as well (if we shift the entire string from 0 to j). But maybe we don't want to shift the second character if it's 'a'? Actually, if the second character is 'a', then shifting it would make it 'z', which is bad. But if we don't shift the second character, then the first character is 'a' and the second is 'a' (if originally 'a') or something else.

Wait, actually, if we shift from 0 to j, then the first j+1 characters are shifted. So if we have a string "ba", then shifting from 0 to 1: "ba" becomes "az"? Wait, no: shifting each character: 'b' becomes 'a', 'a' becomes 'z'. So "ba" becomes "az". But "az" is lexicographically larger than "ba" because 'a' is the same, then 'z' is larger than 'b'? Wait, no: "az" and "ba": the first character is 'a' vs 'b', so "az" is lexicographically smaller than "ba". 

Wait, that's correct: because 'a' comes before 'b'. So even though the second character is 'z' which is the last letter, the first character being 'a' is more important. So "az" is smaller than "ba".

But then, if we have "ba", we can choose to shift only the first character (substring from 0 to 0) then we get "az", which is better than shifting the entire substring (which gives "az" anyway). Actually, in "ba", shifting the entire substring (0 to 1) gives "az", and shifting only the first character (0 to 0) also gives "az". So same result.

But consider "bc": 
- Shift entire substring: "bc" becomes "az" (because 'b'->'a', 'c'->'b')? Wait, no: 'b' becomes 'a', 'c' becomes 'b'? Then "bc" becomes "ab". 
But if we shift only the first character: "bc" becomes "ac". Now, compare "ab" and "ac": "ab" is lexicographically smaller. So we should shift the entire substring in this case.

Wait, no: if we shift the entire substring, we get "ab". If we shift only the first character, we get "ac". Then "ab" is smaller. So the entire substring is better.

But then, what if we have "bd": 
- Entire substring shift: "bd" becomes "ac"
- Shift only first character: "bd" becomes "ad"

Now, "ac" vs "ad": "ac" is lexicographically smaller. So entire substring is better.

But wait, in "bc", entire substring gives "ab" and shifting only first gives "ac", so entire substring is better. Similarly, in "bd", entire substring gives "ac" and shifting only first gives "ad", so entire substring is better.

But then, what if we have "ca": 
- Entire substring: "ca" becomes "bz" (because 'c'->'b', 'a'->'z') → "bz"
- Shift only first character: "ca" becomes "az"
Now, "az" is lexicographically smaller than "bz". So in this case, shifting only the first character is better.

So the strategy is not straightforward.

Let me think about the operation in terms of what we can achieve.

We can only decrease the characters (with 'a' wrapping to 'z'). So, for a given position, the smallest character we can have is 'a' (if we can shift it without wrapping, or if we wrap, then 'z' is the only option, but that's worse). 

Actually, we can only decrease a character once (because we do one operation). And we can choose to not decrease it (if we don't include it in the substring) or decrease it (if we do). But if we decrease it and it's 'a', it becomes 'z'.

So, for a character at position i, the best outcome is to have it as 'a' (if possible) without wrapping. But if we can't, then we might have to leave it as is or wrap it to 'z' (which is worse).

But the operation is on a contiguous substring. So if we want to set a character to 'a', we must include it in the substring and the character must be 'b' or higher (so that shifting once gives 'a' or a lower letter). But if the character is 'a', then we cannot set it to 'a' without wrapping (which gives 'z').

Actually, for a character at position i, we have two possibilities: 
1. Leave it unchanged (if we don't include it in the substring).
2. Change it to the previous character (if we include it, unless it's 'a', then it becomes 'z').

But note: we can only do one operation, so we can only change one contiguous substring.

Now, the goal is to get the lexicographically smallest string.

We can think greedily: we want to change the leftmost character as much as possible, then the next, and so on.

But because of the contiguous substring constraint, we cannot change non-contiguous characters.

So, the idea is: we can choose a substring from i to j, and then the prefix (0 to i-1) is unchanged, the substring (i to j) is decreased, and the suffix (j+1 to end) is unchanged.

We need to choose i and j such that the entire string is lexicographically smallest.

Let me consider the following:

1. We must start from the leftmost character that we can change. But we can also leave the leftmost part unchanged and change a part further right.

But actually, we can change a substring that does not start at 0. For example, in Example 2: "acbbc" → "abaab". Here, the substring starts at index 1 (0-indexed). So the first character remains 'a' (which is already the smallest) and then from index 1 onward, they are shifted.

So the strategy is:

- We can leave some prefix unchanged (if we don't want to change it) and then change a substring from i to j.

But then, how to choose i and j?

Let me consider that the operation is beneficial only if the character is not 'a' (because if it's 'a', changing it to 'z' is bad). But actually, if we have a sequence of characters, we might need to change a longer substring to get a better result.

But note: we can only change one contiguous substring.

Another observation: The operation is equivalent to subtracting 1 from each character in the substring (with 'a' becoming 'z'). So the effect is that the characters in the substring are decreased, and the rest are the same.

Now, to get the lexicographically smallest string, we want the leftmost character to be as small as possible. 

So, the first character: 
- If it is 'a', then we cannot change it (because changing it to 'z' is worse). So we leave it.
- If it is not 'a', then we can change it to the previous character, which is smaller. So we must change it (unless changing it forces a worse character in the next positions? Actually, no, because the operation is contiguous. But consider: 

Suppose we have "ba". We can change the entire substring (0 to 1) to get "az". Or we can change only the first character to get "az". Same result.

But then, what if we have "bc"? Changing the entire substring (0 to 1) gives "ab", and changing only the first character gives "ac". "ab" is better.

So, the key is: we can change a substring that starts at 0 and goes to some j, and then the rest is unchanged. But we might also choose to not change the beginning and change a substring that starts later.

But the beginning must be as small as possible. So if the first character is not 'a', we can set it to 'a' by shifting the first character (if we shift only the first character) or by shifting a longer substring.

But then, after setting the first character to 'a', we look at the second character. We want to set it to 'a' if possible. But to set the second character to 'a', the original second character must be 'b' (so that shifting once gives 'a') or we can shift it multiple times? No, only one operation.

Wait, no: the operation is applied once and the entire substring is shifted by one. So each character in the substring is decreased by one, but only once.

So, for the second character to become 'a', the original second character must be 'b'. Then, if we shift the substring from 0 to 1, the second character becomes 'a'. 

But if the second character is 'a', then we cannot shift it (because that would make it 'z').

So, the process is:

We can choose a substring from i to j. The condition for a character at position k (in the substring) to be beneficial is: if s[k] is 'a', then shifting it is bad (unless we don't shift it). But if we are forced to shift a substring that includes an 'a', then that 'a' becomes 'z', which is bad.

But we can choose the substring. So we should avoid including any 'a' in the substring? Not necessarily, because maybe including an 'a' is necessary to get a better result in the left? Actually, no, because if we have an 'a' in the substring, that character becomes 'z', which is the largest character, so it would make the string lexicographically larger.

So, we should not include any 'a' in the substring? 

But wait, consider a case: "za". If we shift the entire substring (0 to 1), then "za" becomes "yz". But if we don't shift, it's "za". Now, "yz" is lexicographically larger than "za" because 'y' comes after 'z'? Wait, no: 'y' is less than 'z'? Actually, no: 'y' is less than 'z'? Wait, no: 'a' < 'b' < ... < 'y' < 'z'. So "za" vs "yz": 
First character: 'z' vs 'y' → 'y' is smaller, so "yz" is lexicographically smaller than "za". 

Wait, that's correct. So in "za", shifting the entire substring gives "yz", which is smaller than "za". 

But wait, in "za", the first character is 'z'. We can change it by shifting the substring that includes the first character. Then the first character becomes 'y' (which is smaller) and the second character becomes 'z' (from 'a'). 

But then, the entire string becomes "yz". But if we don't shift, it's "za". Now, "yz" is lexicographically smaller than "za" because 'y' < 'z'. 

So, in this case, we must shift the entire substring to get a smaller result.

But then, the 'a' is being shifted to 'z', which is bad, but because the first character was 'z' (which is high) and we changed it to 'y', which is better, the overall string becomes smaller.

So, we can include 'a's in the substring if the preceding characters are high enough so that the overall effect is beneficial.

But then, how to determine the best substring?

This seems complex. Let me think of an alternative approach.

We can consider that the operation is equivalent to: we choose a substring and subtract 1 from each character (with 'a' becoming 'z').

The goal is to minimize the string lexicographically.

Lexicographical order: compare character by character from left to right.

We want to minimize the leftmost character. Then, if the leftmost character is the same, the next, etc.

So, we can try to minimize the first character. 

The first character can be minimized by either:
1. Leaving it unchanged (if it's already the smallest possible) or 
2. Changing it (if we can get a smaller character).

But what is the smallest possible first character? It can be 'a' (if the original is not 'a') or 'a' (if we can shift a substring that includes the first character and the shift makes it 'a' without wrapping? Actually, no: if the first character is 'b', shifting once gives 'a'. But if the first character is 'a', we cannot change it without making it 'z', which is worse.

But wait, what if we don't change the first character? Then it remains 'a'. 

But then, if the first character is 'b', we can change it to 'a' by shifting the first character (and then the rest of the string might be shifted as well). 

But then, what about the rest of the string? 

Actually, the rest of the string might become worse because we are forced to shift a contiguous substring. 

But the benefit of having a smaller first character might outweigh the harm in the rest.

So, the idea is: we can consider the following:

We want to set the first character to 'a' if possible. To set the first character to 'a', the first character must not be 'a' originally (because then we cannot set it to 'a' without wrapping). Then, we must shift a substring that includes the first character.

But then, the next characters (if any) in the substring will also be decreased. 

But then, we can stop the substring at the first position where the character is 'a' (so that we don't decrease any 'a's). 

Wait, but we can choose the substring arbitrarily. So, for the first character, if it is not 'a', we can set it to 'a' by shifting a substring that starts at 0 and goes at least to 0. Then, for the subsequent characters, we can choose to stop the substring at a certain point.

But then, what is the best way to choose the substring?

Let me consider:

We can break the string into segments. We want to change as much as possible without including any 'a' (because including 'a' would turn it into 'z' which is bad) unless the inclusion of 'a' is necessary to decrease a character that is very high (like 'z') to a lower one (like 'y').

But actually, if we have a high character (like 'z') and then an 'a', then shifting the entire substring (from the first 'z' to the 'a') would turn the 'z' into 'y' and the 'a' into 'z'. Then the string becomes "y..." (with the 'a' now 'z') which is better than leaving the 'z' as 'z' and the 'a' as 'a'? 

Wait, no: "z" becomes "y" (which is better) and "a" becomes "z" (which is worse). But in lex order, the first character is the most important. So if we have "za" vs "yz", "yz" is better. So even though the second character is worse, the first character is better and that dominates.

So, the rule is: we should decrease a character if the result is a smaller letter (without wrapping) or if the wrap-around is beneficial because the leftmost character is being decreased from a high value.

But the operation is contiguous, so we can only decrease a contiguous segment.

So, the strategy is:

1. We want to decrease the leftmost characters as much as possible (to 'a' if possible) without making any character worse than necessary.

But note: we can only decrease each character once (in the chosen substring).

Now, consider the following greedy approach:

We can try to form the smallest string by scanning from left to right and deciding whether to start a substring (operation) or not.

But we can only do one operation (one contiguous substring).

So, we can consider two cases:

Case 1: The operation does not cover the entire string. Then, we have a prefix (unchanged) and a suffix (unchanged) and a middle part (shifted).

Case 2: The operation covers the entire string.

But then, how to choose the substring optimally?

Another idea: 

Let me define an array "can_shift" that indicates for each position, if we can shift it (i.e., the character is not 'a') without making the string worse? Not exactly.

Actually, we can think of the following:

We want to decrease the string as much as possible, but we have to consider that if we decrease a character from 'a', it becomes 'z' (which is bad). So, we should avoid decreasing 'a's.

But then, what if we have a sequence of characters that are all above 'a'? Then, we can decrease them all.

But the contiguous constraint complicates things.

Alternatively, we can consider that the operation is equivalent to subtracting 1 from a contiguous segment, with 'a' wrapping to 'z'.

We want the lexicographically smallest result.

Lexicographical order is determined by the first character that differs.

So, we can try to find the leftmost position where we can decrease the character (if possible) and then continue decreasing until we hit a position that we cannot decrease (or we decide to stop).

But we can only decrease a contiguous substring.

So, the optimal strategy might be:

1. Start from the left. We want to decrease the first character if it is not 'a' (to 'a') by shifting a substring that starts at 0. But then, we must continue shifting until we hit a character that is 'a' (because if we stop earlier, then the following characters (which are not shifted) might be higher than if we had shifted them).

But wait, consider: "bd". 
- If we shift from 0 to 0: "bd" becomes "ad".
- If we shift from 0 to 1: "bd" becomes "ac".

"ac" is smaller than "ad", so we should shift the entire substring.

But why? Because after shifting the first character to 'a', the second character is still 'd' (if we only shift the first) or becomes 'c' (if we shift both). Since 'c' is less than 'd', the entire substring shift is better.

So, the rule is: once we start a substring (because the first character is not 'a'), we should continue shifting until the end of the string or until we hit a character that is 'a' (so that we don't turn that 'a' into 'z')? 

But consider: "bdca"
We want to minimize lexicographically.

Option 1: Shift entire substring: "bdca" becomes "aczb". 
Option 2: Shift from 0 to 3: same as above.
Option 3: Shift from 0 to 2: "bdca" -> "aczb" (same as above? Actually, no: shifting 0 to 2: 
b->a, d->c, c->b, so the string becomes "abczb"? Wait, no: the substring from 0 to 2 is "bdc" which becomes "acb", so the entire string is "acb" (from 0-2) + "a" (unchanged) → "acba".

Now, compare "acba" and "aczb":

First two characters: "ac" vs "ac" → same.
Third character: 'b' vs 'z' → 'b' is smaller, so "acba" is lexicographically smaller.

So, we should stop the substring at the first 'a' after the start? Actually, no. In "bdca", the substring from 0 to 2 includes the 'c' (which is not 'a') and then the last character is 'a' which is not shifted. But in this case, the substring from 0 to 2 is better.

But then, how did we decide to stop at 2? 

Actually, we stop when the character is 'a' only if we want to avoid shifting an 'a'. But in "bdca", the last character is 'a' and we don't shift it, so it remains 'a'. But if we shift until the last character, then the last character becomes 'z', which is bad.

But in the example above, we didn't shift the last character, so that is good.

So, the idea is: 

We want to shift a substring starting from some index i (initially 0) and ending at j. The condition to stop is: either j is the end, or the next character is 'a' (because if we shift an 'a', it becomes 'z', which is bad, and we can avoid that by stopping at the previous character).

But is that always optimal?

Let me test with "za":

We have "za". We want to choose a substring. 

If we shift from 0 to 0: "za" becomes "ya" (because 'z'->'y', and the second character remains 'a'). 
If we shift from 0 to 1: "za" becomes "yz".

Now, compare "ya" and "yz": 
First character: 'y' vs 'y' → same.
Second character: 'a' vs 'z' → 'a' is smaller. So "ya" is lexicographically smaller than "yz".

So, we should not shift the entire substring in "za". We should stop at the first character.

But according to the rule: we start at 0, and then we see that the next character is 'a' (at index 1). So we stop at 0. That gives "ya", which is correct.

Now, consider "zb":

We have "zb". 

Option 1: Shift from 0 to 0: "zb" becomes "yb".
Option 2: Shift from 0 to 1: "zb" becomes "ya".

Now, "ya" vs "yb": "ya" is lexicographically smaller. So we should shift the entire substring.

But according to the rule: we start at 0, then the next character is 'b' (not 'a'), so we continue. Then, at the end, we stop because j is at the end. So we shift the entire substring, which is correct.

Now, consider "ac":

We have "ac". 

Option 1: Shift from 0 to 0: "ac" becomes "zb" (because 'a'->'z') → "zb"
Option 2: Shift from 0 to 1: "ac" becomes "zb" (because 'a'->'z', 'c'->'b') → "zb"

But if we don't shift, the string is "ac". 

Now, "ac" vs "zb": "a" is less than 'z', so "ac" is lexicographically smaller. 

So, we should not shift any part of "ac". 

But according to the rule: we start at 0, and the first character is 'a'. We cannot shift an 'a' because that would make it 'z' (worse). So we leave it. But our rule was: we start from 0 only if the character is not 'a'. 

Actually, we don't have to start at 0. We can choose any substring. 

So, the rule should be:

We can consider two possibilities:

1. Do not shift the first character (if it is 'a') and then try to shift a substring that starts later. 

But then, how to find the best substring?

Alternatively, we can think: 

The lexicographical order is minimized if we minimize the first character, then the second, etc.

The first character can be minimized by:

- If the first character is not 'a', then we can set it to 'a' (by shifting a substring starting at 0) and then we must consider the rest of the string.

But then, after setting the first character to 'a', we look at the second character. 

But if we set the first character to 'a', then the second character might be shifted (if we shifted a substring that includes it) or not.

But the operation is contiguous, so if we start at 0, then we must shift from 0 to some j.

So, the idea is:

We can consider two cases:

Case 1: The resulting string has the same prefix as the original until a certain point, then the substring is shifted.

But then, we can use a two-pointer approach or dynamic programming? But the string is long (300,000), so O(n^2) is not acceptable.

We need an O(n) or O(n log n) solution.

Another idea:

Let me consider the following: 

We can only decrease each character once (if included in the substring). And the decrease is by one, wrapping 'a' to 'z'.

We want the lexicographically smallest string.

Let me define an array "res" of the same length as s, which will store the resulting character.

But we can only do one contiguous operation.

Now, note that the operation is applied exactly once. 

We can consider the following:

The final string is:

  s[0:i] + (each character in s[i:j] decreased by one, with 'a' becoming 'z') + s[j:]

We need to choose i and j (0<=i<=j<=n) to minimize the string.

We can iterate i from 0 to n, and for each i, find the best j.

But that is O(n^2), which is not acceptable for n=300,000.

We need a better approach.

Let me try to derive the conditions for the best substring.

Observation 1: The first character must be 'a' if possible. 

To have the first character as 'a', we must shift a substring that includes the first character, and the original first character must not be 'a' (because if it is 'a', we cannot get 'a' by shifting). 

But if the first character is 'a', then we leave it and look for the next character.

But then, the next character: if it is 'a', leave it; if not, we can set it to 'a' by shifting a substring that starts at 0 and goes to that position? But then, we might include the first character (already 'a') and the second character (set to 'a').

But wait, if we have "aa", then we cannot shift because shifting any substring that includes 'a' would turn it to 'z'. So the string remains "aa".

But then, how about "ba"? We can shift from 0 to 1: "ba" becomes "az". Or shift from 0 to 0: "ba" becomes "az" (same). 

But "az" is lexicographically smaller than "ba", so we do it.

Now, the general algorithm:

We want to choose a substring [i, j] such that the resulting string is minimized.

We can consider that the resulting string is determined by:

  For positions 0 to i-1: the same as s.
  For positions i to j: each character decreased by 1 (with 'a' becoming 'z').
  For positions j+1 to end: the same as s.

Now, to compare two strings lexicographically, we compare character by character.

We can try to find the leftmost position where the two strings differ. 

We can use a greedy approach:

Let me define an array "shift" of booleans, but we can only shift one contiguous segment.

Alternatively, we can consider:

1. The prefix before the operation must be the same as the original until the start of the operation. But then, the operation start is the first position where we can get a smaller character.

But what is the smallest character we can get at a position? 

At a position, the character can be:

- The original character (if not shifted)
- The original character - 1 (if shifted, unless it's 'a' then 'z')

But we can only shift a contiguous segment.

Now, we want to find the smallest string.

Let me consider the following:

We can consider two types of operations:

Type A: The operation does not cover the entire string. Then, the string is divided into three parts: unchanged prefix, shifted middle, unchanged suffix.

Type B: The operation covers the entire string.

But then, how to choose the best Type A and Type B?

Actually, the best string might be obtained by a Type A operation.

Now, the key is: we want to change the leftmost characters as little as possible (to the smallest letter) without making the string worse.

But the operation is contiguous, so we can only change a contiguous block.

Let me try to formulate:

We want to choose a substring [i, j] such that the resulting string is minimized.

We can compare two candidates (i1, j1) and (i2, j2) by comparing the resulting strings.

But comparing two strings of length 300,000 is O(n), and we cannot iterate over all possible substrings (O(n^2)).

We need to find the optimal substring in linear time.

Another observation:

The effect of the operation is that in the substring, each character is decreased by one (with wrap). 

We can think of the resulting string as:

  res[k] = 
      s[k] if k < i or k > j
      'z' if s[k]=='a' (because a-1 is z) else chr(ord(s[k])-1) for k in [i, j]

But then, the lexicographical order is determined by the first difference.

We can consider: 

1. The best candidate must start at the first position where the character is not 'a' (because if it is 'a', we cannot get a smaller character by shifting it, so we must leave it or shift a substring that starts later). 

Actually, if the first character is 'a', then we cannot improve it, so we leave it and look for the next character.

But then, the next character: if it is 'a', leave it; if not, we can set it to 'a' by shifting a substring that starts at 0 and goes to that position. But wait, if we start at 0, then the first character is 'a' (already) and then we shift the second character from x to x-1. But the first character is already 'a', so the second character being 'a' is not necessary.

But consider: "aa" → cannot change, so "aa".

But "ab": 
- If we don't shift, "ab".
- If we shift from 0 to 1: "ab" becomes "za" (because 'a'->'z', 'b'->'a') → "za".
But "za" is lexicographically larger than "ab", so we should not shift.

But wait, "ab" vs "za": 
First character: 'a' vs 'z' → 'a' is smaller, so "ab" is lexicographically smaller than "za". 

So, if the first character is 'a', we should not shift it, and then for the second character, we can leave it or shift it? 

But if we shift a substring that does not include the first character, then the first character remains 'a'. 

For "ab", if we shift from 1 to 1: "ab" becomes "a" + (chr(ord('b')-1) = 'a' → "aa". 

Now, "aa" is lexicographically smaller than "ab". 

So, in "ab", we should shift the substring from 1 to 1 to get "aa".

So, the operation doesn't have to start at 0.

The optimal substring can start anywhere.

So, the algorithm:

We can consider every possible starting index for the substring? That would be O(n) starting points, and for each starting point, find the ending index. But that is O(n^2).

We need a linear solution.

Let me try to derive the optimal substring:

We want to choose [i, j] to minimize the string.

The resulting string is:

  s[0:i] + (each char in s[i:j] decreased by 1 (with 'a'->'z')) + s[j+1:]

We can compare two candidates (i1, j1) and (i2, j2) by:

  Compare the resulting strings from left to right until a difference is found.

But doing that for every candidate is too slow.

Another idea:

We can consider the following:

The lexicographically smallest string is achieved by:

  For each position, we want the smallest character possible, given the constraint that the operation is one contiguous substring.

But the operation is contiguous, so the only way to change a character is if it is inside the chosen substring.

Now, the smallest character we can achieve at position k is:

  If k is in the substring: 
        if s[k] == 'a', then 'z' (which is the only option)
        else, the previous character (s[k]-1)
  Else: s[k]

But the substring must be contiguous.

So, the problem reduces to: choose a contiguous substring such that the resulting string (defined as above) is lexicographically smallest.

Now, we can think greedily from left to right:

We want the first character to be as small as possible. 

For the first character:

  Option 1: Leave it unchanged.
  Option 2: Shift it (if possible) to get a smaller character.

But if we shift it, then the rest of the string (from 0 onward) must be shifted as well (if we want to minimize further).

Actually, we can only choose one contiguous substring. 

So, the decision for the first character: 

  If the first character is 'a', then the smallest we can have is 'a' (by not shifting it) or 'z' (by shifting it). 'a' is smaller than 'z', so we should not shift it.

  If the first character is not 'a', then the smallest we can have is 'a' (by shifting it) or the original character (by not shifting it). But 'a' is smaller than the original character (if the original is 'b' or higher), so we should shift it (and then we must shift a substring that includes the first character).

But then, after shifting the first character, the second character: 

  If we shifted the first character, then the second character is either shifted or not.

  We want the second character to be as small as possible.

  The second character can be:

      If not shifted: s[1]
      If shifted: 
          if s[1]=='a', then 'z'
          else, s[1]-1

  But we can only shift a contiguous substring. So if we shifted the first character, then the second character is shifted if and only if we extend the substring to include the second character.

  We need to decide whether to include the second character.

  We want the smallest character at the second position.

  Compare:

      Not shifting: s[1]
      Shifting: (if s[1]=='a' then 'z' else s[1]-1)

  But shifting might be necessary to get a smaller character.

  For example, if s[1] is 'b', then not shifting gives 'b', shifting gives 'a', which is smaller. So we should shift.

  But if s[1] is 'a', then not shifting gives 'a', shifting gives 'z', which is larger. So we should not shift.

  But the catch is: the substring must be contiguous. If we shifted the first character, then to shift the second character, we must extend the substring to include the second character.

  So, if the first character is not 'a', then we must start the substring at 0. Then, for each subsequent character, we decide whether to include it in the substring or not.

  The decision for each position k (starting from 0) is:

      We are in the substring (because we started at 0). We can choose to continue the substring or not.

      We want to have the smallest character possible at each position.

      At position k, if we are still in the substring (i.e., we haven't decided to stop), then the character is:

          if s[k]=='a', then 'z'
          else, s[k]-1

      But if we stop the substring at k, then from k+1 onward, the characters are unchanged.

      However, we can also choose to start the substring at a later position.

  But then, the first character is 'a', then we cannot start at 0 (because shifting it would make it 'z' which is worse). Then, we start at 0 is not allowed. Then, we must start at some i>0.

  So, the algorithm is:

  We can consider two cases:

  Case 1: The substring starts at 0.
  Case 2: The substring does not start at 0.

  For Case 1: 
      We start at 0. We must continue until a certain point j.
      For each position k from 0 to j, the character is decreased by 1 (with 'a'->'z').
      For positions > j, unchanged.
      We need to choose the best j.

  For Case 2:
      We start at some i (>=1). Then, for positions 0 to i-1, unchanged. Then, from i to j, decreased. Then, unchanged from j+1.
      We need to choose the best i and j.

  But then, how to choose j for a given i?

  For a given i (start of substring), we want to extend j as far as possible, but not include any 'a' (because that would turn 'a' to 'z' which is bad) unless extending the substring allows us to decrease a high character (like 'z') to a lower one (like 'y') and the overall string becomes smaller.

  But the effect of including an 'a' is always bad at its position, but might be compensated if the substring is long and the left part is very high.

  Actually, including an 'a' at position k will set the character to 'z', which is the highest character. That will make the string lexicographically larger from that position onward.

  So, once we start a substring, we should stop at the first 'a' encountered (because including 'a' is bad). 

  But wait, consider "za" (from earlier): 
      If we start at 0, then we encounter 'a' at position 1. We should stop at 0, which is correct.

  But consider "zb": 
      We start at 0, then at position 1, we have 'b' (not 'a'), so we continue. Then, the substring is the entire string. That is correct.

  But consider "ba": 
      We start at 0, then at position 1, we have 'a'. We should stop at 0, which gives "az", which is correct.

  But consider "bdca" (from earlier): 
      We start at 0, then at position 0: 'b'->'a' (good), position 1: 'd'->'c' (good), position 2: 'c'->'b' (good), position 3: 'a' (stop). 
      So the substring is from 0 to 2, and the resulting string is "abc" + "a" (unchanged) → "abca". 

  But wait, the original string was "bdca", and the resulting string is "abca". 

  But earlier, we saw that shifting from 0 to 2 gives "abca", and that is lexicographically smaller than shifting the entire string (which would be "aczb" → "a" from 'b'->'a', 'c'->'b', 'd'->'c', 'a'->'z' → "abcbz"? Actually, no: the entire string is "bdca", shifted entire string: 
      'b'->'a', 'd'->'c', 'c'->'b', 'a'->'z' → "acbz". 

  Now, compare "abca" and "acbz":

  "abca" and "acbz": 
      First character: 'a' vs 'a' → same.
      Second character: 'b' vs 'c' → 'b' is smaller, so "abca" is lexicographically smaller.

  But according to our rule (stop at first 'a' after start), we stop at position 2 (the 'c' is not 'a') and then the next character is 'a' at position 3, so we stop at 2. That gives "abca", which is correct.

  But wait, the rule is: start at 0, and then for each character, if it is 'a', stop (don't include it), else include it. 

  In "bdca", we start at 0, include 'b' (becomes 'a'), then 'd' (becomes 'c'), then 'c' (becomes 'b'), then at 'a' (at index 3), we stop. So the substring is 0 to 2.

  Now, consider a more complex example: "edcba"

  We want to minimize lexicographically.

  Option: start at 0, and stop at the first 'a' encountered. 

  "edcba" → 
      e->d, d->c, c->b, b->a, a->z (if we go to the end). But we stop at the first 'a' (which is at index 4). So the substring is 0 to 3. 

  Result: "dcba" + "z" (no, wait: the substring is "edcba" from 0 to 3: "edcb" becomes "dccb", and then the last character 'a' is not shifted → "dccb" + "a" = "dccba".

  But is that the best? 

  Alternatively, if we start at 0 and go to the end: "edcba" becomes "dcbaz". 

  Compare "dccba" and "dcbaz":

  First three characters: "dcc" vs "dcb" → "dcc" is larger than "dcb" because 'c' > 'b' at the second character. So "dcbaz" is smaller.

  So our rule (stop at the first 'a') did not yield the best result.

  Why? Because by stopping at the first 'a', we avoided shifting the 'a' to 'z', but then the character before the 'a' (which was 'b') was shifted to 'a', and then the substring ended. But if we shifted the entire string, then the 'b' becomes 'a' (same as in the previous case) but then the 'a' becomes 'z', which is bad, but the string "dcbaz" is still smaller than "dccba" because at the fourth character, 'a' vs 'c' (in "dccba", the fourth character is 'b' from the shifted 'c' in "edcba"? 

  Let me re-calculate:

  Original: "edcba"

  Candidate 1: substring from 0 to 3: 
      "edcb" becomes "dccb" (each character decreased: e->d, d->c, c->b, b->a) → wait, 'b' becomes 'a'. So the substring "edcb" becomes "dccb" is not correct. 

  Actually, "edcb": 
      e -> d
      d -> c
      c -> b
      b -> a
  So the substring becomes "d c b a" → "dcba", and then the last character 'a' is not shifted, so the full string is "dcba" + "a" = "dcbaa"? 

  Wait, no: the substring is from 0 to 3 (inclusive), so the characters at 0,1,2,3 are shifted, and character 4 is not. 

  So the string is:
      index0: 'e'->'d'
      index1: 'd'->'c'
      index2: 'c'->'b'
      index3: 'b'->'a'
      index4: 'a' (unchanged)

  So the string is "dcb a a" → "dcb aa" (without space) → "dcb aa" is not, it's "dcb a" (fourth character is 'a' from the shifted 'b') and then fifth character is 'a' from the original. 

  Actually, the string is "dcbaa".

  Candidate 2: substring from 0 to 4 (entire string):
      "edcba" becomes:
          e->d, d->c, c->b, b->a, a->z
      So "dcbaz".

  Now, compare "dcbaa" and "dcbaz":

  First three characters: "dcb" vs "dcb" → same.
  Fourth character: 'a' vs 'a' → same.
  Fifth character: 'a' vs 'z' → 'a' is smaller. 

  So "dcbaa" is lexicographically smaller than "dcbaz".

  But then, why did I think "dcbaz" is smaller? Because I mistakenly compared "dccba" (which is not the result) with "dcbaz". 

  The correct result for candidate 1 is "dcbaa", which is smaller than "dcbaz".

  But is "dcbaa" the smallest possible?

  Let me consider other candidates:

  Candidate 3: start at 0, stop at index 2 (substring "edc" becomes "dcb", then the rest is "ba", so "dcb" + "ba" = "dcbba".

  Compare "dcbba" and "dcbaa":

  First three characters: "dcb" vs "dcb" → same.
  Fourth character: 'b' vs 'a' → 'a' is smaller, so "dcbaa" is smaller.

  Candidate 4: start at 0, stop at index 1: "ed" becomes "dc", then "cba" unchanged → "dcba" → "dcba" is "d c b a", which is "dcba". 

  Compare "dcba" and "dcbaa": 
      "dcba" is shorter? No, same length. 
      "dcba" vs "dcbaa": 
          "dcba" is "d c b a" and "dcbaa" is "d c b a a". 
      Actually, the strings are of the same length? No, "dcba" is length 4, "dcbaa" is length 5? 

  Wait, no: the original string is "edcba" (length 5). 

  For candidate 1: substring from 0 to 3 (4 characters), so the result is "dcbaa" (5 characters).
  For candidate 4: substring from 0 to 1 (2 characters), so the result is "dc" + "ba" (the rest unchanged) → "dcba" (4 characters)? 

  Actually, no: the operation is applied on substring from 0 to 1 (inclusive), so the string becomes:

      index0: 'e'->'d'
      index1: 'd'->'c'
      index2: 'c' (unchanged) 
      index3: 'b' (unchanged)
      index4: 'a' (unchchanged)

  So the string is "d c c b a" → "dccba".

  Now, compare "dccba" (candidate 4) and "dcbaa" (candidate 1):

  "dccba" and "dcbaa": 
      First character: 'd' vs 'd' → same.
      Second character: 'c' vs 'c' → same.
      Third character: 'c' vs 'b' → 'b' is smaller, so "dcbaa" is smaller.

  Candidate 5: start at 0, stop at index 4 (entire string) → "dcbaz".

  Candidate 6: start at 0, stop at index 0: "e"->'d', then "dcba" unchanged → "d dcba" → "ddcba".

  "ddcba" is larger than "dcbaa" because 'd'>'d' is not, but then 'd' vs 'c' at the second character: 'd'>'c', so "ddcba" is larger.

  Candidate 7: start at 0, stop at index 2: substring "edc"->"dcb", then "ba" unchanged → "dcbba".

  Compare "dcbba" and "dcbaa":

      "dcbba" and "dcbaa": 
          First three: "dcb" vs "dcb" → same.
          Fourth: 'b' vs 'a' → 'a' is smaller, so "dcbaa" is smaller.

  Candidate 8: start at 0, stop at index 3: "dcbaa" (already considered).

  Candidate 9: start at 0, stop at index 4: "dcbaz".

  So the best is "dcbaa" from candidate 1.

  Now, our rule (stop at the first 'a') for candidate 1: we start at 0, and the characters are:

      index0: 'e' -> include (not 'a')
      index1: 'd' -> include
      index2: 'c' -> include
      index3: 'b' -> include (because 'b' is not 'a')
      index4: 'a' -> stop (but we are already at the last character)

  Actually, the rule is: we stop at the first 'a' encountered. But we are allowed to go beyond 'a' if we want? 

  In candidate 1, we did not stop at index3 because 'b' is not 'a'. We only stopped at index4 because it is 'a'. 

  But the rule "stop at the first 'a'" is: once you see an 'a', you stop including further characters. But in candidate 1, we did not stop at index3 because 'b' is not 'a', but we did stop at index4 because it is 'a'. 

  But then, the substring is from 0 to 3 (index3 is 'b', which is not 'a', so we continue to index4, which is 'a', and then we stop). 

  But the rule should be: we stop including characters at the first 'a' (i.e., we do not include any 'a' in the substring). 

  But in candidate 1, we did include the 'b' (index3) and excluded the 'a' (index4). 

  The rule is: we start at 0, and then for each character, if it is 'a', we stop (meaning we do not include this character). But if it is not 'a', we include it. 

  But then, in "edcba", we include indices 0,1,2,3 (because they are not 'a') and then at index4, we see 'a' and stop. But then, the substring is from 0 to 3 (inclusive), which is correct.

  But then, why did I think the rule was stop at the first 'a' encountered? Actually, the rule is: we include a character if it is not 'a', and we stop including at the first 'a' (and that 'a' is not included). 

  But then, the resulting string is "dcbaa", which is correct.

  But then, consider a case where there is an 'a' in the middle:

  Example: "edcba" is already considered.

  Example: "edcba" with an 'a' at index2: say "edcba" becomes "edcba" with s[2]=='a'. 

  String: "edcba" is not changed, but let's take "edcba" as "edcba" (original). 

  Another example: "edcba" is given.

  But wait, the rule is: we start at 0, and then for each character, if it is not 'a', we include it (i.e., we shift it) and if it is 'a', we stop (and do not shift it). 

  But then, the resulting string is determined by:

      For each position from 0 to n-1:
          if we are still in the substring (not stopped), then if the character is 'a', stop and from now on do not shift; else, shift it.
          else (already stopped), do not shift.

  But then, the substring is from 0 to the position before the first 'a' (if any) or to the end if there is no 'a').

  But then, is that always optimal?

  Let me test with "zb" (from earlier): 
      Start at 0: 'z' is not 'a', so include it (shift to 'y'), then next character 'b' is not 'a', so include it (shift to 'a'). Then, the string is "ya". 
      This is correct.

  Test with "za": 
      Start at 0: 'z' is not 'a', include it (shift to 'y'), then next character 'a' is 'a', so stop. The string is "ya". 
      This is correct.

  Test with "ba": 
      Start at 0: 'b' is not 'a', include it (shift to 'a'), then next character 'a' is 'a', so stop. The string is "aa". 
      But wait, the original is "ba", shifting from 0 to 0 gives "az", but our rule says we include the first character and then stop at the second (because it's 'a') and do not shift it. 

  But then, the resulting string is: 
      index0: 'b'->'a'
      index1: 'a' (not shifted) 
      So "aa". 

  But is "aa" lexicographically smaller than "az"? 

  "aa" and "az": 
      First character: 'a' vs 'a' → same.
      Second character: 'a' vs 'z' → 'a' is smaller. 

  So "aa" is smaller. 

  But then, our rule is: we start at 0 and then stop at the first 'a'. That means we only shift the first character. 

  But the operation is to shift a contiguous substring. In "ba", if we only shift the first character, the substring is "b", and the resulting string is "a" + "a" = "aa". 

  But if we shift the entire substring (both characters), then the string becomes "az". 

  Our rule does not consider shifting the entire substring. 

  The rule is: we start at 0 and then stop at the first 'a'. But we are allowed to shift a substring that includes the first character and goes beyond the first 'a' if we want. 

  But in this case, shifting the entire substring gives "az", which is larger than "aa". 

  So our rule (only shift until the first 'a') is correct.

  But then, what if we have "baa": 

  Rule: start at 0, 'b'->'a', then next character 'a' (at index1) → stop. So the string is "a" + "a" + "a" (index2 is not shifted) → "aaa".

  But if we shift the entire substring (0 to 2): 
      'b'->'a', 'a'->'z', 'a'->'z' → "azz". 

  "aaa" is lexicographically smaller than "azz", so our rule is correct.

  But consider "bza": 

  Rule: start at 0, 'b'->'a', then next character 'z' is not 'a', so include it (shift to 'y'), then next character 'a' is 'a', so stop. 
  Result: "a" + "y" + "a" = "aya".

  But if we shift the entire substring (0 to 2): 
      'b'->'a', 'z'->'y', 'a'->'z' → "ayz".

  "aya" is smaller than "ayz", so our rule is correct.

  But consider "bdca" (from earlier): 
      Rule: start at 0, 'b'->'a', then 'd'->'c', then 'c'->'b', then 'a'-> stop. 
      Result: "a" + "c" + "b" + "a" = "acba". 

  But earlier we saw that shifting the entire substring gives "acbz", which is larger than "acba". 

  But wait, "acba" vs "acbz": 
      First two characters: "ac" vs "ac" → same.
      Third character: 'b' vs 'c' → 'b' is smaller, so "acba" is smaller.

  So our rule is correct.

  But then, what about the case where the first character is 'a'? 

  In that case, we cannot start at 0 because shifting 'a' to 'z' is bad. 

  So, if the first character is 'a', then we must start the substring at a later position or not at all.

  But then, the resulting string's first character is 'a', which is the smallest possible.

  Now, the algorithm for Case 1 (starting at 0) is:

      if s[0] == 'a': 
          then we cannot start at 0, so we consider Case 2.
      else:
          We start at 0 and then for each character from 0 to n-1:
              if the current character is 'a' and we are still in the substring, then we stop (and the remaining characters are unchanged).
              else, we continue (and the current character is shifted).

          But then, what if we don't want to start at 0? 

  Actually, the optimal substring might not start at 0 even if the first character is not 'a'. 

  Consider: "baa" (already considered) → shifting from 0 to 0 gives "aaa", which is best.

  But consider "acba": 

  If we start at 0: 
      'a' is 'a', so we cannot start at 0. 
      Then, we look for the best substring starting at 1 or later.

  For "acba":

  Case 2: start at i (>=1).

  i=1: 
      substring from 1 to j.
      We can choose j=3: then the string becomes "a" + (substring "cba" shifted: 'c'->'b', 'b'->'a', 'a'->'z') → "a" + "baz" = "abaz".
      Or j=2: "a" + (substring "cb" shifted: 'c'->'b', 'b'->'a') + "a" = "abaa".
      Or j=1: "a" + (substring "c" shifted: 'c'->'b') + "ba" = "abba".

  Now, compare "abaa", "abba", "abaz", and the original "acba":

  "abaa", "abba", "abaz", "acba":

  The smallest is "abaa".

  But our rule for Case 1 (start at 0) is not applicable because the first character is 'a'. 

  Now, how to find "abaa" for Case 2?

  In Case 2, we start at i=1. Then, we want to decide how far to go.

  We can apply the same rule as Case 1 but starting from i=1:

      We start at i=1. Then, we can continue until we hit an 'a' (or not)? 

  But then, at i=1, the character is 'c' (not 'a'), so we include it and shift to 'b'. Then, at i=2, character is 'b' (not 'a'), so include it and shift to 'a'. Then, at i=3, character is 'a', so stop.

  That gives "abaa", which is correct.

  So, the algorithm for Case 2 is the same: start at i, and then for each character from i to n-1, if the character is 'a', stop; else, include and shift.

  But then, how do we know whether to start at 0 or not?

  We must consider all possible starting positions? 

  But then, the algorithm would be:

      Let n = len(s)
      Let res = s  # in case we don't do any operation, but we must do one operation, so we will consider substrings.

      But we can also consider not doing any operation? No, the operation is exactly once.

      Actually, the operation must be performed exactly once, so we must choose a non-empty substring.

      Now, the resulting string from a substring [i, j] (0<=i<=j<n) is:

          t = list(s)
          for k in range(i, j+1):
              if t[k] == 'a':
                  t[k] = 'z'   # but wait, we can also consider that we might not want to shift an 'a' if it is beneficial not to? But no, if we include an 'a', it becomes 'z'. But we can choose to not include it.

          Actually, we are allowed to choose any substring. The best substring for a given start i is determined by: start at i, and then for each character from i onward, if the character is 'a', stop; else, shift it and continue.

      But then, the best substring for start i is: from i to the first 'a' (exclusive) or to the end if no 'a' is found.

      Then, the resulting string for start i is:

          prefix = s[0:i]
          mid = (each character in s[i:j+1] shifted, where j is the last character before the first 'a' after i, or if no 'a', then j = n-1)
          suffix = s[j+1:]   # if we stopped at j because of 'a', then j is the last character included, so the suffix starts at j+1.

      But then, we need to choose the best i from 0 to n-1.

      But n is 300,000, and for each i, we might have to scan up to n characters, leading to O(n^2).

  We need to optimize.

  Observation:

  The resulting string for a given i is determined by:

      prefix = s[0:i] (unchanged)
      then a shifted substring from i to j (j is the minimum of (n-1, the index of the first 'a' after i))
      then suffix = s[j+1:] (unchanged)

  But the shifted substring is: for each character from i to j, 
        if the character is 'a', then 'z' (but j is chosen as the first 'a', so the last character in the substring is not 'a'? Actually, we stop at the first 'a', so the substring does not include the 'a'. 

  Actually, the rule is: we start at i, and we include a character if it is not 'a', and we stop at the first 'a'. So the substring is from i to the position before the first 'a' after i.

  But then, the resulting string for a given i is:

      res = s[0:i] + 
            ''.join( chr(ord(ch)-1) if ch != 'a' else 'z' for ch in s[i:j] ) + 
            s[j:]

  But wait, no: if we stop at the first 'a', then the 'a' is not included. So the substring is from i to j-1, and then the 'a' is at position j, which is not shifted.

  Actually, the rule is: we start at i, and then for each character from i onward, if it is 'a', we stop (so we do not shift this 'a' and also do not include it in the substring). Otherwise, we shift it and continue.

  So, for a given i, the substring is from i to k, where k is the largest index such that for all indices from i to k, the character is not 'a'. 

  But then, the next character (k+1) is 'a' or the end of the string.

  But then, the resulting string for start i is:

      prefix = s[0:i]
      mid = (each character in s[i:k+1] shifted)   [k+1 is the first 'a' or n]
      suffix = s[k+1:]   # if k+1 is the first 'a', then it is not shifted.

  But wait, if we stop at the first 'a', then the 'a' is not included. So the substring is from i to k, where k is the last character before the first 'a' after i.

  But then, the condition is: we shift all characters from i to the character before the next 'a' (if any).

  But then, the resulting string is uniquely determined for each i.

  Now, we need to choose the best i.

  How to compare two candidates i1 and i2 without building the entire string (which is O(n))?

  We can compare the resulting strings by:

      Compare s[0:i1] and s[0:i2] (the prefixes) first. If they are different, then we know which is smaller.

      If the prefixes are the same (i1 == i2 or the prefixes are identical), then compare the mid and suffix.

  But then, we need to compare two strings that are the result of different operations.

  Alternatively, we can try to find the best i by scanning from left to right and then also consider that the best substring might be the entire string.

  But the number of i is n, and comparing two candidates might be O(n), so overall O(n^2).

  We need a linear solution.

  Another observation:

  The resulting string for a given i is:

      s[0:i] + (shifted s[i:k+1]) + s[k+1:]

  Where k is the index of the first 'a' after i (or n if there is no 'a').

  But note: if we start at a later i, the prefix s[0:i] is the same as the original, and then we shift a substring that is a suffix of the original substring shifted in the candidate that starts at 0.

  Actually, the candidates are independent.

  But note: the operation is contiguous and only one operation.

  Another observation: 

  The lexicographically smallest string must have the leftmost character as small as possible. 

  The smallest character for the first position is:

      If the first character is not 'a', then we can set it to 'a' (by starting at 0) or leave it (if we start later, then the first character remains the same).

      But 'a' is the smallest, so if we can set the first character to 'a', we should.

  But if the first character is 'a', then we leave it.

  But then, the second character: if we start at 0, we can set it to 'a' if the second character is not 'a' (by including it in the substring). Or if we start at 1, then the second character is the first character of the substring and can be set to 'a' if it is not 'a'.

  But the first character is 'a', so the second character's minimization is independent.

  Actually, the best candidate must be either:

      Candidate 0: start at 0 (if s[0]!='a')
      Candidate 1: start at some i>=1

  And the best candidate is the minimum between Candidate 0 and the best Candidate 1.

  But how to find the best Candidate 1 without O(n^2)?

  Let me try to compute the resulting string for each i in a smart way.

  We can precompute:

      next_a[i]: the next occurrence of 'a' from index i (or a large number if none)
      Also, we can precompute the shifted string for the entire string if we start at 0? 

  But the resulting string for a given i is:

      prefix = s[0:i]
      mid = (each character in s[i:next_a[i]] shifted)
      suffix = s[next_a[i]:]

  But wait, next_a[i] is the first 'a' at or after i. Then, the substring is from i to next_a[i]-1.

  But then, the resulting string is:

      s[0:i] + 
      ''.join(chr(ord(ch)-1) if ch != 'a' else 'z' for ch in s[i:next_a[i]]) +   # but note: in the substring, if we encounter 'a', we stop, so we only go up to next_a[i]-1. But next_a[i] is the first 'a', so s[i:next_a[i]] does not include 'a'? 

  Actually, next_a[i] is the index of the first 'a' from i. So the substring is s[i:next_a[i]] (which is from i to next_a[i]-1) and then the 'a' at next_a[i] is not shifted.

  But then, the resulting string for candidate i is uniquely determined.

  Now, to find the best candidate i, we can do:

      candidates = []

      # Candidate 0: if s[0]!='a'
      if s[0]!='a':
          # We start at 0
          # Find the next 'a' after 0 (or the end)
          next_a0 = next_a[0]  # which is the first 'a' at or after 0
          # Then, the resulting string is:
          #   s[0:0] (empty) + shifted(s[0:next_a0]) + s[next_a0:]
          # But actually, the prefix is s[0:0] (empty), mid is s[0:next_a0] shifted, and suffix is s[next_a0:]
          # But note: the operation is from 0 to next_a0-1.
          # But we can compute the resulting string for candidate 0.
          # But we don't need to build the string, we need to compare.

      Then, for each i from 0 to n-1, we can consider candidate i.

  But then, comparing two candidates might be expensive.

  Alternative approach:

  We can consider that the best candidate is the one that minimizes the string.

  The string is determined by the first difference.

  We can try to find the leftmost position where the candidate string can be minimized.

  Another idea:

  Let's define an array "best" where best[i] is the resulting string if we start the substring at i (following the rule: shift until the first 'a' after i).

  But storing the entire string for each i is not possible.

  We can use a rolling hash to compare two candidates in O(1) after O(n) preprocessing, but then we need to find the minimum candidate, and the minimum is defined by lexicographical order, which is not a simple number.

  Or, we can try to find the best candidate by scanning from left to right and keep the best candidate so far.

  We can simulate the candidates in one pass.

  Observation:

  The resulting string for candidate i is:

      s[0:i] + (shifted s[i:j]) + s[j:]

  where j = next_a[i] (the first 'a' after i).

  We can precompute next_a[i] for all i.

  Then, we can try to find the best candidate by comparing candidate i and candidate i+1.

  But comparing two candidates might be done by:

      Let candidate i: 
          prefix_i = s[0:i]
          mid_i = shifted(s[i:j_i])
          suffix_i = s[j_i:]

      candidate i+1:
          prefix_{i+1} = s[0:i+1]
          mid_{i+1} = shifted(s[i+1:j_{i+1}})
          suffix_{i+1} = s[j_{i+1}:]

  To compare candidate i and candidate i+1, we need to compare:

      s[0:i] + mid_i + s[j_i:]  vs  s[0:i+1] + mid_{i+1} + s[j_{i+1}:]

  But the two strings are of the same length? Not necessarily.

  Actually, the length is the same because we are not changing the length.

  But the comparison: 

      First, the prefixes: 
          candidate i: prefix is s[0:i]
          candidate i+1: prefix is s[0:i+1] which is s[0:i] + s[i]

      So, if s[0:i] is the same for both, then the first difference is at position i.

      At position i, candidate i has the shifted s[i] (if i is not 'a') or 'z' (if i is 'a', but then candidate i would not have started at i if i is 'a'? Actually, if s[i]=='a', then candidate i would have stopped immediately, so the substring is empty? But the substring must be non-empty. 

  Actually, the rule is: we start at i, and then if s[i]=='a', then we cannot include it (because shifting 'a' is bad) and then the substring is empty? But the operation requires a non-empty substring. 

  Wait, the operation is to select a non-empty substring. 

  But if we start at i and the character is 'a', then we cannot include it (because including it would make it 'z' which is bad), and then the substring is empty, which is not allowed. 

  So, if s[i]=='a', then we cannot start at i. 

  But then, what is candidate i for i where s[i]=='a'? 

  Actually, the rule should be: we start at i, and then we only include characters that are not 'a'. But if the very first character (at i) is 'a', then we cannot include it, and then the substring is empty. But the operation requires a non-empty substring. 

  So, we cannot start at i if s[i]=='a'. 

  Therefore, for candidate i, we require that s[i]!='a'. 

  Then, the substring is from i to j-1, where j is the next 'a' after i.

  And the resulting string is:

      s[0:i] + (shifted s[i:j]) + s[j:]

  Now, to find the best candidate, we can do:

      best_string = None

      For i in range(n):
          if s[i]=='a': 
              continue  # cannot start here
          j = next_a[i]  # the first 'a' at or after i
          # Build the resulting string from i to j-1: but building the entire string for each i is O(n), and i goes to n, so O(n^2)

  We need to avoid building the string.

  We can use a suffix array or something? 

  Alternatively, we can try to compare candidates on the fly.

  Since the resulting string is determined by the rule, we can compare two candidates i and k by:

      Let x = min(i, k)
      Compare s[0:x] (the prefixes) — if different, then the candidate with the smaller prefix is better.

      If x is the end of the shorter prefix, then the candidate with the longer prefix is better only if the longer prefix is not present? Actually, the prefixes are of length i and k, so if i < k, then the prefix for candidate i is s[0:i] and for candidate k is s[0:k]. 

      But the two candidates' resulting strings have different lengths for the prefix part? 

  Actually, the resulting string for candidate i has length n, and similarly for candidate k.

  But the prefixes are s[0:i] for candidate i and s[0:k] for candidate k. 

  We can compare the two resulting strings by:

      Compare the first min(i, k) characters: if i < k, then candidate i's prefix is s[0:i] and candidate k's prefix is s[0:k] (which is s[0:i] + s[i:k]). 

      But wait, candidate i's resulting string is s[0:i] + (shifted s[i:j]) + s[j:], and candidate k's is s[0:k] + (shifted s[k:l]) + s[l:].

  This is complex.

  Another idea: 

  The best candidate must be the one that minimizes the string. 

  We can consider that the best candidate is the one that starts at the first position where the character is not 'a' and then extends until the next 'a'.

  But then, why not consider only candidate 0 (if applicable) and candidate 1 (if applicable) and the candidate that starts at the first 'a' + 1? 

  But the examples show that the best candidate might not be candidate 0.

  Let me try with "acba" (from earlier):

      s = "acba"
      next_a = [1, 1, 3, 3]  # for i=0: next 'a' is at 1; i=1: next 'a' is at 1; i=2: next 'a' is at 3; i=3: next 'a' is at 3.

      Candidates:
        i=0: s[0]=='a' → skip.
        i=1: s[1]=='c' → allowed. 
            j = next_a[1]=1. So substring is s[1:1] (empty) → not allowed? 

  But wait, the rule: we start at i=1, then we look at s[1]=='c' (not 'a'), so we include it. Then, we look at the next character (if any) after s[1] (which is at index2). But next_a[1] is 1, which means the first 'a' at or after 1 is at index1. But index1 is the current character? 

  Actually, next_a[i] should be the first 'a' strictly after i, or at i if s[i]=='a'. But if s[i]=='a', we skip. 

  But in our rule, if s[i]=='a', we cannot start. 

  For i=1, s[1]=='c', so next_a[1] is 1 (the first 'a' from index1 is at index1? No, index1 is 'c'. 

  We need to precompute next_a[i] as the smallest index j >= i such that s[j]=='a', or n if none.

  For "acba":

      next_a[0]: 'a' at index0 → 0
      next_a[1]: 'c' at index1, then 'b' at index2, then 'a' at index3 → 3
      next_a[2]: 'b' at index2, then 'a' at index3 → 3
      next_a[3]: 'a' at index3 → 3

  Then, for i=1: 
      s[1]=='c' (not 'a'), so we include it.
      j = next_a[1]=3, so the substring is s[1:3] (indices 1 and 2) → "cb" becomes "bz"? 

  But wait, the rule is: we stop at the first 'a' after i. In "acba", after index1, the next 'a' is at index3. So we include indices 1 and 2 (because at index3 is 'a', we stop before including it).

  But then, the resulting string is:

      prefix = s[0:1] = "a"
      mid = shifted(s[1:3]) = "c"->'b', "b"->'a' → "ba"
      suffix = s[3] = "a"

  So the string is "a" + "ba" + "a" = "abaa".

  For i=2:
      s[2]=='b' (not 'a'), so include it.
      j = next_a[2]=3, so substring is s[2:3] = "b" -> 'a'
      resulting string = s[0:2]="ac" + "a" + s[3]="a" → "acaa".

  For i=0: not allowed because s[0]=='a'.

  Now, compare "abaa" and "acaa":

      "abaa" and "acaa": 
          First character: 'a' vs 'a' → same.
          Second character: 'b' vs 'c' → 'b' is smaller, so "abaa" is smaller.

  So the best is "abaa".

  Now, how to find the best candidate without building the entire string for each i?

  We can use a two-pointer approach or dynamic programming.

  Observation:

  The resulting string for candidate i is:

      s[0:i] + (each character in s[i:j] shifted) + s[j:]

  We can precompute the shifted string for the entire string? Not exactly.

  But we can compare two candidates i and k by:

      Let x = the first position where the two resulting strings differ.

      The first position is the minimum of i and k if i != k.

      If i < k, then the first min(i, k) characters are s[0:i] for candidate i and s[0:k] for candidate k.

      But s[0:i] is the same for both candidates? No, candidate i has prefix s[0:i] and candidate k has prefix s[0:k]. 

      Actually, the prefixes for candidate i and candidate k (i < k) are:

          candidate i: s[0:i]
          candidate k: s[0:k]

      But then, the two candidates have different prefixes if i < k. 

  Actually, the candidates are defined by their starting index i. The resulting string is different for each i.

  We can try to find the best candidate by iterating i from 0 to n-1 and keep the best candidate so far.

  To compare candidate i and candidate k (i < k), we can:

      Compare the two resulting strings character by character until a difference is found.

  But the resulting strings are of length n, and comparing two strings of length n is O(n), and we have n candidates, so O(n^2).

  We need a better way.

  Let me try to compare candidate i and candidate i+1:

      Candidate i: 
          prefix: s[0:i]
          mid: shifted(s[i:j_i])  (j_i = next_a[i])
          suffix: s[j_i:]

      Candidate i+1:
          prefix: s[0:i+1]
          mid: shifted(s[i+1:j_{i+1}])
          suffix: s[j_{i+1}:]

  The two resulting strings share the same prefix for the first i characters? 

  For candidate i, the first i characters are s[0:i] (unchanged).
  For candidate i+1, the first i characters are s[0:i] (unchanged) because the prefix is s[0:i+1] but wait, no: candidate i+1's prefix is s[0:i+1], which includes the first i+1 characters.

  Actually, the two candidates have different prefixes:

      Candidate i: length of prefix is i.
      Candidate i+1: length of prefix is i+1.

  So, the first i characters are the same for both candidates.

  Then, at position i:

      Candidate i: the character is the shifted s[i] (if s[i]!='a') or 'z' (if s[i]=='a', but then candidate i is not considered).
      Candidate i+1: the character is s[i] (because candidate i+1's prefix includes s[i] and is not shifted).

  So, the character at position i is:

      Candidate i: shifted(s[i]) (if s[i]!='a') or 'z' (if s[i]=='a', but then candidate i is not allowed).
      Candidate i+1: s[i]

  We can compare shifted(s[i]) and s[i]:

      If s[i] is not 'a', then shifted(s[i]) is s[i]-1, which is smaller than s[i] (unless s[i]=='a', but s[i]!='a' because candidate i is allowed).

  So, at position i, candidate i has a smaller character than candidate i+1.

  Therefore, candidate i is better than candidate i+1.

  But wait, consider candidate i and candidate i+1 for i=0 in "baa":

      s = "baa"
      next_a[0]: first 'a' is at index1.
      next_a[1]: first 'a' is at index1.

      Candidate 0: 
          prefix: s[0:0] = ""
          mid: shifted(s[0:1]) = 'b'->'a'
          suffix: s[1:] = "aa"
          Result: "a" + "aa" = "aaa"

      Candidate 1:
          s[1]=='a' → cannot start, so not considered.

      Candidate 2:
          s[2]=='a' → cannot start.

      So the best is candidate 0.

  But according to the comparison above, candidate 0 is better than candidate 1 (which is not applicable).

  Now, consider candidate 0 and candidate 2 in "baa": candidate 2 is not allowed.

  Consider "bdca" (example earlier) with candidates:

      s = "bdca"
      next_a[0]: first 'a' is at index3.
      next_a[1]: first 'a' is at index3.
      next_a[2]: first 'a' is at index3.
      next_a[3]: first 'a' is at index3.

      Candidate 0: 
          prefix: "" 
          mid: shifted("bdc") = "abc"  (b->a, d->c, c->b)
          suffix: "a"
          Result: "abca"

      Candidate 1:
          s[1]=='d' (not 'a'), so allowed.
          mid: shifted("dc") = "cb"
          suffix: "a"
          Result: "b" + "cb" + "a" = "bcba"

      Candidate 2:
          s[2]=='c' (not 'a'), allowed.
          mid: shifted("c") = "b"
          suffix: "a"
          Result: "bd" + "b" + "a" = "bdba"

      Candidate 3: not allowed.

      Now, compare "abca", "bcba", "bdba":

          "abca" vs "bcba": 
              'a' vs 'b' → 'a' is smaller, so "abca" is better.
          "abca" vs "bdba": similarly, 'a' is smaller.

      So candidate 0 is best.

  Now, compare candidate 0 and candidate 1:

      At position 0: 
          candidate 0: 'a' (from 'b'->'a')
          candidate 1: 'b' (from s[0] unchanged)
          'a' < 'b', so candidate 0 is better.

  In general, the candidate with the smallest starting index i (that is allowed) will have the smallest prefix.

  But is that always true?

  Consider two candidates i and k with i < k.

  The resulting string for candidate i has a prefix of length i (s[0:i] unchanged), and candidate k has a prefix of length k (s[0:k] unchanged).

  The first i characters of candidate k's resulting string are s[0:i] (because the prefix is unchanged). 

  But candidate i's resulting string's first i characters are s[0:i] (unchanged). 

  Then, at position i:

      candidate i: shifted(s[i]) (if s[i]!='a')
      candidate k: s[i] (because k > i, so the prefix of candidate k includes s[i] and is not shifted)

  And shifted(s[i]) < s[i] (if s[i]!='a'), so candidate i is better than candidate k at position i.

  Therefore, the best candidate is the one with the smallest i (starting index) that is allowed.

  But wait, consider "acba" (from earlier):

      Candidates:
        i=0: not allowed.
        i=1: allowed.
        i=2: allowed.
        i=3: not allowed.

      The smallest i allowed is 1.

      Candidate 1: "abaa"
      Candidate 2: "acaa"

      Compare "abaa" and "acaa": 
          'a' vs 'a' (same)
          'b' vs 'c' → 'b' is smaller, so "abaa" is better.

  But is there a candidate with i=0? No, because s[0]=='a'.

  So the best candidate is the smallest i (>=0) such that s[i]!='a' (if any) and then the candidate is uniquely determined.

  But then, is that always true? 

  Consider two candidates i and k (i < k) both allowed.

  The resulting string for candidate i has the first i characters as s[0:i] (unchanged), and then at position i, it has the shifted s[i].

  The resulting string for candidate k has the first k characters as s[0:k] (unchanged). 

  For positions 0 to i-1, both candidates have the same as the original.

  At position i, candidate i has a character that is shifted(s[i]) and candidate k has s[i] (because k>i, so the prefix of candidate k includes s[i] and is not shifted).

  And shifted(s[i]) < s[i] if s[i]!='a'.

  So candidate i is better than candidate k.

  Therefore, the best candidate is the smallest i (0<=i<n) such that s[i]!='a'.

  But then, in "acba", the smallest i with s[i]!='a' is i=1. And candidate 1 is the best.

  In "baa", the smallest i is 0, and candidate 0 is best.

  In "bdca", the smallest i is 0, and candidate 0 is best.

  In "za" (example earlier), the smallest i is 0, and candidate 0: 
      next_a[0] = 1 (because s[0]=='z' and next 'a' is at index1).
      Result: shifted(s[0:1]) = 'z'->'y', and then s[1] is 'a' (unchanged) → "ya".

  But is "ya" the best? 

  Consider candidate i=1 in "za":
      s[1]=='a' → not allowed.

  So only candidate 0 is allowed.

  In "zb", candidate 0: 
      next_a[0]=? s[0]=='z', next 'a' is not found until the end? 

  We need to define next_a[i] as the first 'a' at or after i, or n if none.

  For "zb", next_a[0] = 2 (if we consider n=2, then next_a[0]=2). 

  Then, candidate 0: 
      shifted(s[0:2]) = 'z'->'y', 'b'->'a' → "ya".

  But is there a candidate i=1? s[1]=='b' (not 'a'), so candidate 1 is allowed.

  Candidate 1: 
      next_a[1]=2 (first 'a' after index1 is at index2, but there is no index2 if the string is "zb" (length2) → next_a[1]=2 (which is out of bound).

  Then, the substring is s[1:2] = "b"->'a', and the suffix is s[2:]="".

  Result: s[0:1]="z" + "a" = "za".

  Now, compare "ya" and "za":

      "ya" and "za": 
          'y' < 'z', so "ya" is better.

  But according to our rule, the best candidate is the smallest i with s[i]!='a'. In "zb", the smallest i is 0, and candidate 0 gives "ya", candidate 1 gives "za", and "ya" is better.

  But our earlier comparison between candidate i and candidate k (i < k) said that candidate i is better than candidate k. 

  In this case, candidate 0 is better than candidate 1.

  But the rule "best candidate is the smallest i" holds.

  But then, what if there are multiple candidates and the smallest i is not necessarily the best? 

  Consider a hypothetical example:

      s = "bc"
      Candidates:
        i=0: next_a[0]=? if no 'a' in "bc", then next_a[0]=2 (n=2). 
            Result: shifted(s[0:2]) = 'b'->'a', 'c'->'b' → "ab"
        i=1: next_a[1]=2.
            Result: shifted(s[1:2]) = 'c'->'b' → "b" + "b" = "bb"

      "ab" is better than "bb", so candidate 0 is best.

  Another example:

      s = "cb"
      Candidates:
        i=0: next_a[0]=2 (n=2)
            Result: 'c'->'b', 'b'->'a' → "ba"
        i=1: next_a[1]=2.
            Result: 'b'->'a' → "c" + "a" = "ca"

      "ba" and "ca": 
          'b' vs 'c' → 'b' is smaller, so "ba" is better.

  But wait, "ba" is better than "ca", and candidate 0 is best.

  Now, consider an example where a candidate with a larger i is better than the smallest i:

      s = "aab"

      Candidates:
        i=0: s[0]=='a' → not allowed.
        i=1: s[1]=='a' → not allowed.
        i=2: s[2]=='b' → allowed.
            next_a[2]=3 (n=3)
            Result: shifted(s[2:3]) = 'b'->'a' → prefix s[0:2]="aa" + "a" = "aaa"

      Is there any other candidate? No.

      But is "aaa" the best? 

      We must perform exactly one operation on a non-empty substring.

      The only candidate is "aaa".

      But is there a way to get a string smaller than "aaa"? 

      We cannot change the first two characters because they are 'a' and shifting them would make 'z', which is bad. So "aaa" is the best.

  But then, the rule "smallest i" yields candidate 2, which is the only candidate.

  Now, consider an example where a candidate with a larger i is better than a candidate with a smaller i:

      s = "aba"

      Candidates:
        i=0: not allowed (s[0]=='a')
        i=1: not allowed (s[1]=='b') -> wait, s[1]=='b' is not 'a', so allowed.
            next_a[1]=? first 'a' after index1 is at index2.
            substring = s[1:2]="b"->'a'
            result = s[0:1]="a" + "a" + s[2:]="a" → "aaa"
        i=2: not allowed (s[2]=='a')

      Candidate 1: "aaa"

      Is there a candidate 0? No.

      But can we get a string smaller than "aaa"? 

      The only candidate is "aaa".

  I cannot find a counterexample.

  Therefore, the algorithm is:

      Find the smallest i (0<=i<n) such that s[i]!='a'. If no such i, then the best candidate is not found? But the operation must be performed. 

      But if there is no 'b' to 'z' in the string, then the string is all 'a's. Then, we cannot start at any i because s[i]=='a'. 

      But the operation is to select a non-empty substring. Then, we must choose a substring. 

      For a string of all 'a's, the only operation is to replace a substring with 'z's. 

      But then, the best is to choose the smallest substring (one character) and turn it to 'z', which is the worst. 

      But the problem requires exactly one operation.

      In a string of all 'a's, the best we can do is to choose the smallest substring (one character) and turn it to 'z'. But then, the resulting string will have a 'z' somewhere.

      But lexicographically, the smallest string is the one with the 'z' as right as possible.

      But we can choose any substring. 

      For example, for "aaa" (n=3):

        Option: substring of length 1: 
            "z" + "aa" = "zaa"
            "a" + "z" + "a" = "aza"
            "aa" + "z" = "aaz"

        Option: substring of length 2:
            "zz" + "a" = "zza"
            "az" + "a" = "aza"
            "aa" + "zz" = "aazz" (but length 5? No, substring of length2 in "aaa" (length3) → 
            substring from 0 to1: "aa"->"zz", then s[2]="a" → "zza"
            substring from 0 to2: "aaa"->"zzz"
            substring from 1 to2: "aa"->"zz", then s[0]="a" → "az"

        Option: substring of length3: "zzz"

        The lexicographically smallest is "aaz" (if we choose substring from 0 to1) or "az" (if we choose substring from 1 to2) but "az" is length2, no, the string length is 3.

        Actually, for "aaa" (n=3):

            substring from 0 to0: "z" + "aa" = "zaa"
            substring from 0 to1: "zz" + "a" = "zza"
            substring from 0 to2: "zzz"
            substring from 1 to1: "a" + "z" + "a" = "aza"
            substring from 1 to2: "a" + "zz" = "azz"
            substring from 2 to2: "aa" + "z" = "aaz"

        The lexicographically smallest is "aaz".

        But our rule: smallest i with s[i]!='a' — there is no such i, so we didn't consider any candidate.

  So, we must consider also the case where the string is all 'a's.

  In that case, we must choose a substring and the resulting string will have 'z's in the substring.

  To minimize lexicographically, we want to have the 'z' as far to the right as possible.

  In fact, the best is to choose the substring from 0 to k-1 for the smallest k (i.e., choose the shortest substring) and at the rightmost possible? 

  Actually, to minimize lexicographically, we want to minimize the leftmost difference. 

  In a string of all 'a's, the only way to change is to turn some 'a's to 'z's. 

  We want to change as few as possible and as far to the right as possible.

  The best is to change the last character to 'z'? 

  But then, the string becomes "aa...az". 

  Or change the first character to 'z'? "zaa...".

  "aa...az" is lexicographically smaller than "zaa...", because 'a' < 'z'.

  So, the best is to change a substring that is at the very end.

  In fact, the best is to change the smallest substring (one character) at the very end.

  For "aaa", the best is to change the last character: substring from 2 to2 → "aaz".

  For "aaaa", the best is to change the last character: "aaaz".

  So, the rule for all 'a's is: choose the substring from n-1 to n-1.

  But then, our previous rule (smallest i) does not apply.

  We must handle the all 'a's case separately.

  But note: in the all 'a's case, there is no i such that s[i]!='a'. 

  So, the algorithm is:

      Step 1: If the string has no 'a' (i.e., contains only 'b' to 'z'), then the best candidate is the smallest i (0<=i<n) with s[i]!='a', and then the result is determined by shifting from i to the next 'a' (or end).

      Step 2: If the string has only 'a's, then the best is to shift the last character only.

  But wait, what if the string is "aab"? 

      It has 'a's and a non-'a'. But the smallest i is 2 (s[2]=='b').

      But "aab" is not all 'a's.

  So, we can combine:

      If there is any i such that s[i]!='a', then the best candidate is the smallest such i.

      Otherwise (all 'a's), then the best candidate is to shift the last character only.

  But is that correct for all 'a's? 

      For "aaa", smallest i doesn't exist, so we use the all 'a's rule: shift the last character.

  But what if the string is "aaba"? 

      Here, there is a non-'a' at index2 and index3.

      The smallest i is 2.

      Candidate 2: 
          next_a[2]=? first 'a' after index2 is at index3.
          substring = s[2:3]="b"->'a'
          result = s[0:2]="aa" + "a" + s[3]="a" → "aaa" + "a" = "aaaa" (wait, no: 
          Actually, the string is "aaba", so:
            prefix = s[0:2]="aa"
            mid = shifted(s[2:3])="b"->'a'
            suffix = s[3]="a"
            result = "aa" + "a" + "a" = "aaa" + "a" = "aaaa"

      But is that the best? 

      We could also consider candidate i=3: 
          s[3]=='a' → not allowed.

      Candidate i=0 and 1 are not allowed because s[0]=='a' and s[1]=='a'.

      But what if we shift a substring that is not starting at the smallest i? 

      According to our proof, candidate 2 is the best.

  Let me verify with "aaba":

      Candidates:
        i=0: not allowed.
        i=1: not allowed.
        i=2: allowed → "aaaa"
        i=3: not allowed.

      The resulting string is "aaaa".

      Is there a better candidate? 

      We must choose a non-empty substring. The only candidate is i=2.

      But wait, we can choose a substring that is not starting at 2? 

      The rule is: the candidate is defined by the start index i and then extending until the next 'a'. But we are allowed to choose any substring. 

      In "aaba", we can choose substring from 2 to2 ("b") → "aaba" becomes "a a a a" (same as above).

      Or we can choose substring from 1 to2: 
          s[1]=='a' → not allowed? But the rule for candidate i=1 is not defined because s[1]=='a'. But the operation is to choose any non-empty substring. 

      But our candidate generation only considers starting at i and then shifting until the next 'a'. 

  We must consider all possible substrings? 

  But the rule we derived is: the best substring is the one that starts at the smallest i (if any) and then extends until the next 'a' (or end). 

  But is that always true? 

  Let me prove it:

  Let i be the smallest index such that s[i]!='a'. 

  Then, the resulting string for candidate i is:

      s[0:i] + (shifted s[i:j]) + s[j:]

  For any candidate k (k>i), the resulting string has the first i characters as s[0:i] (unchanged) and at position i, it has s[i] (not shifted) which is greater than or equal to the shifted s[i] (which is s[i]-1). 

  Therefore, candidate i is better than any candidate k>i.

  Also, for any candidate k < i, it is not allowed because s[k]=='a' (because i is the smallest index with a non-'a').

  Therefore, if there exists a candidate (i.e., there is a non-'a' in the string), then the best candidate is the smallest i with s[i]!='a'.

  For the all 'a's case, there is no candidate i with s[i]!='a', so we must choose a substring and the best is to choose the substring at the very end (one character) to minimize the lexicographical order.

  But note: in the all 'a's case, any substring we choose will turn the characters to 'z's. To minimize lexicographically, we want to change as few characters as possible and as far to the right as possible.

  The best is to change the last character only.

  But our candidate generation did not consider that because there is no i with s[i]!='a'. 

  So, the final algorithm:

      if s contains no non-'a' character (i.e., all 'a's):
          return s[0:n-1] + 'z'   ? 

      But wait, we must choose a non-empty substring. The best is to choose the last character.

      But the resulting string is: 
          unchanged prefix (all 'a's) and then the last character 'z'.

      But we can choose any substring. The best is to choose the last character.

      However, the operation is to replace each character in the substring with the previous character. For 'a', it becomes 'z'. 

      So, if we choose the last character, the string becomes s[0:n-1] + 'z'.

      But is that the smallest? 

      Consider "aaa" (n=3):

          Option: change last character: "aaz"
          Option: change the first character: "zaa"
          Option: change the middle character: "aza"
          Option: change the last two: "aaz" (same as changing last one) or "zza" (if changing the last two) — "zza" is larger than "aaz".

      So "aaz" is the smallest.

      In general, for an all 'a's string of length n, the best is to change the last character only.

  But wait, what if we change a substring in the middle? 

      For "aaaa", change the middle two characters:

          "aa" -> "zz", so the string becomes "azzz" or "zzza"? 

      Actually, for "aaaa", if we change substring from 1 to2:

          "aaaa" -> "a" + "zz" + "a" = "azz a" (without space) = "azza"

      Compare "azza" and "aaz" (for n=4, "aaz" is not applicable because n=4).

      For "aaaa" (n=4):

          Option: change last character: "aaaz"
          Option: change last two: "aazz"
          Option: change the middle two: "azza"
          Option: change the first two: "zzaa"
          Option: change the first three: "zzza"
          Option: change the first four: "zzzz"
          Option: change the first one: "zaaa"
          Option: change the second one: "azaa"
          Option: change the third one: "aaaz" (same as last one)
          Option: change the second and third: "azzza" (not applicable) — actually, substring from 1 to2: "aa"->"zz", so "a" + "zz" + "aa" = "azzaa" for n=5? 

      Let me do for n=4 "aaaa":

          Change last character: "aaa" + "z" = "aaaz"
          Change last two: "aa" + "zz" = "aazz"
          Change the middle two: substring from 1 to2: "aa"->"zz", so "a" + "zz" + "a" = "azza"
          Change the first two: "aa"->"zz", so "zz" + "aa" = "zzaa"
          Change the first three: "aaa"->"zzz", so "zzz" + "a" = "zzza"
          Change the first four: "zzzz"

      Now, compare:
          "aaaz", "aazz", "azza", "zzaa", "zzza", "zzzz"

      Lexicographical order:

          "aaaz"
          "aazz"
          "azza"
          "zzaa"
          "zzza"
          "zzzz"

      So "aaaz" is the smallest.

      In fact, the best is to change the last character only.

  Therefore, the algorithm is:

      if all characters are 'a':
          return s[0:n-1] + 'z'

      else:
          i = the smallest index such that s[i]!='a'
          j = the first 'a' after i (or n if none)
          return s[0:i] + ''.join(chr(ord(ch)-1) if ch != 'a' else 'z' for ch in s[i:j]) + s[j:]

  But wait, in the else part, we are not necessarily shifting only from i to j-1? 

  In the else part, we shift from i to j-1 (because j is the first 'a' after i, so the substring is s[i:j] (exclusive of j) or inclusive?

  In our earlier definition, next_a[i] is the first 'a' at or after i, so the substring is from i to next_a[i]-1.

  But in the all 'a's case, we don't use the else part.

  But wait, in the else part, we should use j = next_a[i] (which is the first 'a' after i, and the substring is from i to j-1).

  However, in the all 'a's case, there is no 'a' after i (if i is not the last character) or there is 'a' everywhere. But we handled all 'a's separately.

  But what if the string is "aab" (not all 'a's)? 

      i = 2
      j = next_a[2] = 3 (n=3)
      substring = s[2:3] = "b"->'a'

  That is correct.

  But what if the string is "za" (not all 'a's)? 

      i = 0
      j = next_a[0] = 1 (because s[0]=='z' and next 'a' is at index1)
      substring = s[0:1] = "z"->'y'

  That is correct.

  But what if the string is "zb" (not all 'a's)? 

      i = 0
      j = next_a[0] = 2 (n=2)
      substring = s[0:2] = "zb" -> 'y'+'a' = "ya"

  That is correct.

  But what if the string is "acba" (not all 'a's)? 

      i = 1
      j = next_a[1] = 3
      substring = s[1:3] = "cb" -> 'b'+'a' = "ba"

  Result: "a" + "ba" + "a" = "abaa", which is correct.

  But wait, the next_a[i] should be the first 'a' at or after i. In "acba", at index1, the first 'a' is at index3.

  We need to precompute next_a[i] for each i.

  We can do:

      next_a = [0]*n
      last_a = n  # a large index
      for i in range(n-1, -1, -1):
          if s[i]=='a':
              last_a = i
          next_a[i] = last_a  # the next 'a' from i is last_a (which is the next 'a' to the right, or n if not found)

  But then, for i, next_a[i] is the smallest index >= i such that s[index]=='a', or n if not found.

  Then, the substring is from i to next_a[i]-1.

  But if next_a[i] is n, then the substring is from i to n-1.

  Example: "zb", n=2, next_a[0]=2 (not found), so substring is s[0:2] (the whole string).

  But then, the resulting string is shifted(s[0:2]) + s[2:] (which is empty).

  That is correct.

  But note: in the all 'a's case, we cannot use this because there is no non-'a'. 

  So, the final implementation:

      n = len(s)
      # If the string is all 'a's:
      if all(ch == 'a' for ch in s):
          return s[0:n-1] + 'z'

      # Precompute next_a: next_a[i] is the smallest index j >= i such that s[j]=='a', or n if not found.
      next_a = [0]*n
      last_a = n  # using n as a marker (out of bound)
      for i in range(n-1, -1, -1):
          if s[i]=='a':
              last_a = i
          next_a[i] = last_a  # this is the next 'a' at or after i

      # Find the smallest i such that s[i]!='a'
      i = 0
      while i < n and s[i]=='a':
          i += 1
      # i is the start of the best candidate

      # The substring is from i to next_a[i]-1
      j = next_a[i]  # j is the first 'a' after i, so the substring is s[i:j] (from i to j-1)

      # Build the result:
      #   prefix = s[0:i]
      #   mid = each character in s[i:j] shifted: if char!='a' then char-1, else 'z' (but by definition, s[i:j] should not contain 'a' because j is the first 'a' after i)
      #   suffix = s[j:]

      res = list(s)
      # Shift the mid part
      for k in range(i, j):
          if res[k]=='a':
              res[k]='z'
          else:
              res[k] = chr(ord(res[k])-1)

      return ''.join(res)

  But wait, in the mid part, we should not encounter 'a' because j is the first 'a' after i, so from i to j-1, there is no 'a'. 

  Therefore, we can simply do:

      for k in range(i, j):
          res[k] = chr(ord(res[k])-1)

  But then, if there is an 'a' in the substring (which there shouldn't be), it will become 'z'. But our next_a[i] is defined as the first 'a' after i, so the substring is from i to j-1, which does not include 'a'.

  This is correct.

  Let me test with "acba":

      s = "acba"
      next_a[0]=0 (because s[0]=='a')
      next_a[1]=3
      next_a[2]=3
      next_a[3]=3

      i = 1 (smallest i not 'a')
      j = next_a[1]=3
      Then, for k in range(1,3): 
          k=1: 'c'->'b'
          k=2: 'b'->'a'
      res = ['a','b','a','a'] -> "abaa"

  But wait, the substring is from 1 to 2 (inclusive) and then the 'a' at 3 is not shifted.

  But the rule is: we stop at the first 'a' after i, which is at 3, so we include up to 2.

  This is correct.

  Edge: if there is no 'a' in the string, then next_a[i] will be n for all i.

  Example: "zb" (n=2), i=0, j=2, so substring is s[0:2] -> "zb" becomes "ya".

  Example: "leetcode" (example 3), which is not all 'a's, and the answer is "kddsbncd".

  Let me compute for "leetcode":

      s = "leetcode"
      next_a[0]=? 
          We need to find the first 'a' in "leetcode". There is none, so next_a[i]=8 for all i (n=8).

      i = 0 (s[0]=='l'!='a')
      j = 8
      Then, shift the entire string: 
          'l'->'k', 'e'->'d', 'e'->'d', 't'->'s', 'c'->'b', 'o'->'n', 'd'->'c', 'e'->'d'
          Result: "kddsbncd"

  That matches.

  But the example says the entire string is shifted.

  But our rule: the smallest i is 0, and then we shift until the first 'a' (which is not found, so the entire string). 

  This is correct.

  But the example explanation says: "We apply the operation on the entire string." 

  So, the algorithm is:

      if all characters are 'a':
          return s[0:n-1] + 'z'
      else:
          Precompute next_a[i] for each i (the next 'a' at or after i)
          Find the smallest i (0<=i<n) such that s[i]!='a'
          Let j = next_a[i]  # the first 'a' after i (or n if not found)
          Then, the result is:
              s[0:i] + (each character in s[i:j] shifted by one, with 'a' becoming 'z' but there should be no 'a' in s[i:j]) + s[j:]

  But wait, in the shifting, if there is an 'a' in s[i:j], it will be turned to 'z'. But our next_a[i] is the first 'a' after i, so s[i:j] should not contain 'a'. 

  However, if there is an 'a' in s[i:j], then our next_a[i] would be that 'a', so j would be that 'a', and the substring would be from i to j-1, which does not include that 'a'.

  But what if there is an 'a' at i? 

  We find i such that s[i]!='a', so s[i] is not 'a'. And next_a[i] is the first 'a' after i, so the substring s[i:j] does not include any 'a'.

  Therefore, the shifting can be done by simply subtracting 1 from each character (no 'a' to turn to 'z').

  But then, why did we have the example "ba" (which has an 'a') and it worked?

  In "ba", i=0, j=1 (next_a[0]=1), substring is s[0:1]="b"->'a'. 

  But 'b' is not 'a', so no wrapping.

  In "za", i=0, j=1, substring is "z"->'y'. 

  In "zb", i=0, j=2, substring is "zb"->"ya". 

  In "acba", i=1, j=3, substring is "cb"->"ba". 

  All these do not require wrapping because the substring does not contain 'a'.

  But what if the substring contains 'a'? 

  According to our next_a[i], it shouldn't. 

  Therefore, we can simply do:

      for k in range(i, j):
          res[k] = chr(ord(res[k])-1)

  But wait, if the substring contains 'a', then res[k]=='a' and we do 'a'-1='z'. But our next_a[i] should have caught that 'a' and set j to that index, so the substring would not include that 'a'.

  But what if the first 'a' after i is not the first 'a' in the substring? 

  Actually, next_a[i] is the first 'a' from i, so the substring is from i to next_a[i]-1, which is before the first 'a' after i.

  So, the substring does not contain 'a'.

  Therefore, the code:

      if all(char == 'a' for char in s):
          return s[:-1] + 'z'
      n = len(s)
      next_a = [0]*n
      last_a = n  # using n as a marker (out of bound)
      for idx in range(n-1, -1, -1):
          if s[idx] == 'a':
              last_a = idx
          next_a[idx] = last_a  # next_a[i] is the smallest index >= i such that s[index]=='a', or n if not found

      # find the smallest i such that s[i]!='a'
      i = 0
      while i < n and s[i]=='a':
          i += 1
      if i == n:
          # This should not happen because we checked all 'a's above.
          return s[:-1] + 'z'

      j = next_a[i]  # j is the first 'a' after i, or n if not found
      res = list(s)
      # Shift the substring from i to j-1
      for k in range(i, j):
          res[k] = chr(ord(res[k])-1)

      return ''.join(res)

  Let me test with the provided examples.

  Example 1: s = "cbabc"
      not all 'a's.
      next_a: 
          Start from end:
            'c' -> last_a remains (n=5)
            'b' -> last_a remains
            'a' -> last_a=2
            'b' -> last_a=2
            'c' -> last_a=2
          next_a = [2,2,2,2,5]  # for i=0, next_a[0]=2; i=1, next_a[1]=2; i=2, next_a[2]=2; i=3, next_a[3]=2; i=4, next_a[4]=5.

      smallest i: i=0 (s[0]=='c'!='a')
      j = next_a[0]=2
      Shift s[0:2]="cb" -> 'b'+'a' = "ba"
      Result: "ba" + s[2:] = "ba" + "abc" = "baabc"

      But the example output is "baabc". 

      However, the example explanation says: We apply the operation on the substring starting at index 0, and ending at index 1 inclusive. 

      Our result is "baabc", which is correct.

  Example 2: s = "acbbc"
      not all 'a's.
      next_a: 
          'c'->last_a=5
          'b'->5
          'b'->5
          'c'->5
          'a'->4  (then for index3: next_a[3]=4, index2: next_a[2]=4, index1: next_a[1]=4, index0: next_a[0]=4)

      smallest i: i=0 (s[0]=='a') -> then i=1 (s[1]=='c'!='a')
      j = next_a[1]=4
      Shift s[1:4]="cbbc" -> 'b'+'a'+'a'+'?' -> 
          'c'->'b', 'b'->'a', 'b'->'a', 'c'->'b' → "baab"
      Result: s[0:1]="a" + "baab" + s[4:]="c" -> "a"+"baab"+"c"="abaabc"

      But the example output is "abaab". 

      There's a discrepancy.

  Wait, example 2: s = "acbbc"

      Operation: substring starting at index1 to index4 (inclusive) → "cbbc" becomes "baab".

      But our result is "abaab" (if we do s[0:1] + shifted(1:4) + s[4:]):

          s[0:1] = "a"
          shifted(1:4) = "baab"
          s[4:] = "c"

      So the result is "a" + "baab" + "c" = "abaabc", but the example output is "abaab".

  But the example says: "acbbc" → "abaab"

  Let me read example 2 again:

      Input: s = "acbbc"
      Output: "abaab"
      Explanation: We apply the operation on the substring starting at index 1, and ending at index 4 inclusive. 

  So the resulting string should be:

      index0: 'a' (unchanged)
      index1 to index4: "cbbc" becomes "baab"
      So the string is "a" + "baab" = "abaab"

  But our code adds s[4:] which is 'c' (because the substring is from index1 to index4, so the suffix is from index5, which is empty). 

  In the example, the substring is from index1 to index4 (inclusive), so the suffix is from index5, which is out of bound, so empty.

  But in our code, we did:

      j = next_a[i]  # which is 4 (the first 'a' after index1 is at index4)
      Then, the substring is from i to j-1, i.e., from 1 to 3.

  But the example shifted from index1 to index4 (inclusive). 

  Our next_a[i] is defined as the first 'a' after i (at or after i). In "acbbc", the first 'a' after index1 is at index4 (the character 'a' at index4? But the string is "acbbc", index4 is 'c', not 'a'. 

  Wait, "acbbc": 
      index0: 'a'
      index1: 'c'
      index2: 'b'
      index3: 'b'
      index4: 'c'

  There is no 'a' in "acbbc". 

  Then, next_a[i] for i=1 should be 5 (n=5).

  Then, j=5, so the substring is from 1 to4 (inclusive).

  Then, the result is s[0:1]="a" + shifted(s[1:5])="baab" + s[5:]="" → "abaab".

  But in our next_a computation, we set next_a[i] for i=0 to4:

      We did a backward pass:

          idx=4: 'c' -> last_a=5 (initially)
          idx=3: 'b' -> last_a=5
          idx=2: 'b' -> last_a=5
          idx=1: 'c' -> last_a=5
          idx=0: 'a' -> last_a=0

      So next_a[0]=0, next_a[1]=5, next_a[2]=5, next_a[3]=5, next_a[4]=5.

  Then, for i=1 (smallest i not 'a' is 1), j=5, and we shift s[1:5]="cbbc" to "baab", and the result is "a"+"baab"+""="abaab".

  But in our next_a computation above, I mistakenly thought that the first 'a' after index1 is at index4, but there is no 'a' in "acbbc". 

  The next_a[i] is n (5) if no 'a' is found.

  So the code is correct.

  But in the next_a computation, we did:

      for idx in range(n-1, -1, -1):
          if s[idx]=='a':
              last_a = idx
          next_a[idx] = last_a

  This is correct.

  Example 3: "leetcode" is not all 'a's, and we already verified.

  Example 4: "aaa" (all 'a's) → "aa" + "z" = "aa" + "z" = "aa" is not, wait, for "aaa" (n=3), we do s[0:2]="aa" and then add 'z' → "aa" + "z" = "aa" is not the string, we are returning s[0:n-1] + 'z' → for n=3, s[0:2]="aa" and then 'z' → "aa" + "z" = "aaz".

  But "aaz" is not the best for "aaa". 

  For "aaa", the best is to change the last character only, which is "aaz". 

  But is "aaz" the best? 

  We have to compare with other options:

      Change substring of length1 at the last: "aaz"
      Change substring of length1 at the middle: "aza"
      Change substring of length1 at the first: "zaa"
      Change substring of length2 at the last two: "aaz" (same as length1 at last) or "zza" (if change last two) — "zza" is larger.
      Change substring of length2 at the first two: "zza" + "a" = "zzaa" (not applicable) — for "aaa" (n=3), change first two: "zz" + "a" = "zza"
      Change substring of length3: "zzz"

  The lexicographically smallest is "aaz".

  But "aaz" is indeed the smallest.

  However, our code for all 'a's returns s[0:n-1] + 'z'. For n=3, that is s[0:2] + 'z' = "aa"+'z'="aaz".

  But what if the string is "aaaa" (n=4)? 

      We return s[0:3] + 'z' = "aaa"+'z'="aaaz"

  But the best is to change the last character only, which is "aaaz". 

  But is there a better option? 

      Change the last character: "aaaz"
      Change the last two: "aazz"
      Change the last three: "aaaz" (same) or "azzz" (if change last three) — "azzz" is larger.
      Change the first character: "zaaa"
      Change the second character: "azaa"
      Change the third character: "aaaz" (same)

  The smallest is "aaaz".

  But "aaaz" is the same as our result.

  However, consider "aaaa" (n=4):

      Our method: change the last character only: "aaaz"

  But what if we change the last two characters? 

      "aaaa" -> change substring from 2 to3: "aa"->"zz", so the string becomes "a" + "zz" + "a" = "azza"

  "azza" vs "aaaz":

      "a" vs "a" -> same
      "a" vs "a" -> same
      "z" vs "a" -> 'a' is smaller, so "aaaz" is smaller.

  So our method is correct.

  But note: our method for all 'a's is to change the last character only. 

  But what if we change a substring that is not at the end? 

  In an all 'a's string, changing any substring will turn the characters to 'z's. To minimize lexicographically, we want to change as few characters as possible and as far to the right as possible.

  Changing the last character only is the best.

  Therefore, the final code:

      if all(char == 'a' for char in s):
          return s[:-1] + 'z'

      n = len(s)
      # Precompute next_a: next_a[i] is the smallest index j >= i such that s[j]=='a', or n if not found.
      next_a = [0]*n
      last_a = n  # using n as a marker (out of bound)
      for idx in range(n-1, -1, -1):
          if s[idx] == 'a':
              last_a = idx
          next_a[idx] = last_a  # this is the next 'a' at or after idx

      # Find the smallest i such that s[i]!='a'
      i = 0
      while i < n and s[i]=='a':
          i += 1
      if i == n:
          # This should not happen because we checked all 'a's above.
          return s[:-1] + 'z'

      j = next_a[i]  # j is the first 'a' after i, or n if not found
      res = list(s)
      # Shift the substring from i to j-1 (inclusive)
      for k in range(i, j):
          res[k] = chr(ord(res[k])-1)

      return ''.join(res)

  Let me test with "acbbc" (example2) again:

      s = "acbbc"
      next_a: 
          idx4: 'c' -> last_a=5
          idx3: 'b' -> last_a=5
          idx2: 'b' -> last_a=5
          idx1: 'c' -> last_a=5
          idx0: 'a' -> last_a=0
      So next_a = [0,5,5,5,5]

      i = 1 (because s[0]=='a', so i=1)
      j = next_a[1]=5
      Then, shift s[1:5]="cbbc" to "baab"
      Result = s[0:1]="a" + "baab" + s[5:]="", so "abaab"

  Correct.

  Example 1: "cbabc"
      next_a = [2,2,2,2,5] (n=5)
      i=0, j=2
      Shift s[0:2]="cb" to "ba"
      Result = "ba" + s[2:]="abc" = "baabc"

  Example 3: "leetcode" (n=8)
      next_a = [8,8,8,8,8,8,8,8] (no 'a' in "leetcode")
      i=0, j=8
      Shift entire string: 
          'l'->'k','e'->'d','e'->'d','t'->'s','c'->'b','o'->'n','d'->'c','e'->'d' 
          -> "kddsbncd"

  Example: "aaa" (n=3)
      all 'a's -> "aa"+'z'="aaz"

  Example: "aaaa" (n=4)
      all 'a's -> "aaa"+'z'="aaaz"

  Example: "za" (n=2)
      not all 'a's
      next_a = [1,2]  (for idx1: 'a' -> last_a=1; for idx0: 'z' -> last_a=1)
      i=0, j=1
      Shift s[0:1]="z"->'y'
      Result="ya"

  Example: "zb" (n=2)
      next_a = [2,2]
      i=0, j=2
      Shift s[0:2]="zb"->"ya"
      Result="ya"

  Example: "ba" (n=2)
      next_a = [1,2] (no 'a' in "ba"? Actually, "ba" has no 'a'. 
      Correction: "ba" has no 'a', so next_a = [2,2]
      i=0, j=2
      Shift s[0:2]="ba"->"az" (b->a, a->z) -> "az"
      But wait, our rule for candidate i=0 is to shift until the next 'a' (which is not found, so entire string). 
      But "az" is lexicographically smaller than "ba", so it is correct.

  But wait, the example "ba" was earlier handled by our rule and we said candidate 0 is "az", but then we also considered candidate 1 (not allowed) and found that candidate 0 is best.

  But in the "ba" example, the substring is from 0 to1 (entire string) and the result is "az".

  But according to the operation, the substring is "ba", and we replace 'b' with 'a' and 'a' with 'z', so "az".

  But is "az" the smallest? 

      The candidates are:
          candidate 0: "az"
          candidate 1: not allowed.
      So yes.

  But the example explanation for "ba" was that we can get "az" by shifting the first character only? 

  Actually, shifting the first character only (substring from 0 to0) would be "az" as well.

  But our rule shifts the entire string because there is no 'a' in "ba", so j=2 and we shift from 0 to1.

  But the result is the same.

  But consider "baa" (n=3):

      next_a = [1,1,3] (because s[0]=='b', s[1]=='a', s[2]=='a')
      i=0, j=1
      Shift s[0:1]="b"->'a'
      Result="a" + s[1:]="aa" = "aaa"

  But is that the best? 

      Candidates:
        candidate 0: "aaa"
        candidate 1: not allowed.
        candidate 2: not allowed.

      And "aaa" is the smallest.

  But wait, what if we shift a substring that is not starting at 0? 

      We can only start at 0 because i=0 is the smallest index with non-'a'. 

  This is correct.

  Therefore, the final code is as above.

  Complexity: O(n) for next_a and O(n) for the shifting, which is acceptable for n up to 300,000.

  Let me write the code accordingly.

  Note: The all 'a's case can be optimized to not use the next_a and the while loop. But it is already O(n).

  We can also avoid the all 'a's check by including it in the next_a computation, but the above is clear.

  Let me implement.

  One more test: "a" (n=1)

      all 'a's: then return s[0:0] + 'z' = "" + 'z' = "z"

      But the operation must be performed. The only non-empty substring is "a", which becomes 'z'. So "z" is correct.

  But wait, our all 'a's case: 
        if all(char == 'a' for char in s):
            return s[:-1] + 'z'

  For "a", s[:-1] is "" and + 'z' is "z".

  But the operation is to replace the entire string (only character) with 'z'. 

  This is correct.

  But what if the string is "aa" (n=2)?

      all 'a's: return "a" + 'z' = "az"

  But is "az" the best for "aa"? 

      Candidates:
          substring of length1 at index0: "z" + "a" = "za"
          substring of length1 at index1: "a" + "z" = "az"
          substring of length2: "zz"

      The lexicographically smallest is "az".

  So "az" is correct.

  But our method for all 'a's returns "az", which is correct.

  However, the method for all 'a's is to return s[0:n-1] + 'z'. 

  For "aa", s[0:1]="a", then + 'z'="az".

  For "aaa", s[0:2]="aa"+'z'="aaz".

  This is correct.

  Therefore, the final solution:

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to find the lexicographically smallest string that can be obtained by performing exactly one operation on the given string. The operation involves selecting any non-empty substring and replacing each character in it with the previous character in the English alphabet (e.g., 'b' becomes 'a', and 'a' becomes 'z').

### Approach
1. **Special Case Handling**: If the entire string consists of 'a's, the lexicographically smallest string is obtained by replacing the last character with 'z'. This is because any other operation would introduce 'z's earlier in the string, which would make the string lexicographically larger.
2. **Finding the Optimal Substring**: For strings containing at least one non-'a' character, the optimal substring to shift starts at the first occurrence of a non-'a' character and extends as far as possible until the next 'a' character (or the end of the string if no 'a' is found). This ensures the leftmost characters are minimized without introducing 'z's (which are lexicographically larger) in the string.
3. **Efficient Computation**: We precompute an array `next_a` where each entry `next_a[i]` holds the position of the next 'a' starting from index `i` (or the string length if no 'a' exists). This allows us to efficiently determine the substring boundaries for the operation.

### Solution Code
```python
class Solution:
    def smallestString(self, s: str) -> str:
        n = len(s)
        if all(char == 'a' for char in s):
            return s[:-1] + 'z'
        
        next_a = [0] * n
        last_a = n
        for idx in range(n-1, -1, -1):
            if s[idx] == 'a':
                last_a = idx
            next_a[idx] = last_a
        
        i = 0
        while i < n and s[i] == 'a':
            i += 1
        
        j = next_a[i]
        res = list(s)
        for k in range(i, j):
            res[k] = chr(ord(res[k]) - 1)
        
        return ''.join(res)
```

### Explanation
1. **Special Case Handling**: The code first checks if the string is composed entirely of 'a's. If so, it returns the string with the last character replaced by 'z', as this yields the lexicographically smallest result.
2. **Precompute `next_a` Array**: The `next_a` array is built by iterating from the end of the string to the start. For each character, if it is 'a', the `last_a` is updated to the current index. The `next_a` array stores the next occurrence of 'a' from each position.
3. **Determine Substring Boundaries**: The smallest index `i` where the character is not 'a' is found. The substring to shift starts at `i` and ends just before the next 'a' (or the string end if no 'a' is found).
4. **Perform Operation**: The characters in the identified substring are shifted down by one in the alphabet. The result is constructed by combining the unchanged prefix, the shifted substring, and the unchanged suffix.
5. **Return Result**: The modified string is returned, which is guaranteed to be the lexicographically smallest possible after exactly one operation.

This approach efficiently narrows down the optimal substring to shift, ensuring the solution is both correct and optimal with linear time complexity.