=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string s.
You can perform the following process on s any number of times:

Choose an index i in the string such that there is at least one character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i], and at least one character to the right that is also equal to s[i].
Delete the closest character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i].
Delete the closest character to the right of index i that is equal to s[i].

Return the minimum length of the final string s that you can achieve.
 
Example 1:

Input: s = "abaacbcbb"
Output: 5
Explanation:
We do the following operations:

Choose index 2, then remove the characters at indices 0 and 3. The resulting string is s = "bacbcbb".
Choose index 3, then remove the characters at indices 0 and 5. The resulting string is s = "acbcb".


Example 2:

Input: s = "aa"
Output: 2
Explanation:
We cannot perform any operations, so we return the length of the original string.

 
Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 2 * 10^5
s consists only of lowercase English letters.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def minimumLength(self, s: str) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have this problem where I need to find the minimum length of a string after performing a series of operations. The operation is: choose an index i, then delete the closest character to the left and the closest character to the right of i that are equal to s[i]. 

Let me try to understand with the example: s = "abaacbcbb". The output is 5. The operations were done by choosing index 2 (which is 'a'), then removing the left 'a' (at index 0) and the next 'a' to the right (at index 3). So the string becomes "bacbcbb". Then, choosing index 3 (which is 'b' now? Wait, no, after removal, the string is "bacbcbb". Actually, the example says after first operation, the string is "bacbcbb". Then choosing index 3 (which is the 'c' in the original string? Wait, maybe I should reindex after each operation.

Wait, actually, the problem says: "Delete the closest character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i]" and similarly for the right. So for index 2 in "abaacbcbb", the character is 'a'. The closest left 'a' is at index 0, and the closest right 'a' is at index 3. So we remove those two. Then the string becomes the original without the characters at indices 0 and 3. So the new string is s[1:3] + s[4:] which is "ba" from index 1 to 2 and then from index 4 to the end: "ba" + "acbcbb" = "bacbcbb". Then for the next operation, they choose index 3 (which is the 'c' in "bacbcbb"?). Actually, the example says: choose index 3, then remove the closest left and right 'c's. The left 'c' is at index 1 (because in "bacbcbb", the first character is 'b', then 'a', then 'c' at index 2? Wait, no, the string after first operation is "bacbcbb". Let me write the indices:

Original: a b a a c b c b b
Indices: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

After removing indices 0 and 3, the string is: 
Indices 1: 'b'
Index 2: 'a' (from original index 2) but wait, when we remove index 0, the string shifts? Actually, no, because we are deleting two characters. The operation is done on the current string. So after deleting index 0, the string becomes "baacbcbb". Then deleting index 3 (which is the 'a' from original index 3? But wait, in the new string, the indices are 0: 'b' (from original index 1), 1: 'a' (original index 2), 2: 'a' (original index 3) — no, wait, actually, we delete two characters: the one at the left and the one at the right. The operation is: choose index i (which is 2 in the original) and then delete the left one (index 0) and the right one (index 3). So the string becomes the original without the characters at 0 and 3. So the remaining characters are from index 1 to 2 and 4 to 8. So the new string is "ba" (from indices 1 and 2) and then "acbcbb" (from 4 to 8). So the new string is "baacbcbb". Then, the next operation: they choose index 3 (the 'c' in the new string? Let me see the new string: "baacbcbb". The indices are 0: 'b', 1: 'a', 2: 'a', 3: 'c', 4: 'b', 5: 'c', 6: 'b', 7: 'b'. So index 3 is 'c'. Then we remove the closest left 'c' and the closest right 'c'. The left 'c' is at index 3? No, the left side: from index 3, the closest 'c' to the left is the one at index 3? Wait, no: the operation requires that there is at least one character to the left and right that is equal to s[i]. But at index 3, the character is 'c'. To the left, we look for a 'c'. The left side: from index 2 is 'a', index 1 is 'a', index 0 is 'b' — no 'c' to the left? Then how did they remove? 

Wait, maybe I misinterpreted the operation. The operation says: choose an index i such that there is at least one character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i], and at least one character to the right that is also equal to s[i]. Then, delete the closest character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i] and the closest to the right. 

In the example, after first operation, the string is "baacbcbb". Now, we can choose index 3 (the 'c') because to the left, there is a 'c'? Actually, no, because the left side from index 3: the characters are 'b', 'a', 'a' — no 'c'. So that operation is invalid. Then how did they get "acbcb"?

Wait, the example says: 
Choose index 3, then remove the characters at indices 0 and 5. The resulting string is s = "acbcb".

Wait, in the original string, after first operation, the string is "bacbcbb". Then, they choose index 3 (the 'c')? But then, the left side of index 3 in "bacbcbb" (which is 0-indexed: 0:'b', 1:'a', 2:'c', 3:'b', 4:'c', 5:'b', 6:'b') — wait, actually, the first operation removed indices 0 and 3, so the original string "abaacbcbb" becomes:

Original: a b a a c b c b b
Remove indices 0 and 3: remove the first 'a' and the fourth character (which is 'a')? Then the string becomes: 
Index 0: original index 1: 'b'
Index 1: original index 2: 'a'
Index 2: original index 4: 'c'
Index 3: original index 5: 'b'
Index 4: original index 6: 'c'
Index 5: original index 7: 'b'
Index 6: original index 8: 'b'

So the string is "bacbcbb". Now, the next operation: choose index 3 (the 'b' at position 3). Then, we need to remove the closest left 'b' and the closest right 'b'. The closest left 'b' is at index 0 (the first character) and the closest right 'b' is at index 5 (the last 'b' in the string). So removing those two, the string becomes: 
Remove index 0 and index 5 from "bacbcbb". The characters at indices 0 and 5 are the first 'b' and the last 'b' (the one at the end). Then the remaining string is "acbc" (from indices 1 to 4). Wait, no: the string is "bacbcbb". Removing index 0 and 5: 
Indices: 
0: b (remove)
1: a
2: c
3: b
4: c
5: b (remove)
6: b (but wait, the string only has 7 characters? Or maybe I miscounted. 

Wait, the original string after first operation is "bacbcbb" which is 7 characters. Then removing two characters (index 0 and 5) leaves 5 characters: indices 1 to 4 and 6? Actually, no, because when you remove two characters, the string becomes a new string without those two. So from "bacbcbb", removing the first character and the sixth character (index 5, because 0-indexed, the sixth character is at index 5). Then the remaining characters are: 
Index 1: 'a'
Index 2: 'c'
Index 3: 'b'
Index 4: 'c'
Index 6: 'b' — wait, no, because after removing index 0 and 5, the string becomes: 
"a" (from index 1) + "c" (index2) + "b" (index3) + "c" (index4) + "b" (index6) — but that's 5 characters. But the example says the result is "acbcb", which is 5 characters. 

But wait, the example says: "The resulting string is s = 'acbcb'." So that's correct. 

But then the operation was done on index 3 (the 'b') and removed the left 'b' (which was at index 0) and the right 'b' (at index 5). 

So the operation can be done multiple times and the removal of characters can enable further operations.

Now, the problem is to find the minimum length. 

Constraints: s length up to 200,000, so we need an efficient solution.

I need to think of a strategy. 

One idea: we can use a two-pointer approach from both ends. Because the operation removes a pair of matching characters (one from the left and one from the right) and then we can continue. 

But note: the operation can be done in any order and on any index. 

Alternatively, we can think: what characters can we remove? Only characters that have a matching character to the left and right. 

But note: the removal is done by choosing an index i (anywhere) and then removing the closest matching character to the left and right. 

This operation is symmetric and can be thought of as removing pairs. 

Another way: consider that we can remove all matching pairs from the two ends? 

But the operation doesn't have to be from the ends. 

Actually, we can simulate the process: 

We can use a stack or a two-pointer that expands from the center? Or maybe we can use a greedy removal from the ends.

Alternatively, we can consider: 

What remains in the end? 

The operations can be seen as: we can remove all characters that are between two matching characters, but actually, the operation removes two characters (the left and right matching) and the chosen index is left in the middle (but actually, the operation removes two characters, so the chosen index is removed? Wait, no. 

Wait, the operation: we choose an index i, then we remove the closest left and the closest right. The chosen index i remains? Or is it removed? 

The problem says: delete the closest character to the left and the closest to the right. It doesn't say we delete the chosen index. 

But in the example: 
Original: "abaacbcbb"
Choose index 2 (character 'a'). Then delete the left 'a' (index 0) and the right 'a' (index 3). The chosen index 2 is still there? 

Wait, no, because after deletion, the string is "bacbcbb". So the character at index 2 (which was 'a') is still there. 

But then, in the next operation, they choose index 3 (which is the 'b' in the new string). The character at index 3 was originally at index 4? Actually, the indices change. 

But the operation doesn't specify that the chosen index is removed. So the chosen index remains. 

But then, the operation is essentially: if there are two matching characters (one on the left and one on the right) then you can remove those two and leave the chosen index. 

But then, the chosen index is still there. So the operation doesn't remove the chosen index. 

But then, how is the string getting shorter? Only two characters are removed per operation.

But the chosen index is still present, so the operation doesn't remove the chosen index. 

So the operation is: 
Given s and an index i, if there is a matching character to the left (any occurrence, not necessarily adjacent) and a matching character to the right, then we remove the closest one to the left and the closest one to the right. 

But note: the problem says "closest" — so we remove the immediate left and immediate right occurrences of the same character. 

Wait, the problem says: "Delete the closest character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i]." — so it's the closest, meaning the nearest occurrence to the left. Similarly for the right.

So the operation is: 
Choose an index i. 
Let j be the closest index to i (on the left) such that s[j] == s[i]. 
Let k be the closest index to i (on the right) such that s[k] == s[i]. 
Then remove s[j] and s[k].

And the operation can be done repeatedly.

Now, the goal is to minimize the length of the string.

We can view the process as: we can remove pairs of matching characters as long as they are symmetric around a center (the chosen index). 

But note: the removal of two characters might break the symmetry for other operations. 

But also, the operation can be done in any order. 

Another observation: 

Suppose we have a string. We can only remove two identical characters (the left and right) if there is an index i between them (or at least, the chosen index i must be between the left and right occurrences? Actually, the chosen index i must be between the left and right occurrences? 

Wait, no: the chosen index i must have at least one matching character to the left and one to the right. So the two removed characters must be on opposite sides of i. 

But i can be anywhere. 

But note: after removal, the string is concatenated, so indices change. 

But we can think of the problem as: we can remove pairs of the same character that are symmetric (with a center) and then continue. 

But also, removals can be nested. 

Alternatively, we can use a two-pointer approach from both ends and simulate the removals.

But the operation doesn't require the chosen index to be the center. 

Another idea: 

We can use a stack to simulate the removals. 

But the operation is defined by an index i. 

Alternatively, we can think: 

What characters are left? 

The operations can be thought of as: we can remove two matching characters if they are separated by at least one character (the chosen index). 

But note, the chosen index must have the same character? No, the chosen index can be any character, but the removal is for the same character as the chosen index. 

Wait, no: the removal is for the same character as s[i]. 

So if I choose an index i with character 'x', then I remove the closest left and right 'x's. 

So the operation removes two 'x's (if they exist). 

But then, if I have multiple 'x's, I can remove them in pairs. 

But note: the operation requires that the chosen index i is between the two removed 'x's. 

Actually, the chosen index i must be between the two removed 'x's? Because the closest left and right must be on opposite sides of i. 

But if there are multiple 'x's, then the two removed 'x's must be the immediate ones around i. 

But then, we can think: 

We can remove all pairs of same characters that are adjacent? Not necessarily. 

Actually, we can remove two same characters that are not necessarily adjacent, but the operation requires that the chosen index i is between them. 

But then, the operation can be done multiple times, and the removals can be nested. 

For example, consider "aaba". 

We can choose index 1 (character 'a'): 
Left closest 'a' is at index 0, right closest 'a' is at index 2. Remove indices 0 and 2, leaving "ba" (if we remove index 0 and 2 from "aaba", then the string becomes the characters at index 1 and 3: 'a' and 'a'? No, wait, the string "aaba" has indices 0,1,2,3. Removing index 0 and 2, the remaining characters are at indices 1 and 3: "aa". Then we can choose index 0 (in the new string, which is the original index1) and remove the left and right? But the new string is "aa", so for index 0, the left? There is none, so operation invalid. 

But wait, in "aaba", if we choose index 2 (character 'b')? Then we look for left and right 'b's. There is no 'b' to the left or right? So that operation is invalid. 

Alternatively, choose index 3 (character 'a'): then left closest 'a' is at index 2? But index 2 is 'b', so no. 

Wait, no: the operation for index 3 (the last character) would look for the closest left 'a' and right 'a' — but there is no character to the right, so invalid.

So the only operation is at index 1. 

Then, after removing the two 'a's, the string becomes "aa" (the two a's from indices 1 and 3). Then we cannot do anything. So the minimum length is 2.

But wait, the example "aa" (length 2) cannot be operated on, so returns 2. 

So for "aaba", we end up with "aa" (length 2). 

But what if we do operations in a different order? 

Actually, the operation at index 1 is the only one. 

So the process is deterministic in the sense that the removals are fixed by the closest matching characters.

But then, we can use a two-pointer from both ends and simulate the removals.

But the operation doesn't have to be from the ends. 

But note: the operation removes the closest matching characters. 

We can use a stack or a two-pointer that moves from the center? 

Alternatively, we can consider: 

We can remove pairs of same characters as long as they are symmetric. 

But the operation requires that the chosen index is between them. 

Actually, we can consider that the entire string can be reduced by removing pairs of same characters that are symmetric. 

But the operation doesn't require the entire string to be symmetric. 

Another idea: 

We can use a greedy approach: 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters. 

But the operation is defined by an index and then removal of the left and right closest matching. 

Alternatively, we can use a two-pointer that starts from the left and right and moves inward, but only if the characters at the two pointers are the same. But then, that would be like removing from the ends. 

But the operation is not necessarily from the ends. 

Wait, consider: 

We can remove two same characters from the ends if they are the same and there is a center? 

But the operation requires a chosen index between them. 

Actually, the operation is more general: 

We can remove two same characters (left and right) if they are the same and there is an index between them (the chosen index) that is not necessarily the same. 

But then, we can remove pairs that are not adjacent. 

But note: the removal of two same characters might break the string into two parts, and then we can operate on each part independently? 

But the operation is defined on the current string. 

We can think of the problem as: 

We can remove two same characters (left and right) if there is at least one character between them (the chosen index). 

But then, the removals can be done in any order. 

But then, the problem reduces to: 

We can remove pairs of same characters as long as they are separated by at least one character. 

But then, the minimal string is the one where no two same characters are separated by exactly one character? 

Wait, no. 

Actually, we can remove any two same characters that are separated by one or more characters, provided that the chosen index (which is between them) exists. 

But then, we can remove all pairs of same characters? 

But consider: "aabaacbcbb" — the operations removed two 'a's and then two 'b's, and then two 'b's again? 

Wait, no, the first operation removed two 'a's (at index 0 and 3) and the second operation removed two 'b's (at index 0 and 5 of the new string). 

But actually, the two 'b's were not originally adjacent. 

But then, the process can remove any two same characters that are not necessarily adjacent, as long as there is a center index between them. 

But then, we can remove all duplicate characters? 

But wait, if we have three same characters, we can remove two of them (leaving one) and then the third one cannot be removed because it doesn't have a matching pair. 

But consider: "aaa" — 
We can choose index 1 (character 'a'): remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index2). Then the string becomes "a" (only one 'a' remains). 

But if we have "aaaa", we can choose index 1: remove indices0 and 3, leaving "aa" (from indices1 and 2). Then we can choose index0 (the first 'a') and remove the left (none) and right (the next 'a' at index1? But wait, the string is "aa": 
Original: "aaaa" (indices 0,1,2,3)
Operation1: choose index1, remove index0 and index3. The remaining string is "aa" (from indices1 and 2). 
Now, operation2: choose index0 (the first 'a') — then we look for left and right 'a's. There is no left, but there is a right (at index1). So we cannot perform the operation (needs both left and right). 

Alternatively, choose index1 (the second 'a') in the "aa" string: same thing, no left, so cannot.

So the result is "aa", length 2.

But if we have "aabaa", we can remove the two 'a's at the ends? 

Original: "aabaa" (indices 0,1,2,3,4)
Choose index2 (the 'b'): then we look for left and right 'b's — none, so invalid.
Choose index0: no left, so invalid.
Choose index1: 'a'. Left: the 'a' at index0, right: the 'a' at index4? But wait, the closest right 'a' is index4? Then we remove index0 and index4. The string becomes "baa" (indices1,2,3). 
Then, choose index1 (the 'a'): left is 'b' (not 'a'), so no. 
Choose index2 (the 'a'): left is 'b' (no) and right is none? No, so we cannot remove. 
So the result is "baa", length 3.

But wait, we can choose index3 (the last 'a') in the original string? 
Original: "aabaa"
Choose index4: no right, so invalid.
Choose index3: 'a'. Left: the closest 'a' is at index2? No, at index1? Actually, the closest 'a' to the left of index3 (character 'a') is the one at index1 (because index2 is 'b')? Then we remove index1 and index4. Then the string becomes "aaba" (from indices0,2,3). 
Then, we can choose index0: 'a' — left none, right: the next 'a' is at index2? But wait, the string is "aaba" (indices0:'a',1:'b',2:'a',3:'a'). 
After removing indices1 and 4 (from original, but in the original string, index4 is the last character). 

Wait, let me reindex: 
Original: "aabaa" (indices0-4)
Choose index3 (which is the fourth character, the last 'a'). 
Left: the closest 'a' to the left of index3: 
The characters to the left: 
index0: 'a'
index1: 'a'
index2: 'b'
So the closest 'a' to the left is index1 (because index0 is closer? Actually, the closest left is the nearest occurrence. So the left side: from index3, moving left, the first occurrence of 'a' is at index2? No, index2 is 'b'. Then index1 is 'a' — so the closest left is index1. 
Then we remove index1 and index3. The string becomes: 
Original indices: 0,2,4: "a" (from0), "b" (from2), "a" (from4) — so "aba". 
Then we cannot remove anything. 

So the result is "aba", length 3.

But note: the operation at index3 removed index1 and 3, leaving "aba". 

But wait, the operation requires that the chosen index i is between the two removed characters. In the original string, index3 is the last character. The left removal is at index1. So the chosen index (3) is not between index1 and the right removal (which was index4? Or index3 is the chosen index, and the right removal is the closest to the right — but index3 is the last, so there is no character to the right. 

Wait, no: the operation for index3 (the last character) requires that there is a character to the right? Then we cannot choose index3. 

Wait, the problem says: "Choose an index i in the string such that there is at least one character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i], and at least one character to the right that is also equal to s[i]." 

So for index3 (last character), there is no character to the right, so we cannot choose it. 

But in the operation above, we chose index3 (the last character) and then tried to remove the closest left and the right. But the condition for the right is not satisfied. 

So that operation is invalid. 

Then, how did we get "aba"? 

Actually, in the operation, we must have chosen an index that has both left and right. 

So for "aabaa", we can only choose indices 0,1,2,3 (but index0 and index4 are ends, so they cannot be chosen because they don't have both left and right). 

So the valid indices are 1,2,3. 

For index1: character 'a'. Left: index0 ('a') and right: index2 ('b') — no matching to the right? Actually, the right matching: we look for 'a' to the right. The next 'a' is at index3 and index4. The closest is index3? But wait, the chosen index is 1. The closest right 'a' is at index3 (because index2 is 'b'). Then we remove index0 and index3. The string becomes "b" (from index2) and "a" (from index4) — so "ba". Then the length is 2. 

Wait, that's better than 3. 

So the minimal length is 2 for "aabaa". 

So the process for "aabaa" is: 
Choose index1 (the second character, 'a'). 
Remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index3). The remaining string is "ba" (index2 and index4). 

Then, we cannot do anything because "ba" has no operation (no index with both left and right same). 

So the answer is 2. 

So the operation can remove non-adjacent characters. 

Now, the challenge is to design an efficient algorithm. 

Observation: 

The operation removes two same characters (left and right) and leaves the substring between them (and possibly other parts) intact. 

But note, the operation doesn't require the two removed characters to be adjacent. 

We can think of the problem as: 

We can remove two same characters if they are the same and there is a center (the chosen index) between them. 

But then, we can remove all pairs of same characters that are symmetric (with respect to some center) but the center is arbitrary. 

Actually, we can remove two same characters if they are the same and there is at least one character between them (the chosen index). 

But then, we can remove any two same characters as long as they are not the first and last of the entire string? 

But then, the minimal string would be the original string with all removable pairs removed. 

But note: the removals can be done in any order, and one removal might break the condition for another. 

But consider: 

We can use a two-pointer from the ends and remove pairs from the outside in. 

But the operation is not necessarily from the ends. 

But we can also consider: 

We can remove a pair of same characters only if they are the same and there is a center between them. 

But then, we can remove all pairs of same characters that are symmetric. 

But the problem is: what is the minimal string? 

We can use a stack-based approach: 

We can traverse the string and whenever we see a character that has a matching character on the left and right (and the center is between them) then we can remove them. 

But the operation doesn't require the center to be the same character. 

Alternatively, we can use a two-pointer that starts from the center and expands? 

But the string is arbitrary. 

Another idea: 

We can use a while loop that checks for the following: 

Find an index i (not at the ends) such that s[i] == s[i-1] and s[i] == s[i+1]? 

But no, because the removal is not necessarily adjacent. 

Actually, we can remove two same characters that are not adjacent. 

But then, we can remove all pairs of same characters that are separated by at least one character. 

But then, the minimal string would be the string with all removable pairs removed. 

But the removal of one pair might enable the removal of another. 

We can model the problem as: 

We have a string. We can remove two same characters (the closest left and right) for any index. 

But then, the removals can be done repeatedly. 

We can use a greedy strategy: 

1. Start from the left and right and try to match characters. 

But the operation doesn't require the two removed characters to be the ends. 

Actually, we can use a two-pointer approach from the ends and remove pairs from the outside in, but only if the characters at the two pointers are the same and there is a center between them. 

But then, we can remove the two ends if they are the same and the center exists (i.e., the string length is at least 3). 

But consider: "aabaa" — we can remove the two ends if they are the same? The ends are 'a' and 'a'. Then we remove them, leaving "abaa". Then we can remove the two ends again? 

But the operation requires a chosen index between them. 

Actually, if we remove the two ends, we are effectively removing the entire string? No, we remove two characters. 

But then, we can simulate: 

We can use a two-pointer that starts at the ends and moves inward, but only if the characters at the pointers are the same. 

But then, the operation is defined by a center, so we need to ensure that the center (the part between the two removed characters) is not empty. 

But then, we can remove the two ends only if there is at least one character in between. 

But then, the minimal string would be the middle part that cannot be reduced further. 

But consider: "abcba" — 
We can remove the two ends (both 'a') because there is a center (the substring "bcb"). Then the string becomes "bcb". Then, we can remove the two ends (the 'b's) because there is a center (the 'c'). Then the string becomes "c". 

So the minimal length is 1. 

But wait, the operation for "abcba": 
Choose an index i (say the center 'c' at index3). Then we remove the closest left 'c' and the closest right 'c'. But wait, the left side: from index3, the closest 'c' is at index1? But the chosen index is 3, so the left side is from index0 to 2. The closest 'c' to the left is at index1? Then we remove index1 and the right 'c' (index4). Then the string becomes "a" (index0) and "b" (index2) — "ab". 

Alternatively, we can choose an index between the two 'a's. 

Actually, the operation requires that the chosen index is between the two removed characters. 

In "abcba", we can choose index2 (the 'c') and then remove the left 'c' (index1) and the right 'c' (index4). Then the string becomes "a" (index0) and "b" (index2) — "ab". 

But we could also choose index1 (the 'b') and then remove the left 'b' (none, because the left of index1 is 'a') and the right 'b' (index3). But then, the condition for the left 'b' is not satisfied. 

Alternatively, choose index0: invalid (no left). 

So the only operation is at index2 (the 'c'). 

But then, the result is "ab", length 2. 

But wait, the example "abcba" — the minimal length is 2. 

But earlier, I thought of removing the two 'a's first. 

But to remove the two 'a's (the ends), we need a chosen index between them. The chosen index must be between index0 and index4. 

We can choose index2 (the 'c') and then remove the left 'c' and the right 'c', which are at index1 and index4. Then the two 'a's are still there? 

Wait, no: the operation removes two characters: the left and right matching the chosen character. The chosen character is 'c', so we remove the 'c's. 

To remove the two 'a's, we need to choose an index i that is between the two 'a's and has a matching character 'a' to the left and right. 

But the chosen index i must be between the two 'a's. 

In "abcba", the two 'a's are at index0 and index4. The chosen index i must be between 0 and 4, say index1,2,3. 

For index1: character 'b'. Then we remove the closest left 'b' (none) and the closest right 'b' (index3). So invalid for the left. 

For index2: 'c' — remove the closest left 'c' (index1) and the closest right 'c' (index4). 

For index3: 'b' — remove the closest left 'b' (index2) and the closest right 'b' (none). 

So no operation can remove the two 'a's. 

But then, the operation we did removed the two 'c's, leaving "ab". 

So the minimal length is 2. 

Now, the problem is to find the minimal length. 

We can use a two-pointer that starts from the outside and moves inward, but only if the characters at the two pointers are the same and there is a center between them. 

But then, we remove the two ends and then continue. 

But in "abcba", the two ends are 'a' and 'a'. We can remove them? 

Wait, no, because to remove the two 'a's, we need to choose an index between them that is 'a'. But the substring between is "bcb", which doesn't have an 'a'. 

But then, how can we remove the two 'a's? 

Actually, we cannot remove the two 'a's in "abcba" because there is no 'a' in the center to choose. 

So the two-pointer approach that removes the two ends only if the characters are the same and the center has at least one character (so the length is at least 3) is valid, but we need to ensure that the center has a matching character (the same as the ends) to choose? 

Actually, no. 

The operation to remove the two ends is not defined by the ends' characters. 

Actually, to remove the two ends (both 'a'), we need to choose an index i (between the ends) such that s[i] == 'a'. 

But in "abcba", the center substring "bcb" doesn't have an 'a'. 

So we cannot remove the two 'a's. 

But then, how did the operation remove the two 'c's? 

The operation to remove the two 'c's was done by choosing an index i (the 'c') in the center. 

So the idea is: 

We can remove two same characters (left and right) if there is an index i (between them) that has the same character as the ones to be removed. 

But wait, no: the operation requires that the chosen index i has a character, say x, and then we remove the closest left and right x's. 

In the operation for "abcba", the chosen index i was 'c' (x='c') and then we removed the closest left and right 'c's. 

But the two ends are 'a's. 

So the removals are for the character of the chosen index. 

So if we want to remove the two 'a's, we must choose an index i that is between them and has character 'a'. 

But in "abcba", there is no 'a' between the two 'a's. 

So the minimal string is "ab", which is of length 2. 

Now, the algorithm: 

We can use a two-pointer from the ends and simulate the following: 

While the left and right pointers are such that the characters at left and right are the same and there is a center (left < right) and the center has the same character (not necessarily) — wait, no. 

Actually, we can only remove two characters if they are the same and there is an index between them (the chosen index) that is the same as the characters to be removed. 

But that's not true: the operation is defined by the chosen index's character. 

We can remove two characters (left and right) of character 'x' if there is an index i (between them) that is 'x'. 

But then, we can remove the two 'a's in "aabaa" because there is a 'a' in the center (at index1 and index3). 

Actually, in "aabaa", we can remove the two 'a's at the ends because there is a center 'a' (at index1 or index3). 

But wait, the operation to remove the two 'a's at the ends requires choosing an index i that is 'a' and between the two ends. 

In "aabaa", the two ends are 'a' and 'a'. The center has 'a' at index1 and index3. 

So we can choose index1 (the first 'a' in the center). Then we remove the closest left 'a' (which is index0) and the closest right 'a' (which is index3). 

Then the string becomes "a" (index4). 

But wait, that leaves only one 'a'. 

But earlier, I thought we removed index0 and index3, leaving indices1,2,4: "a" (index1), 'b' (index2), 'a' (index4). 

Wait, no: the string is "aabaa". 
Indices: 0:a, 1:a, 2:b, 3:a, 4:a.

Choose index1 (character 'a'). 
Left: index0 (the closest 'a') and right: index3 (the closest 'a' to the right). 
Remove index0 and index3. 
The remaining characters are at indices1,2,4: "a", "b", "a". 

Then, the string is "aba". 

Then, we cannot remove anything. 

But then, the minimal length is 3. 

But earlier, I thought we could remove the two 'a's at the ends and leave "ab". 

But to remove the two 'a's at the ends (index0 and index4), we need to choose an index i between 0 and 4 that is 'a'. 

The available indices are 1,2,3. 

Index1: 'a' — then we remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index3). 
Index3: 'a' — then we remove the left 'a' (index1) and the right 'a' (index4). 

But note, if we choose index1, then we remove index0 and index3, leaving "aba". 

If we choose index3, then we remove index1 and index4, leaving "aba". 

But then, how did we get "ab" earlier? 

Wait, in the earlier example, I said: 
Choose index1 (the second character, 'a'). 
Remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index3). 
The resulting string is "ba" (from indices2 and4). 

Wait, no: after removing index0 and index3 from "aabaa", the remaining characters are indices1,2,4: 
index1: 'a'
index2: 'b'
index4: 'a'

So the string is "aba". 

But then, the length is 3. 

But I thought earlier that the result was "ba", but that was incorrect. 

Actually, in the original string "aabaa", after removing index0 and index3, the string is s[1:3] + s[4:5] — no, we remove two characters. 

The original string: 
0:a, 1:a, 2:b, 3:a, 4:a.

Remove index0 and index3: 
The string becomes: 
index1: 'a'
index2: 'b'
index4: 'a'

So "aba". 

Then, we cannot remove anything. 

But wait, there is a possibility: after removing index0 and index3, the string is "aba". Now, can we choose index1 (the 'b')? No, because 'b' doesn't have a matching left or right. 

Alternatively, choose index0 in "aba": invalid (no left). 

So the minimal length is 3. 

But then, why did I think it was 2 earlier? 

In the earlier explanation, I said: 
Choose index1 (the second character, 'a'). 
Remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index3). 
The resulting string is "ba" (from indices2 and4). 

But that is not correct because index4 is still there. 

Actually, when we remove index0 and index3, the string is built from the remaining indices. 

The original string: 
0:a, 1:a, 2:b, 3:a, 4:a.

After removing index0 and index3, the characters at index1,2,4 remain. 

So the string is "a" (index1) + "b" (index2) + "a" (index4) = "aba". 

So the length is 3. 

But then, how can we get a shorter string? 

We can choose index3 (the last 'a') in the original string. 

But index3 is not at the end; the end is index4. 

Alternatively, after the first operation, we have "aba". 

Then, we can choose index0 (the 'a') in "aba": 
Left: none (because it's the first character) and right: the next 'a' at index2. But the operation requires both left and right. 

So no. 

Alternatively, choose index1 (the 'b') in "aba": 
Left: 'a' (index0) and right: 'a' (index2) — but the chosen index is 'b', so we need to remove the closest left and right 'b's. There are no 'b's to the left or right (only 'a's). 

So no. 

So the minimal length is 3. 

But then, the example "aabaa" minimal length is 3. 

But the example in the problem: "abaacbcbb" — minimal length 5. 

Now, I need to design an algorithm. 

We can use a two-pointer approach from the ends and also a pointer in the middle. 

But the operation can be done in any order. 

We can use a stack or a two-pointer that simulates the removals. 

But the string can be up to 200,000 characters. 

We need an O(n) or O(n log n) solution. 

Observation: 

The operation removes two characters and the chosen index remains. 

The operation can be done repeatedly. 

The minimal string is the one where no operation is possible. 

No operation is possible if for every index i, either there is no matching character to the left or no matching character to the right. 

The condition for an index i to be operable is: 
There exists at least one occurrence of s[i] to the left of i and at least one to the right. 

So the minimal string is the one where for every index i, either no left occurrence or no right occurrence of s[i] exists. 

We can think of the process as: 

We can remove pairs of same characters as long as they are not the only occurrence of that character in the entire string. 

Actually, the operation removes two occurrences of a character (if they are the closest left and right of some index). 

But then, the minimal string will have, for each character, at most two occurrences (because if there are three, we can remove two, leaving one). 

But not necessarily: consider "abcdaa". 

But then, we can remove the two 'a's if there is a center 'a' between them. 

Actually, the minimal string for a given character is: 

- If the character appears only once, then it remains.
- If it appears twice, then if they are adjacent or not, but we can remove them only if there is a center (any character) between them. But wait, to remove them, we need to choose an index i that is between them and has character x (the same as the two to be removed). 

Actually, no: the operation removes two same characters only if they are the closest left and right of an index i that has the same character. 

But then, the two same characters being removed must be the ones that are closest to some index i that has the same character. 

This seems complex. 

Alternative approach: 

We can use a two-pointer from the ends and a middle pointer, and simulate the removals greedily. 

But the operations can be done in any order. 

Another observation: 

The operation is commutative in the sense that the order of removals doesn't matter? 

Actually, no. 

But we can consider that the process is similar to a palindrome reduction but not exactly. 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters and their positions. 

But the operation is defined by an index and then removal of the closest left and right. 

We can try to use a while loop that repeatedly scans for an index i (not at the ends) such that there is a matching character to the left and right, and then remove the closest left and right. 

But that is O(n^2) and n is 200,000 — too slow. 

We need an efficient method. 

Another observation: 

The operation removes two occurrences of a character (the left and right) if there is an occurrence of the same character (the chosen index) between them. 

Actually, no: the operation is defined by the chosen index's character. 

But then, we can remove two occurrences of character x if there is an occurrence of x between them. 

But then, the two occurrences of x being removed must be the ones that are closest to some occurrence of x. 

This is similar to: 

We can remove two occurrences of x if they are the left and right boundaries of a contiguous block of x's? 

Not exactly. 

Let's think from the perspective of each character. 

For a character 'x', let the positions where 'x' appears be p1, p2, ..., pk (in increasing order). 

We can remove pairs of 'x's: but the removal is not necessarily adjacent. 

The operation removes two 'x's (say at positions i and j) if there is an occurrence of 'x' between them (or not? Actually, the chosen index must be an 'x' between them). 

Actually, the operation to remove two 'x's requires that there is an 'x' between them. 

Because the chosen index must be an 'x' (same as the removed ones) and between them. 

So for a character 'x', the occurrences can be reduced by pairs if they are "covered" by an occurrence in between. 

Actually, we can view the occurrences of 'x' as forming a structure: 

We can remove the outermost pair of 'x's if there is an 'x' between them. 

But then, the process for 'x' is independent of other characters. 

But the operation requires that the chosen index is an 'x', and then it removes the closest left and right 'x's. 

This is similar to: 

For each character 'x', consider the sorted list of indices. 

Then, the removals for 'x' can be done greedily from the outside in: 

While there are at least two occurrences of 'x' and the first and last occurrence have an occurrence of 'x' between them, then remove the first and last occurrence. 

But then, the removal of two 'x's might be triggered by an operation that is not necessarily for the 'x' chosen index. 

Actually, the operation is triggered by any index i that is 'x' and then it removes the closest left and right 'x's. 

But then, the removal of two 'x's is done whenever there is an 'x' between them. 

So for each character 'x', the minimal number of 'x's remaining is: 

Let the occurrences of 'x' be in a list. 

Then, we can remove pairs from the outside in as long as there is an 'x' between them. 

But then, the number of 'x's remaining is: 

If the number of 'x's is 0, then 0.
If 1, then 1.
If 2, then if the two 'x's are adjacent, then we can remove them only if there is an 'x' between them? But with two 'x's, there is no 'x' between them. So they remain? 

Wait, no. 

For two 'x's at positions i and j (i < j), to remove them, we need an 'x' between them. But with only two 'x's, there is none. 

So two 'x's cannot be removed. 

But then, the operation to remove two 'x's requires an 'x' between them. 

So the minimal number of 'x's is: 

We can remove pairs from the outside in only if there is an 'x' between them. 

Actually, the process for 'x' is: 

We can remove two 'x's if they are the outermost and there is an 'x' between them. 

But then, the reduction is: 

Let the occurrences be p1, p2, ..., pk.

We can remove p1 and pk if there is an occurrence of 'x' between p1 and pk (i.e., if k >= 3). 

Then, we can remove the new outermost p1' and pk' if there is an 'x' between them. 

This is similar to a two-pointer for 'x' occurrences: 

Initialize left = 0, right = k-1.
While left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:  # at least three occurrences
    Remove p[left] and p[right]
    left++, right--

Then, the remaining occurrences for 'x' are the ones from left to right (if any).

But then, the condition for removal is that the number of occurrences between p[left] and p[right] is at least 1 (i.e., there is an 'x' between them). 

But in the list of 'x' occurrences, if we have [p0, p1, p2, ..., p_{k-1}], then removing p0 and p_{k-1} leaves [p1, ..., p_{k-2}]. 

But the condition to remove p0 and p_{k-1} is that there is an 'x' between them, which is true if there is at least one occurrence between them, i.e., if k >= 3. 

So the algorithm for each character 'x' is: 

Sort the indices where 'x' occurs.

Then, using a two-pointer from the ends, remove the outermost two if there are at least three 'x's in total (i.e., the distance between the outermost is not the only occurrence). 

But then, the remaining occurrences are the inner ones. 

And we can do this repeatedly until the number of occurrences is 0, 1, or 2. 

But if there are 2, then they cannot be removed (because to remove them, we need an 'x' between them, which is not there). 

But wait, consider three 'x's: [p0, p1, p2]. 
First removal: remove p0 and p2, leaving p1. 
Then, one 'x' remains. 

But then, the minimal number of 'x's is 1. 

But wait, the operation requires that the chosen index is an 'x'. In the three 'x's, we can also choose p1 and then remove the closest left and right 'x's (p0 and p2). 

So the result is one 'x'. 

But then, for three 'x's, the minimal is 1. 

For four 'x's: [p0, p1, p2, p3]. 
First removal: remove p0 and p3, then we have [p1, p2]. 
Then, we cannot remove them. 
So minimal is 2. 

But is that correct? 

In the original string with four 'x's, we can also choose p1 and then remove the closest left and right 'x's. The closest left to p1 is p0, and the closest right is p2. Then remove p0 and p2, leaving p1 and p3. 
Then, we cannot remove p1 and p3 because there is no 'x' between them. 

So the minimal is 2. 

But the two-pointer method (removing outermost) also leaves 2. 

For five 'x's: [p0, p1, p2, p3, p4]. 
First removal: remove p0 and p4, then we have [p1, p2, p3]. 
Then, remove p1 and p3, leaving p2. 
So minimal is 1. 

So the two-pointer (removing outermost two as long as there are at least three) gives the minimal number of 'x's. 

The number of 'x's remaining is: 

Let k = number of 'x's.

Then, while k >= 3, remove two and k -= 2.

But wait, the condition is not on the count but on the positions: we can remove the outermost two if there is at least one 'x' between them. 

But if we have k occurrences, the minimal number remaining is: 

We can remove floor((k-1)/2) pairs? 

Let's see:

k=1: 1
k=2: 2
k=3: 1 (because 3-2=1)
k=4: 2 (4-2*2=0? But we remove two pairs: first remove two from 4, then two from 2? But wait, for k=4, we remove two pairs: 4-2-2=0? But then 0. But our earlier example left 2. 

Actually, the two-pointer approach for 'x' occurrences is:

Use two pointers, left and right.
While left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:  # there is at least one 'x' between the outermost
    left++, right--, count -= 2

Then, the remaining 'x's are the ones from left to right.

But for k=4: 
Occurrences: [0,1,2,3]
left=0, right=3 -> condition: 3-0+1=4 >=3 -> remove, now left=1, right=2, count=2.
Then, condition: right-left+1=2 <3 -> stop. 
Remaining: 2.

For k=5: [0,1,2,3,4]
First: remove 0 and4, left=1, right=3, count=3.
Then: remove 1 and3, left=2, right=2 -> count=1.

For k=6: [0,1,2,3,4,5]
First: remove 0,5 -> left=1, right=4, count=4.
Then: remove 1,4 -> left=2, right=3, count=2.

So the minimal number is: 

If k == 0: 0
Else, after the two-pointer, the remaining is: 
  if k % 2 == 1: 1
  else: 0 or 2? 

Actually, from the two-pointer:

The number of removals is floor(k/2) if we remove from the outside in as long as the segment has length>=3. 

But then, the remaining is k - 2 * floor(k/2) only if we remove until the segment length is 0 or 1 or 2. 

Actually, the two-pointer method is: 

while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:
    left += 1
    right -= 1

Then, the remaining is (right - left + 1) if left <= right, else 0.

But the number of 'x's remaining is the length of the subarray from left to right.

But then, the minimal length for the entire string is the sum over all characters of the minimal number of occurrences for that character? 

But wait, the operations are not independent: 

The operation is defined by an index i and removes two characters (the closest left and right of s[i]). 

But the removal of two 'x's might be triggered by an 'x' at the chosen index, but then the same operation also removes two 'x's. 

But note: the operation removes two characters (both 'x') and the chosen index is 'x'. 

And the condition for the operation is that there is an 'x' to the left and right of the chosen index. 

But the two-pointer method for 'x' is valid because the operation for 'x' can only remove two 'x's if there is an 'x' between them (i.e., the outermost two 'x's can be removed if there is an 'x' between them). 

And the order of removal doesn't matter for 'x'. 

Moreover, the removal of two 'x's doesn't affect other characters' removal conditions? 

Actually, no. 

But then, the minimal length of the final string is the sum over all characters of the minimal number of occurrences (using the two-pointer method described) for that character. 

But wait, no. 

Consider a string with two different characters: 

s = "abacaba"

For 'a': occurrences: [0,2,4,6] -> after two-pointer: remove 0 and6, then remove 2 and4, so 0.
For 'b': occurrences: [1,5] -> cannot remove, so 2.

But then, the minimal string would be "bb", length 2. 

But let's simulate the operations:

s = "abacaba"

We can choose index0: 'a' — no left, invalid.
index1: 'b' — left 'a' (index0) and right 'a' (index2) — but the chosen index is 'b', so we need to remove 'b's. But there is no 'b' to the left or right of index1 (the 'b' at index1: left is 'a', right is 'a' — not 'b'). 
index2: 'a' — left 'a' (index0) and right 'a' (index4). Remove index0 and index4. String becomes "baacaba" without indices0 and4: 
Original indices: 0:a,1:b,2:a,3:c,4:a,5:b,6:a.
Remove index0 and4: 
String: s[1:4] + s[5:7] -> "b" + "ac" + "ba" -> "bacba"

Then, we can choose index0 (now 'b'): left none, invalid.
index1: 'a' — left 'b' (not 'a'), right 'c' (not 'a') — invalid.
index2: 'c' — left 'a' (not 'c'), right 'b' (not 'c') — invalid.
index3: 'b' — left 'a' (not 'b') and right 'a' (not 'b') — invalid.

So the string is "bacba", length 5.

But according to the character-wise two-pointer, we got 0 for 'a' and 2 for 'b', so total 2. 

But the simulation gave 5. 

So the character-wise two-pointer is not valid. 

The operations are not independent. 

We must consider the entire string. 

Another observation: 

The operation is only possible if there is a center character (the chosen index) that is the same as the two removed characters. 

But then, the removal of two characters is always for the same character (the one at the center). 

So the operation always removes two occurrences of the same character (the one at the chosen index). 

And the condition is that there is at least one occurrence of that character to the left and right of the chosen index. 

Then, the minimal string is the one where for every character, the occurrences are such that there is no index i (occurrence of the character) that has at least one occurrence to the left and right. 

But that is the definition of the operation being not applicable. 

We can use a greedy simulation with two pointers for the entire string. 

But how? 

We can use a while loop that looks for a valid operation and performs it, but that is O(n^2). 

But we need an efficient method. 

Let's re-read the operation: 

Choose an index i. 
Delete the closest character to the left of index i that is equal to s[i].
Delete the closest character to the right of index i that is equal to s[i].

This operation is equivalent to: 

For each occurrence of a character, if it is not the only occurrence, then it can be removed if there is another occurrence of the same character and a center occurrence (any occurrence) between them. 

But then, the removal of an occurrence might affect the availability of other occurrences. 

Another idea: 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters. 

But the operation is defined by an index and then removal of left and right. 

Alternatively, we can consider the following: 

The minimal string is the one that is obtained by removing all pairs of same characters that are symmetric around a center. 

But then, the answer might be the longest substring that cannot be reduced further. 

We can use a two-pointer from the ends and also a middle pointer, and simulate the removals by always removing the outermost two same characters if they are the same and there is a center between them. 

But then, we need to ensure that the center is the same character? 

No, the center can be any character. 

But the operation is defined by the center's character. 

Actually, the operation is: 

We can remove two characters (left and right) if they are the same and there is an occurrence of the same character between them. 

But then, the minimal string is the one where for every character, the occurrences are not removable. 

But then, the minimal string is the one where for each character, the occurrences form a structure that cannot be reduced by the operation. 

The operation for a character 'x' can only remove two 'x's if there is an 'x' between them. 

So the minimal number of 'x's is the number of 'x's that are not removable. 

But the removal of 'x's is independent of other characters. 

But the simulation of "abacaba" showed that the character-wise two-pointer gave 2 for 'b' (which is correct for 'b') and 0 for 'a' (but in the simulation, 'a' occurrences were reduced to 3). 

In "abacaba", the 'a' occurrences are at indices 0,2,4,6. 

In the simulation, we removed indices0 and4, leaving indices2,6. 

But then, we can choose index2 ('a') and remove the closest left 'a' (index0 is gone, so the closest left 'a' is none? Because index0 is removed, so the left of index2 is index1 ('b') — no 'a'. 

So the two-pointer for 'a' should be done on the initial occurrences and then account for the removals by other operations. 

Actually, the removals are not independent. 

We need a different approach. 

Let's try to find a pattern from the examples. 

Example1: s = "abaacbcbb" -> 5
Example2: s = "aa" -> 2
Example3: s = "aabaa" -> 3
Example4: s = "abcba" -> 2
Example5: s = "abacaba" -> 5

Let me try to find the answer for "abacaba" manually: 

s = "abacaba" (7 characters)

We can choose index2 ('a'): remove the closest left 'a' (index0) and the closest right 'a' (index4). 
String becomes "bacba" (5 characters). 

Then, no further operations. 

So answer is 5. 

But according to the two-pointer for each character independently, we got 2 for 'b' and 0 for 'a', but the actual answer is 5. 

So the minimal length is the length of the string after removing as many pairs as possible, but the removals are not restricted to one character at a time. 

Another observation: 

The operation removes two characters and leaves the chosen index. 

And the chosen index remains. 

The chosen index can be used for further operations. 

But the operation is defined by the character at the chosen index. 

We can use a two-pointer that starts from the ends and moves inward, but only if the characters at the ends are the same and there is a center character (any character) between them. 

But then, we remove the two ends. 

But in "abacaba", the two ends are 'a' and 'a'. There is a center character (the whole string is "a b a a c a b" — wait, "abacaba" is "a","b","a","c","a","b","a". 

The two ends are 'a' and 'a'. The center is "bacab". 

But the operation to remove the two 'a's requires a center 'a'. 

In "abacaba", the center has 'a's at indices2 and5 (0-indexed). 

So we can choose index2 or index5 to remove the two ends. 

But if we choose index2 (the first 'a' in the center), then we remove the left 'a' (index0) and the right 'a' (index4). 

Then the string becomes "bacba". 

If we choose index5 (the 'a' at index5), then we remove the left 'a' (index4) and the right 'a' (index6). 

Then the string becomes "abacab" (indices0-3 and5-6: "a","b","a","c","a","b"). 

Then, we can choose index4 ('a') in "abacab": 
Left: index2 ('a') and right: index5 ('b') — no 'a' to the right. 
Or choose index0: 'a' — left none, right: index2 ('a') — but then only one 'a' to the right, so remove index0 and index2? But the operation requires both left and right. 

Actually, for "abacab", we cannot remove anything. 

But initially, we removed two 'a's from "abacaba", leaving "bacba" or "abacab". 

The minimal length is the minimum of the two possibilities. 

But the problem asks for the minimum length achievable. 

So we can choose the best sequence of operations. 

In "abacaba", if we remove indices0 and4, we get "bacba" (length5). 
If we remove indices0 and6, we get "abacab" (length6). 

So the best is 5. 

Now, how to compute this efficiently? 

We can use a two-pointer from the ends and also a pointer to the last occurrence of a character that can be used as a center. 

But the string is long. 

Another idea: 

Let dp[i][j] be the minimal length achievable for the substring s[i:j+1]. 

But the string length is up to 200,000, so O(n^2) is not feasible. 

We need to find a linear or near-linear solution. 

Observation: 

The operation is local: it removes two characters and leaves the chosen index. 

The operation can be done repeatedly. 

The minimal string is the one that cannot be reduced further. 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters and their positions, and then simulate the removals from the ends. 

But the operation can be done in any order. 

Another observation: 

The operation is reversible in the sense that if you can remove two characters, you can also consider that the string is reduced by those two characters. 

But the minimal string is the one that is the "core" of the string, where no two same characters have a center occurrence. 

But then, the answer is the length of the longest substring that cannot be reduced. 

But then, we can use a greedy approach: 

Start from the left and right and try to match characters and remove them if possible. 

But the operation requires a center. 

Here is a known similar problem: "String Reduction" or "String Transformation". 

But not exactly. 

Another idea: 

We can use a two-pointer that starts from the ends and moves inward, but only if the characters at the ends are the same and there is a center character (any) between them. 

Then, we remove the two ends and then continue. 

But then, the minimal length is the length of the string after removing as many outer pairs as possible. 

But in "abacaba", the outer 'a's can be removed if there is a center 'a'. 

But then, the algorithm for the entire string is: 

1. While the string length >= 3 and the first and last characters are the same and there is an occurrence of the same character between them, remove the first and last characters.
2. Otherwise, return the length.

But then, in "abacaba", 
First iteration: first and last are 'a', and there is 'a' between them (at indices2 and5). So remove first and last, string becomes "bacab" (length5). 
Then, "bacab": first 'b', last 'b' — same. And there is a center 'a' between them? The condition is that there is an occurrence of the same character (here 'b') between them. In "bacab", the center is 'a', which is not 'b'. So we cannot remove. 

So the answer is 5. 

But is that always the minimal? 

Consider "aabaa": 
First iteration: first and last are 'a', and there is 'a' between them. Remove them, string becomes "aba" (length3). 
Then, "aba": first 'a', last 'a', and there is 'b' between them — but the condition requires the same character as the ends (which is 'a') between them. The center is 'b', which is not 'a'. So cannot remove. 

Answer 3, which matches. 

Consider "abcba": 
First iteration: first and last 'a' — same, and there is 'a' between them? The string is "abcba", the center is "bcb". The character 'a' appears in the center? No, the center is 'bcb'. So we cannot remove the two 'a's. 

But then, the answer is 5? 

But earlier, we saw that by choosing the center 'c', we can remove the two 'c's and then the string becomes "ab". 

But the above algorithm only removes the outer characters if they are the same and there is an occurrence of the same character between them. 

In "abcba", the outer characters are 'a' and 'a', but the center does not have an 'a'. 

But we can remove the two 'c's. 

So the above algorithm is not sufficient. 

We need to consider any character, not just the outermost ones. 

But then, the algorithm should be: 

While there exists any operation, perform it. 

But how to choose the best operation to minimize the string? 

But the problem asks for the minimum length achievable. 

We can use a stack-based approach: 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters and their positions. 

But the operation is defined by an index and then removal of the closest left and right. 

Alternatively, we can use a two-pointer that expands from the center and removes pairs. 

But the string is not necessarily a palindrome. 

Let's try to simulate "abcba" manually: 

s = "abcba"

We can choose index2 (the 'c') and remove the closest left 'c' (none) and the closest right 'c' (none). 

But wait, the operation requires both left and right. 

So for index2, there is no 'c' to the left or right. 

But then, how did we remove the two 'c's? 

In "abcba", the 'c' is at index2. The left and right are 'b's. 

To remove the two 'c's, we need to choose an index i that is 'c' and has a 'c' to the left and right. But there is only one 'c'. 

So we cannot remove the two 'c's. 

But earlier, I thought we removed the two 'c's by choosing the 'c' and then removing the left and right 'c's — but there are no other 'c's. 

Actually, in "abcba", there is only one 'c'. 

Then, how did we get "ab"? 

Re-read the operation for "abcba": 

Choose an index i (the 'c') and remove the closest left and right 'c's. 

But there are no 'c's to the left or right. 

So the operation is invalid. 

Then, what operation can we do? 

Choose index0: 'a' — no left, invalid.
index1: 'b' — no left 'b' and no right 'b' (only one 'b').
index2: 'c' — no left or right 'c'.
index3: 'b' — no left 'b' and no right 'b'.
index4: 'a' — no right, invalid.

So no operation is possible. 

The minimal length is 5. 

But earlier, I thought we could remove the two 'c's and get "ab". 

That was a mistake. 

In "abcba", the only operation is to choose index2 (the 'c') and remove the closest left and right 'c's — but there are none. 

So the answer is 5. 

But then, the example "abaacbcbb" has answer 5, and "abcba" has answer 5, "aabaa" has answer 3, "aa" has answer 2, "abacaba" has answer 5. 

Now, the pattern is not clear. 

We need to find a different approach. 

Let's try to derive a solution from the following:

The operation removes two characters and the chosen index remains. 

The chosen index must have a matching character to the left and right. 

This is similar to: 

We can remove two characters if they are the same and they are the left and right of a center character (the chosen index) that is the same as the removed characters. 

But then, the minimal string is the one where for every character, the occurrences are such that they cannot be removed. 

But the removals can be done in any order. 

We can use a two-pointer that starts from the ends and also a pointer to the center, and simulate the removals greedily. 

But the string is long. 

Another idea: 

The answer might be the length of the string minus twice the number of operations. 

But the number of operations is not fixed. 

We can use a stack to keep track of the characters and their positions, and then determine the minimal string. 

But the operation is not a simple stack operation. 

Let's consider the following: 

We can only remove two characters if they are the same and there is a center character (any character) between them. 

But the center character must be the same as the removed characters. 

No, the center character can be any character. 

Actually, the operation is: 

Choose an index i (any character). 
Then, remove the closest left and right characters that are equal to s[i]. 

So the removed characters are the same as s[i], and they must exist on both sides. 

This means that the operation is only possible if there is an occurrence of s[i] on the left and on the right of i. 

And the removals are for s[i]. 

Then, the minimal string is the one where for every index i, either there is no s[i] to the left or no s[i] to the right. 

This is the condition for no operation to be performed. 

Then, the minimal length is the length of the string when this condition is met. 

And the operations can be performed in any order, and the minimal length is the minimum possible length after performing any number of operations. 

This is a classic greedy problem: 

We can remove two occurrences of a character if they are the closest left and right of an index i that is that character. 

The minimal string is the one that cannot be reduced further. 

We can use a two-pass method: 

1. For each character, record the positions where it occurs.
2. For each occurrence, determine if it can be removed. 

But the removal of one occurrence might affect others. 

Actually, we can simulate the removals from the outside in for each character. 

For each character 'x', let the positions be p0, p1, ..., pk-1.

Then, we can remove pairs from the outside in as long as there is an 'x' between them. 

But the removal of an 'x' might be done by an operation that is not for 'x'. 

But the operation for 'x' is defined by an index i that is 'x'. 

And the operation for 'x' removes two 'x's. 

And the condition for the operation for 'x' is that there is an 'x' between them. 

So the minimal number of 'x's is the result of the two-pointer method described earlier for 'x'. 

But then, the total minimal length is the sum over all characters of the minimal number of occurrences for that character. 

But then, for "abacaba": 
For 'a': positions [0,2,4,6] -> two-pointer: remove 0 and6, then remove 2 and4, so 0.
For 'b': positions [1,5] -> 2.
For 'c': positions [3] -> 1.
Total = 0+2+1=3.

But the simulation gave 5. 

Contradiction. 

Unless the removal of 'a's affects the availability of 'b's and 'c's. 

But the two-pointer for 'a' is done on the initial occurrences. 

The operation for 'a' removes two 'a's, but the occurrences of 'b' and 'c' remain. 

But in the simulation, after removing two 'a's, the string becomes "bacba", which has 'b' at indices0 and2 and 'a' at indices1 and3 and 'c' at index4. 

So the 'b' occurrences are still there. 

But according to the two-pointer for 'b', initially 'b' occurrences are [1,5]. After removing some 'a's, the 'b' occurrences are still at the same indices (because 'a' removal doesn't change 'b' positions). 

So the minimal number of 'b's should still be 2. 

And for 'c': initially [3], still [3]. 

So total 2+1=3. 

But the simulation result is 5. 

There is a disconnect. 

Let me simulate the two-pointer for 'a' and 'b' and 'c' independently and see what happens: 

For 'a': 
  positions: [0,2,4,6]
  remove 0 and6 -> [2,4]
  then remove 2 and4 -> empty.
For 'b': 
  positions: [1,5]
  cannot remove, so 2.
For 'c': 
  positions: [3]
  cannot remove, so 1.

Total length 3.

But the actual minimal length is 5. 

This means that the character-wise two-pointer is not valid. 

The reason is that the operations for different characters interact. 

When we remove two 'a's, we are not allowed to remove two 'b's and two 'c's independently because the operations might not be available due to the removal of 'a's. 

In the simulation, after removing two 'a's, the 'b's are still there, but the condition for 'b' is: there must be a 'b' between them. For 'b' at index1 and5, the substring between is "acaba". There is no 'b' between them, so they cannot be removed. 

Similarly for 'c'. 

So the minimal length is 5, which is the sum of the remaining characters: 3 'a's removed (actually 2 'a's removed) and 2 'b's and 1 'c' remain. 

But the two-pointer for 'a' removed 2 'a's, so 2 'a's remain? 

In the simulation, after removing indices0 and4 from "abacaba", the 'a's at indices2 and6 remain. 

But the two-pointer for 'a' said to remove all 'a's. 

The two-pointer for 'a' should be: 

We can remove two 'a's if they are the outermost and there is an 'a' between them. 

Initially, 'a' at 0 and6 have an 'a' at2 and4 between them, so we can remove 0 and6. 

Then, the 'a's at2 and4 have an 'a' between them? The substring between index2 and4 is "c", no 'a'. 

So we can remove 2 and4 only if there is an 'a' between them, which there isn't. 

So the minimal 'a's are 2. 

But then, the total minimal length is 2 (for 'a') + 2 (for 'b') + 1 (for 'c') = 5. 

Ah! 

The two-pointer for 'a' should be: 

For 'a' occurrences [0,2,4,6]:

First removal: remove 0 and6 (because there is an 'a' between them: indices2 and4).
Then, the occurrences are [2,4].
Now, to remove 2 and4, we need an 'a' between them. The substring between is s[3] = 'c', which is not 'a'. So we cannot remove.
So remaining 'a's are 2.

Similarly for 'b': cannot remove, so 2.
For 'c': cannot remove, so 1.

Total = 2+2+1=5.

The two-pointer for 'a' is: 

Let the occurrences be in sorted order.
Use two pointers, left=0, right=3.
While left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3 and there is an occurrence of 'a' between the current left and right? 

Actually, the condition to remove the outermost two is that there is at least one 'a' between them, which is always true if there are at least three 'a's. 

But after removing two, the new outermost might not have an 'a' between them. 

The two-pointer for 'a' should be:

left = 0
right = 3
while left < right and right - left >= 2:  # at least three occurrences
    if there is an occurrence of 'a' between left and right (which there is because the occurrences are the indices of 'a's) then remove left and right.
    left += 1
    right -= 1

But then, for 'a' in "abacaba", after first removal, left=1, right=2. 
The occurrences are at indices2 and4. 
The substring from index2 to4 is "aca", which contains an 'a' at index4 (but index4 is the new right). 

Actually, the two-pointer should be applied only to the list of occurrences. 

For 'a' in "abacaba": occurrences = [0,2,4,6]

The two-pointer:

while left < right and (occurrences[right] - occurrences[left] + 1) >= 3:  # the distance between the occurrences is at least 2 (indices) so that there is at least one character between them.
    remove occurrences[left] and occurrences[right]
    left += 1
    right -= 1

But then, the condition is on the indices, not the count. 

For [0,2,4,6]:
First: 0 and6 -> 6-0=6 >=2, so remove. Now [2,4].
Then, 4-2=2 >=2, so remove. Now empty.

But that is not correct because after removing 0 and6, the 'a's at2 and4 are still there and can be removed if there is an 'a' between them. 

But the 'a' at2 and4 are adjacent in the string? No, between index2 and4 is index3, which is 'c'. 

But the condition is: there must be an 'a' between them. 

In the list of occurrences, after removing 0 and6, the occurrences are [2,4]. 
The distance between2 and4 is 2, so the number of characters between is 1 (index3). 
There is no 'a' at index3, so we cannot remove.

So the condition for removal of two occurrences (at positions L and R) is that there exists an occurrence of the character between L and R. 

In the list of occurrences, for the two-pointer, we can only remove two occurrences if there is at least one occurrence between them. 

But then, for 'a' in "abacaba", the occurrences are [0,2,4,6]. 

First removal: remove 0 and6. 
Now, the occurrences are [2,4]. 
Between 2 and4, is there an occurrence of 'a'? The list is [2,4] — no, the occurrences between 2 and4 are none. 
So we cannot remove 2 and4.

So the two-pointer for 'a' should be:

Sort the occurrences.
Let left = 0, right = len(occurrences)-1.
while left < right and right - left > 0 and there exists an occurrence between occurrences[left] and occurrences[right] (i.e., the next occurrence after left is not right, or there is an occurrence in between), then remove left and right.

But then, how to check "there exists an occurrence in between"? 

Actually, the occurrences are the indices. 

The condition is: there is an occurrence of 'x' between the two removed occurrences. 

But in the list of occurrences, if we have [0,2,4,6] for 'a', then between 0 and6, there are occurrences at2 and4, so we can remove 0 and6. 

Then, between 2 and4, there is no occurrence of 'a' (because the list is [2,4] — only two occurrences, and they are not between each other). 

So the condition is: 

While left < right and the number of occurrences between the current left and right is at least 1 (i.e., there is at least one 'x' between the two occurrences). 

But then, the condition is: right - left >= 2 and there is an occurrence between them. 

But the occurrences are the indices, not the count. 

Actually, the condition is automatically satisfied if there are at least three occurrences in total. 

But after removing the outermost two, the remaining occurrences might not have an occurrence between them. 

The correct two-pointer for a character 'x' is:

Sort the occurrences.
Let left = 0, right = len(occurrences)-1.
While left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:  # at least three occurrences
    remove occurrences[left] and occurrences[right]
    left += 1
    right -= 1

Then, the remaining occurrences are the ones from left to right.

This is because if there are at least three occurrences, then there is at least one occurrence between the outermost two. 

For 'a' in "abacaba": 
occurrences = [0,2,4,6] -> four occurrences.
First iteration: remove 0 and6, left=1, right=2.
Then, the number of occurrences between left and right is 2-1+1=2 <3, so stop.
Remaining occurrences: [2,4].

For 'b' in "abacaba": 
occurrences = [1,5] -> two occurrences, so no removal.

For 'c' in "abacaba": 
occurrences = [3] -> one occurrence, no removal.

Total length = 2 (a) + 2 (b) + 1 (c) = 5.

For "aabaa": 
'a': [0,1,3,4]
First: remove0 and4 -> left=1, right=2 (occurrences[1]=1, occurrences[2]=3)
Then, number of occurrences between is 2<3, so stop.
Remaining 'a's: [1,3] -> length2.
'b': [2] -> length1.
Total = 2+1=3.

For "abcba": 
'a': [0,4] -> two, so length2.
'b': [1,3] -> two, so length2.
'c': [2] -> length1.
Total = 2+2+1=5.

For "aa": 
'a': [0,1] -> two, so length2.

For "abaacbcbb": 
Let's compute:

s = "abaacbcbb"

Characters and occurrences:

'a': [0,1,3]
'b': [2,5,6,8]
'c': [4,7]

For 'a': 
occurrences = [0,1,3]
First: 0 and3 -> but 3-0+1=4>=3, so remove0 and3.
Remaining: [1] -> length1.

For 'b': 
occurrences = [2,5,6,8]
First: remove2 and8 -> [5,6]
Then, 6-5+1=2<3, so stop. Length2.

For 'c': 
occurrences = [4,7]
Length2.

Total = 1+2+2=5.

This matches the example.

So the solution is:

1. For each character, collect the sorted list of indices where it appears.
2. For each list, use a two-pointer to remove the outermost two occurrences as long as the number of occurrences is at least 3.
3. The minimal number of occurrences for the character is the number of occurrences remaining after the two-pointer.
4. Sum the minimal number of occurrences for all characters.

Complexity: O(n) because each character's occurrences are scanned once.

Let's implement accordingly.

Note: We must use the list of occurrences for each character. 

We can use a dictionary to map character to list of indices.

Steps:

1. Traverse the string and record the index for each character.
2. For each character in the dictionary, apply the two-pointer:
   left = 0
   right = len(list)-1
   while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:
        left += 1
        right -= 1
   The remaining occurrences for this character is (right - left + 1) if left <= right, else 0. But actually, the two-pointer removes from the ends until the segment length is <3 or the pointers cross.
3. Sum the remaining occurrences.

But careful: the two-pointer above is removing the outermost two occurrences as long as the total number of occurrences is >=3. 

But the condition (right - left + 1) >=3 is the number of occurrences from left to right (inclusive) is >=3. 

Yes, that is correct.

Let's test with an example of three 'a's: [0,2,4]
After first iteration: remove0 and4, left=0+1=1, right=4-1=2. 
Then, the number of occurrences from index1 to2 is 2<3, so stop. 
Remaining: [2] -> length1.

For four 'a's: [0,2,4,6]
After first: remove0 and6, left=1, right=3. 
Then, the occurrences are [2,4] (indices in the original string) and the number is 2<3, stop. 
Length2.

For five 'a's: [0,2,4,6,8]
First: remove0 and8, left=1, right=4. 
Then, occurrences from1 to4: [2,4,6] -> length3>=3, so remove2 and6? 
But the two-pointer should remove the outermost two in the current list. 

Actually, the two-pointer should be applied to the list of occurrences. 

The list is [0,2,4,6,8]. 

After first removal, the list becomes [2,4,6]. 
Then, remove2 and6, leaving [4]. 

So the two-pointer should be:

left = 0
right = 4
while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:  # the number of occurrences from left to right is (right-left+1) in the list.
    left += 1
    right -= 1

But then, for [0,2,4,6,8]:
First: left=0, right=4 -> 5>=3, remove0 and8, left=1, right=3.
Then, the occurrences from1 to3 are [2,4,6] -> count=3>=3, remove2 and6, left=2, right=2. 
Then, left==right, so stop.

Remaining: [4] -> length1.

But the correct minimal for five 'a's is 1 (if we remove outermost pairs).

But with the above two-pointer, we removed two pairs, leaving one.

But the condition is: while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3.

After first removal, left=1, right=3. The number of occurrences from index1 to3 in the list is 3 (indices1,2,3 in the list correspond to occurrences2,4,6). 
Then, we remove the occurrences at list indices1 and3 (which are2 and6), leaving list index2 (occurrence4).

Yes.

The two-pointer is applied to the list indices, not the character positions. 

But the condition (right - left + 1) is the number of occurrences from left to right in the list. 

This is correct.

Now, implement:

We'll use a dictionary to store the occurrences.

Then, for each character's occurrence list, we do:

occurrences = sorted(list of indices for the character)
left = 0
right = len(occurrences)-1
while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:
    left += 1
    right -= 1

Then, the number of remaining occurrences is (right - left + 1) if left <= right, else 0.

But actually, the two-pointer reduces the list from both ends. 

But the list is sorted by index, so the occurrences are in increasing order.

This method is O(n) for each character, but the total number of occurrences is n, so overall O(n).

Let's implement accordingly.

Edge case: empty string.

But the string length is at least 1.

Let's write the code.

Note: We must only consider each character's occurrences.

Example: s = "aa" -> 'a': [0,1] -> two, so cannot enter the while loop, remaining=2.

Example: s = "a" -> 'a': [0] -> remaining=1.

Example: s = "aaa" -> 'a': [0,1,2] -> while: 3>=3, remove0 and2, left=1, right=0 -> then left==right, so remaining=1.

But "aaa": 
We can choose index1 (the middle 'a'). 
Remove the closest left 'a' (index0) and the closest right 'a' (index2). 
Then the string is empty? 
But the remaining occurrences are 1 (index1) remains? 

Actually, the operation removes two characters, but the chosen index remains. 

But in the occurrence list, we are only counting the occurrences. 

The operation removes two occurrences (the left and right) and the chosen index is an occurrence, so one occurrence remains. 

But in the two-pointer, we removed the outermost two, but the chosen index is one of the removed ones? 

No, the operation removes the left and right occurrences, and the chosen index is not removed. 

But the chosen index is the one that is used to trigger the removal. 

In the occurrence list, the chosen index is also an occurrence. 

But in the two-pointer, we are removing the outermost two occurrences, which might include the chosen index if it is at the end. 

But the operation is defined by the chosen index. 

Actually, the two-pointer method for a character's occurrences is: 

We can remove any two occurrences that are the outermost and have an occurrence between them. 

But the operation is only triggered by an occurrence that is between them. 

But the minimal number of occurrences for a character is the same as the two-pointer method. 

In "aaa", we have three 'a's. 

The operation can be done by choosing the middle 'a'. 

After removal, the remaining 'a' is the middle one. 

But the two-pointer method for 'a' in "aaa" (occurrences [0,1,2]):

left=0, right=2 -> remove0 and2, then left=1, right=1. 
Remaining: [1] -> one 'a'.

This matches.

But note, the chosen index is not removed. 

In the operation, the chosen index remains. 

In the two-pointer, we are not explicitly marking which occurrence is chosen. 

But the effect is that the minimal number of occurrences is the number of occurrences that are not removed by the two-pointer. 

And the two-pointer removes two occurrences per iteration, which corresponds to an operation. 

So the solution is to, for each character, use the two-pointer to reduce the number of occurrences to the minimal possible. 

Then, the answer is the sum of the minimal occurrences for each character.

Let's test with the examples.

Example1: s = "abaacbcbb" -> 5
Example2: s = "aa" -> 2
Example3: s = "aabaa" -> 3
Example4: s = "abcba" -> 5
Example5: s = "abacaba" -> 5

Now, we'll implement accordingly.

Complexity: O(n) because we traverse the string once to build the dictionary and then for each character, the two-pointer runs in O(k) where k is the number of occurrences for that character, and the sum of k is n.

Let's implement:

Note: We must only consider the occurrences for each character.

Steps in code:

1. Create a defaultdict(list) to store occurrences.
2. For i, char in enumerate(s): defaultdict[char].append(i)
3. For each char in the dictionary, apply two-pointer:
   lst = sorted(lst)  # already in increasing order by i
   left = 0
   right = len(lst)-1
   while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:
        left += 1
        right -= 1
   count for char = right - left + 1 (if left <= right, else 0)
4. Sum the counts.

But careful: the two-pointer is reducing the list by two each time. 

But the condition is on the number of occurrences between left and right (inclusive) being >=3. 

This is correct.

Let's test with a small example.

s = "aaa" -> 'a': [0,1,2]
left=0, right=2 -> 3>=3, so left=1, right=1.
count = 1.

s = "aaaa" -> 'a': [0,1,2,3]
left=0, right=3 -> 4>=3, left=1, right=2.
Then, 2-1+1=2 <3, so stop.
count=2.

s = "aaaaa" -> [0,1,2,3,4]
First: remove0 and4, left=1, right=3.
Then, 3-1+1=3>=3, remove1 and3, left=2, right=2.
count=1.

This is correct.

Now, the final answer is the sum of counts for each character.

But note: the same character might appear in different parts of the string, and the operations are independent for each character. 

This is because the operation for a character 'x' only removes two 'x's and the chosen index is 'x'. 

And the availability of 'x's is only affected by operations on 'x'. 

But the two-pointer for each character is independent. 

This is the key: the minimal number of 'x's is independent of other characters. 

So the final answer is the sum over all characters of the minimal occurrences for that character.

Let's write the code accordingly.

Edge: if the string has only one character, then for that character, the two-pointer: 
occurrences = [0,1,2,...,n-1]
Then, while the number of occurrences >=3, remove the outermost two.
The remaining is n - 2 * floor((n)/2) ? 

Actually, for n=1: 1
n=2: 2
n=3: 1
n=4: 2
n=5: 1
n=6: 2
n=7: 3
n=8: 2
Actually, it's not a simple formula, but the two-pointer will handle it.

Now, implement.

Let's test with the provided examples.

Example1: s = "abaacbcbb" -> 5
Example2: s = "aa" -> 2
Example3: s = "aabaa" -> 3
Example4: s = "abcba" -> 5
Example5: s = "abacaba" -> 5

I'll implement and test.

Note: The occurrences are collected in the order of appearance, which is increasing order.

Now, the code:

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to find the minimum length of a string after performing a series of operations where we can remove pairs of identical characters under specific conditions. The operation involves selecting an index `i` and removing the closest identical characters to the left and right of `i`. The challenge is to minimize the string length by performing these operations optimally.

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The key observation is that each operation removes two occurrences of the same character (left and right of the chosen index) provided there exists at least one occurrence of the same character between them. The chosen index itself remains in the string after the operation.
2. **Intuition**: For each character in the string, we can independently determine the minimal number of its occurrences that cannot be removed by any operation. This is done by using a two-pointer technique on the sorted list of indices where the character appears. The two-pointer removes the outermost occurrences as long as there are at least three occurrences, ensuring that there is at least one occurrence between the removed pairs.
3. **Algorithm Selection**: 
   - **Dictionary to Store Occurrences**: We first traverse the string to record the positions of each character.
   - **Two-Pointer Technique**: For each character, we use two pointers starting from the ends of its occurrence list. We move the pointers inward, removing pairs of occurrences from the ends if the number of remaining occurrences is at least three.
   - **Summing Minimal Occurrences**: The minimal string length is the sum of the remaining occurrences of all characters after processing each character's occurrence list with the two-pointer technique.
4. **Complexity Analysis**: The algorithm processes each character's occurrences once, leading to an overall time complexity of O(n), where n is the length of the string. The space complexity is O(n) to store the occurrences of each character.

### Solution Code
```python
from collections import defaultdict

class Solution:
    def minimumLength(self, s: str) -> int:
        char_positions = defaultdict(list)
        for idx, char in enumerate(s):
            char_positions[char].append(idx)
        
        total_length = 0
        for char, positions in char_positions.items():
            n = len(positions)
            left = 0
            right = n - 1
            while left < right and (right - left + 1) >= 3:
                left += 1
                right -= 1
            total_length += (right - left + 1)
        
        return total_length
```

### Explanation
1. **Dictionary Construction**: We use a dictionary to map each character to a list of its positions in the string. This helps in efficiently accessing all occurrences of each character.
2. **Two-Pointer Processing**: For each character's list of positions, we apply a two-pointer technique. The pointers start at the beginning (left) and end (right) of the list. While the number of elements between the pointers is at least three, we move both pointers inward, effectively removing the outermost occurrences.
3. **Summing Results**: The remaining occurrences for each character (after processing with the two-pointer) contribute to the total minimal string length. The sum of these remaining occurrences across all characters gives the answer.

This approach efficiently minimizes the string length by leveraging the two-pointer technique to remove as many character pairs as possible, ensuring optimal performance even for large input sizes.