=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a string.
You are given a string s, Alice and Bob will take turns playing the following game where Alice starts first:

On Alice's turn, she has to remove any non-empty substring from s that contains an odd number of vowels.
On Bob's turn, he has to remove any non-empty substring from s that contains an even number of vowels.

The first player who cannot make a move on their turn loses the game. We assume that both Alice and Bob play optimally.
Return true if Alice wins the game, and false otherwise.
The English vowels are: a, e, i, o, and u.
 
Example 1:

Input: s = "leetcoder"
Output: true
Explanation:
Alice can win the game as follows:

Alice plays first, she can delete the underlined substring in s = "leetcoder" which contains 3 vowels. The resulting string is s = "der".
Bob plays second, he can delete the underlined substring in s = "der" which contains 0 vowels. The resulting string is s = "er".
Alice plays third, she can delete the whole string s = "er" which contains 1 vowel.
Bob plays fourth, since the string is empty, there is no valid play for Bob. So Alice wins the game.


Example 2:

Input: s = "bbcd"
Output: false
Explanation:
There is no valid play for Alice in her first turn, so Alice loses the game.

 
Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 10^5
s consists only of lowercase English letters.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, I'm trying to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me read the problem statement again to make sure I understand it.

So, Alice and Bob are playing a game on a string. Alice starts first. On her turn, she must remove a non-empty substring that contains an odd number of vowels. On Bob's turn, he removes a substring with an even number of vowels. The first one who can't make a move loses. Both play optimally. We need to return True if Alice wins, else False.

Vowels are 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', 'u'.

Examples:
Example 1: s = "leetcoder" -> Output: True. Explanation given.
Example 2: s = "bbcd" -> Output: False. Because Alice can't make a move.

Constraints: String length up to 10^5, so I need an efficient solution.

First, I need to figure out the winning strategy. Since both play optimally, this seems like a combinatorial game theory problem, probably involving Nimbers or Grundy numbers, but the state space is huge (substrings of a string of length 10^5). So there must be a simpler observation.

Let me think step by step.

First, note that a move is defined by the parity of vowels in the substring removed. So, the game state is the current string, and moves are removals of substrings with specified vowel parity.

But the string is being reduced, and we need to consider all possible moves. However, the entire string is being played on, and removals can be any substring (as long as the vowel condition holds). 

I should consider the total number of vowels in the string. But wait, the moves are not necessarily about the entire string, but any substring.

But let me look at the examples:

Example 1: "leetcoder" has vowels: 'e','e','o','e' — that's 4 vowels. But wait, actually: 
l e e t c o d e r
vowels: e (1), e (2), o (3), e (4). So 4 vowels, which is even.

But Alice removes a substring with odd vowels. She removes "leetco" (from index 1 to 6) which has 3 vowels (e, e, o). Then the remaining is "der", which has 1 vowel (e). Then Bob removes "der" (0 vowels, even). Then the string is empty, so Alice wins.

But wait, after Bob's move, the string is empty, so on Alice's next turn, she can't move. But the problem says Bob's fourth turn — actually, the turns are:

1. Alice: removes substring (odd vowels) -> leaves "der"
2. Bob: removes substring (even vowels) -> leaves empty string.
3. Then it's Alice's turn again? No, after Bob's move, the string is empty, so the next player (Alice) cannot move and loses. But wait, in the example, they said Bob's fourth turn? Let me check:

Actually, the example says:
- Alice plays first: removes substring, leaves "der".
- Bob plays second: removes substring, leaves "er". Wait, no, the example says after Bob's move, the string is "er"? Actually, the example says: "Bob plays second, he can delete the underlined substring in s = 'der' which contains 0 vowels. The resulting string is s = 'er'." 

Wait, that doesn't make sense. The string is "der" and Bob removes a substring with even vowels (0 vowels). He can remove the entire string "der" (0 vowels) or a part of it. But if he removes the entire string, then the result is empty. But the example says the result is "er". 

Wait, maybe I misread. Actually, the example says: 
"Alice plays first, she can delete the underlined substring in s = 'leetcoder' which contains 3 vowels. The resulting string is s = 'der'."
Then Bob's turn: "Bob plays second, he can delete the underlined substring in s = 'der' which contains 0 vowels. The resulting string is s = 'er'."

Wait, that must be a typo? Because if you remove from "der" (which is 3 characters) a substring with 0 vowels, you can remove the entire string (which has 1 vowel? Wait, "der" has one vowel: 'e'. So actually, the substring "der" has 1 vowel, which is odd. So Bob cannot remove the entire string because that would be odd vowels. 

Wait, no, the example says Bob removes a substring with even vowels. The substring must have even vowels. In "der", the only vowels are the 'e'. So if Bob removes a substring that doesn't include the 'e', then the substring has 0 vowels (even). But the string is "der". 

Actually, the example says the resulting string is "er". So Bob must have removed the 'd' (the first character). The substring "d" has 0 vowels, which is even. So that's a valid move. Then the string becomes "er".

Then Alice's turn: she needs to remove a substring with odd vowels. "er" has one vowel (the 'e'). So she can remove the entire string (1 vowel, odd) or just the 'e' (1 vowel, odd). Then Bob's turn: the string is empty, so he loses.

Wait, but the example says Bob's fourth turn. Actually, the example says:

"Alice plays third, she can delete the whole string s = 'er' which contains 1 vowel.
Bob plays fourth, since the string is empty, there is no valid play for Bob. So Alice wins the game."

But according to my breakdown, after Alice's third move, the string is empty. Then Bob's fourth turn? Actually, the turns are:

1. Alice: removes substring from "leetcoder" -> "der"
2. Bob: removes substring from "der" -> "er"
3. Alice: removes substring from "er" -> empty string
4. Bob: cannot move, so Bob loses, Alice wins.

But the example says Bob's fourth turn? That might be a mistake in the example explanation. Actually, the example says "Bob plays fourth" — but that should be the fourth turn, which is Bob's second turn. 

Anyway, the key is: the game is about removing substrings with specific vowel counts.

Now, what is the invariant here? 

Let me consider the entire game:

- Alice can remove any substring with odd number of vowels.
- Bob can remove any substring with even number of vowels.

Note: The entire string might have a certain total vowel count. But removals are arbitrary substrings, so the total vowel count can change arbitrarily.

But note: The game ends when a player cannot make a move. 

First, if the string has no vowels, then Alice cannot remove any substring (because she needs odd vowels) and loses. So for a string with 0 vowels, Alice loses.

But what if the string has at least one vowel? 

Also, note that a substring can be of any length, and the vowels in that substring are counted.

Another observation: 

Consider the entire string. The entire string has a certain number of vowels, say V. 

But the moves are not restricted to the entire string. 

However, note that the game is sequential and the removals can be any substring. 

But the problem is symmetric in a way. 

Let me think about the total number of vowels. 

But the removals can be arbitrary, so the total vowel count can be reduced arbitrarily. 

Alternatively, think about the game as: 

- The state is the current string.
- A move is to remove a substring that satisfies the condition (for the current player).

But the state space is too large (exponential in the length) so we need a combinatorial game theory approach.

But note: The problem constraints are up to 10^5, so we need an O(n) or O(n log n) solution.

Another angle: 

What if we consider the possibility of removing the entire string? 

But the entire string removal is just one type of move.

Alternatively, consider the game as a variant of the "string removal" game. 

But I recall that sometimes, in such problems, the key is to look for a pattern or a necessary condition for the first player to win.

Let me consider small cases.

Case 1: String with 0 vowels. Alice cannot move, so she loses. So return False.

Case 2: String with 1 vowel. 
  Then, Alice can remove a substring that contains 1 vowel (odd). She can remove the entire string (1 vowel) and win immediately. So return True.

Case 3: String with 2 vowels.
  Alice must remove a substring with odd vowels (1 or 3, etc.). But if the two vowels are consecutive, she might remove them both? But wait, the condition is odd. So if she removes a substring that contains 1 vowel, then the remaining string has 1 vowel (if she removes one vowel) or if she removes both (2 vowels, even) — that's not allowed because she must remove odd. 

Wait, actually, the substring must have odd number of vowels. So she can remove a substring that has 1 vowel (if available). But if the two vowels are not adjacent, she might not be able to remove a substring containing exactly 1 vowel without affecting others? Actually, no: she can choose any substring. 

But in a string with two vowels, the minimal moves: 

Suppose the string is "aabb" (two vowels, but actually, wait, let me use vowels: "ae" (vowels at positions 0 and 1) — actually, that's two consecutive vowels. 

Wait, no, the string can be arbitrary. 

Actually, the problem doesn't specify the distribution of vowels, only the total count.

But actually, the total count is given by the string. 

But the key is: the existence of a move for Alice depends on the existence of a substring with odd vowels. 

Similarly for Bob, even vowels.

Now, note that the entire string might have even or odd vowels. 

But also, we can remove any substring. 

Actually, a very important observation:

In any string, if there is at least one vowel, then there exists a substring with 1 vowel (if we take a single vowel) or with 3, etc. But wait, a single vowel is a substring with 1 vowel (odd). Similarly, two vowels form a substring with 2 (even). 

But what if the string has no vowels? Then no move for Alice.

What if the string has at least one vowel? Then Alice can always remove a single vowel (if the string has at least one vowel) because a single vowel is a substring with odd vowels. 

Wait, that's true: any single vowel is a substring (from that index to that index) and has 1 vowel (odd). 

So, if the string has at least one vowel, Alice can always make a move (by removing a single vowel). 

Similarly, for Bob: if the string has at least one vowel? Actually, no: Bob needs even vowels. He can remove a substring that has 0 or 2 or any even number. 

But note: After Alice removes a single vowel, the remaining string might have even or odd total vowels. 

But wait, the condition for Bob is even vowels. So if the string has 0 vowels, Bob cannot move (and that's the losing state). But if the string has 1 vowel, then Bob can remove a substring with 0 vowels? But wait, if the string has one vowel, then the entire string has one vowel. But Bob can remove a substring that doesn't include the vowel? Only if the string has more than one character. 

Wait, actually, Bob can remove any non-empty substring that has even vowels. So if the string has one vowel, then Bob can remove a substring that has 0 vowels (if the substring doesn't include the vowel). 

But if the string has one vowel and is of length 1, then Bob cannot remove a substring with even vowels (the only substring is the whole string, which has 1 vowel, which is odd — not even). So Bob loses in that case.

But if the string has one vowel and length >=2, then Bob can remove a substring that doesn't include the vowel (if there is such a substring) — i.e., a part of the string that has 0 vowels. 

Similarly, if the string has two vowels, then Bob can remove a substring that includes both (if they are adjacent) or one of them (if he removes one, that's odd, which is not allowed) — no, Bob must remove even. So if the string has two vowels, Bob can remove a substring that contains both (if they are consecutive) — that's 2 vowels (even) or a substring that contains 0 vowels (if there's a part without vowels) or two separate substrings (but actually, he can remove any contiguous substring). 

Wait, actually, the substring must be contiguous. 

So, for Bob, if the string has two vowels, and they are not adjacent, then the entire string has two vowels (even). So Bob can remove the entire string. Or if there's a part of the string with 0 vowels, he can remove that.

But more importantly, the game state is the current string.

Now, the key is: 

- If the string has 0 vowels, Alice cannot move (loses).
- Else, Alice can move (by removing a single vowel). 

But then Bob's turn: 

After Alice removes one vowel, the total vowels in the string decrease by 1 (if she removed a single vowel). 

But wait, actually, the entire string's vowel count is reduced by the vowels in the substring she removed. 

But more importantly, the state of the game is the current string. 

However, note that the problem is symmetric: the moves are defined by the substring's vowel parity, not the entire string's.

But here's a crucial observation:

The existence of a move for a player depends only on the existence of a substring with the required parity (odd for Alice, even for Bob). 

But note: 

- The entire string's vowel count might be even or odd, but that doesn't directly tell you if there's a substring with odd or even vowels. 

Actually, any substring can have any number of vowels from 0 to the total. 

But consider: 

In any string that has at least one vowel, there is a substring with 1 vowel (a single vowel). 

In any string that has at least two vowels, there is a substring with 2 vowels (if the two vowels are adjacent, then the substring containing both is 2; but even if not adjacent, there might be a substring that contains two vowels, but not necessarily contiguous? No, the substring must be contiguous. 

Wait, no: the substring is contiguous. So if two vowels are not adjacent, then to get a substring with exactly two vowels, you have to take from the first vowel to the second vowel, which will include everything in between. 

But actually, the condition for a move is just the count of vowels in the contiguous substring. 

But note: 

- For Alice: she needs a contiguous substring with an odd number of vowels. The minimal odd number is 1. So if there is at least one vowel, then she can remove a single vowel (by taking a substring of length 1 containing that vowel). 

Similarly, for Bob: he needs a contiguous substring with an even number of vowels. The minimal even number is 0. So if there is a part of the string (a contiguous substring) with 0 vowels, then Bob can remove that. 

But if the entire string has vowels, then the entire string might have an even or odd number of vowels. But Bob can also remove a part of the string that has 0 vowels? 

Wait, actually, if the string has at least one vowel, then there are parts without vowels. For example, in "leetcoder", after Alice removes a vowel, the rest might still have vowels, but Bob can remove a substring that doesn't have any vowels (if available). 

But the key is: 

- Alice can always move if there is at least one vowel (because she can remove a single vowel). 
- Bob can always move if there is a contiguous substring with even vowels. 

But note: the entire string might not have an even number of vowels, but a part might. 

Actually, the existence of a move for Bob is not necessarily tied to the entire string's vowel count. 

But wait, consider a string with one vowel. Then, Bob's turn: the entire string has one vowel. But Bob must remove a contiguous substring with even vowels. The only contiguous substrings are the entire string (1 vowel, odd) and any proper substring. 

But if the string has length 1, then the only substring is the entire string (1 vowel). So Bob cannot move. 

If the string has length >=2 and one vowel, then Bob can remove a substring that doesn't include the vowel (if there is such a substring). 

But wait, in a string of length 2 with one vowel, say "aX" (where X is non-vowel), then the contiguous substrings are:
- "a" (vowel count 1, odd) — not allowed for Bob.
- "X" (vowel count 0, even) — allowed.
- "aX" (vowel count 1, odd) — not allowed.

So Bob can remove "X". 

Similarly, if the string is "Xa" (same thing). 

So, for Bob, if the string has at least one contiguous substring with 0 vowels, then he can move. 

But note: the condition for Bob is even vowels. The minimal even is 0. So if there is a contiguous substring with 0 vowels (i.e., a substring of non-vowels), then Bob can remove that. 

But if the entire string is vowels, then every contiguous substring has at least one vowel. Then Bob can only remove a substring with an even number of vowels (if such a substring exists). 

So, for Bob, if the entire string is vowels, then he must remove a substring with an even number of vowels. 

Now, let's think about the game:

The game ends when a player cannot make a move. 

We can reframe the problem:

Alice wins if she can force the game into a state where Bob cannot move.

But we need to consider the entire game tree. However, the state space is too large.

But note: 

- Alice's move: remove a single vowel (the minimal move) or more. But removing a single vowel is always an option if there's at least one vowel.

But actually, Alice can remove any substring with odd vowels. Similarly, Bob can remove any substring with even vowels.

But the optimal play: 

The key observation is that the game is actually equivalent to a nim game on the number of vowels, but with a twist: 

Actually, consider that each vowel is a "token". But the moves are not independent because removals can be contiguous and affect multiple vowels.

Alternatively, consider the following:

The game ends when there are no vowels left. 

But the condition for moves is based on the substring's vowel count.

But note: 

- Alice can remove any substring with odd vowels. This includes removing all the vowels at once (if the entire string has odd vowels) or just one.

But the game is sequential. 

Another idea: 

What if we think in terms of the total number of vowels? 

Let V be the total vowels in the string.

But note: 

- Alice's move: she removes a substring with odd vowels. This removes k vowels (k is odd) from the string, so the remaining vowels are V - k (even or odd? depends on V and k).

But then Bob removes a substring with even vowels, so he removes l (even) vowels, so remaining vowels are V - k - l.

But the moves are not independent because the removals are contiguous and the vowels are distributed.

But here's a better observation:

Consider the game from the end. The losing state is when a player is faced with a string that has no vowels. 

But actually, the state is defined by the entire string, but the moves are defined by the existence of a substring with the required parity.

But note: 

- If the string has no vowels, then the current player (if it's Alice) loses, but if it's Bob, then the next player (Alice) would have a move? Actually, no: the turn order: 

The game state is the current string. The current player must make a move. 

So, the base case: 

State: empty string. Then the current player (whichever it is) cannot move and loses.

But the problem is: the first player who cannot make a move loses.

So, the base state is the empty string, and the player to move loses.

Now, we can think of the state as the current string and the current player.

But the state space is too big.

But let me consider: 

The existence of a move for a player is equivalent to: 

For Alice: there exists a contiguous substring with an odd number of vowels. 

For Bob: there exists a contiguous substring with an even number of vowels (including 0).

Now, note that if a string has at least one vowel, then Alice can move (by removing a single vowel). 

But after Alice removes one vowel, the string might still have vowels, and Bob can move (if there is a substring with even vowels). 

But actually, after removing one vowel, the string might break into two parts. 

But consider: 

The entire game can be broken down by the presence of vowels and non-vowels.

But here's a key idea: 

The game is equivalent to a game on the number of vowels, but with a constraint that moves must be contiguous. 

But wait, actually, the moves are defined by contiguous substrings. 

But note: 

The minimal move for Alice is to remove one vowel (a single vowel is a contiguous substring). 

Similarly, the minimal move for Bob is to remove a substring with 0 vowels (if available) — i.e., a contiguous segment of non-vowels.

Now, consider the following:

The entire string can be seen as a sequence of vowels and non-vowels. 

But the moves can remove any contiguous substring that satisfies the condition.

But note: 

- Removing a single vowel (Alice) is always possible if there is at least one vowel.

- Removing a contiguous segment of non-vowels (Bob) is always possible if there is at least one non-vowel.

But what if the string is all vowels? 

Then, Bob's move: he must remove a contiguous substring with an even number of vowels. 

Similarly, if the string is all non-vowels, then Alice cannot move (if the string is all non-vowels, then no vowel exists, so Alice loses).

But if the string is all vowels, then:

- Alice can remove any contiguous substring with odd number of vowels. 

But note: if the string has length n and is all vowels, then the entire string has n vowels. 

Alice can remove a substring of length 1 (1 vowel, odd), or length 2 (2 vowels, even — not allowed for Alice), or length 3 (3 vowels, odd) — so she can remove any substring whose length is odd? 

Wait, no: the condition is on the vowel count, not the length. But if the substring is entirely vowels, then the vowel count is the length. 

So, in a string of all vowels, Alice can remove any contiguous substring of odd length (because then the vowel count is odd). 

Similarly, Bob can remove any contiguous substring of even length (vowel count is even). 

But the game then becomes similar to a game on a linear sequence where moves are to remove a contiguous segment of odd or even length (depending on the player) and the one who cannot move loses.

But wait, that's a different game. 

Actually, the game is about the entire string's composition. 

But here's a simpler observation:

Consider the following:

- If the string has at least one vowel, then Alice can always remove one vowel (a single vowel). 

But then, after that, the string might have vowels and non-vowels. 

But the game is sequential, and the players can remove any substring (not necessarily minimal). 

But note: 

After Alice removes one vowel, the string is broken into two parts (if the vowel was in the middle). 

But the game state is the entire string. 

However, note that the moves are independent in the sense that removing a substring from anywhere is allowed. 

But actually, the game is impartial? 

Wait, the moves are different for Alice and Bob. So it's partisan.

But we can use the concept of "winning" and "losing" positions.

But the state space is huge.

But there's a better idea:

The outcome of the game depends on the total number of vowels and the possibility of moves.

But note: 

The game ends when no move is available. 

A move is available for Alice if there is a contiguous substring with odd vowels. 

Similarly for Bob.

But note: 

- The minimal move for Alice is to remove one vowel. 

- The minimal move for Bob is to remove a substring with 0 vowels (if available) — i.e., a contiguous non-vowel segment.

But actually, Bob's minimal move is to remove a contiguous non-vowel segment. 

But if the string has no non-vowel segments, then Bob must remove a contiguous vowel segment of even length.

Similarly, if the string has no vowel segments (all non-vowels), then Alice loses.

Now, consider the following strategy:

Alice can win if the total number of vowels is odd. 

Wait, let me test:

Example 1: "leetcoder" has 4 vowels (even). But Alice wins. 

Wait, no. 

Wait, the total vowels in "leetcoder" is 4 (e, e, o, e). 

But Alice wins. 

But if the total vowels is even, then Alice wins? But consider example 2: "bbcd" has 0 vowels (even) and Alice loses. 

So that doesn't hold.

Alternatively, maybe the winning condition is based on the first move.

But let me think:

Alice can always win if there is at least one vowel, except in some cases.

Actually, consider:

- If the string has 0 vowels, Alice loses (False).
- If the string has 1 vowel, Alice wins (True).
- If the string has 2 vowels, then Alice can remove one vowel (leaving 1 vowel). Then Bob's turn: the string has one vowel. Bob can remove a substring with even vowels. If the string has one vowel and is of length 1, then Bob cannot move (False). But if the string has two vowels, after Alice removes one, the remaining string has one vowel. 

But wait, the remaining string after Alice removes one vowel might be two separate parts (if she removes a vowel from the middle). 

But actually, the entire string is contiguous. 

But the removal is of a contiguous substring. 

Wait, no: the removal is of a contiguous substring. 

But if the two vowels are not adjacent, then removing one vowel (a single vowel) leaves the other vowel and the non-vowels. 

But the condition for Bob is: he needs a contiguous substring with even vowels. 

After Alice removes one vowel, the string has one vowel and some non-vowels. 

Then Bob can remove a contiguous non-vowel segment (if any) — i.e., a part without vowels. 

But if the string is "aXb" (two vowels a and b separated by non-vowel X), then after Alice removes a (the first vowel), the string is "Xb". 

Then Bob can remove the substring "X" (0 vowels, even) or "b" (1 vowel, odd) or "Xb" (1 vowel, odd). 

So Bob can remove "X", leaving "b". Then it's Alice's turn: she can remove "b" (1 vowel, odd) and wins. 

But wait, then Alice wins. 

But if the string is "aXb" and Alice removes the second vowel? Same thing. 

But what if the string is "aXb" and Alice removes both vowels? But that's not allowed because the substring must be contiguous. The vowels are separated by a non-vowel, so to remove both vowels, Alice would have to remove the entire string "aXb", which has 2 vowels (even) — but that's not allowed for Alice because she needs odd. 

So, Alice can only remove one vowel at a time. 

So, for a string with two vowels, Alice must remove one vowel. Then Bob can remove a non-vowel segment (if available) or if not, then he must remove a vowel segment (even number of vowels). 

But in "aXb", there is a non-vowel segment (X) of length 1 (0 vowels). So Bob can remove X, leaving "a" and "b" separate? Actually, after removing X, the string becomes "a" and "b" concatenated? No, the string is "aXb". After removing the substring "X", the string becomes "ab". 

Wait, no: the string "aXb": 
  Original: ['a', 'X', 'b']
  Remove the substring "X" (which is the middle character) — then the string becomes "ab". 

Now, "ab" has two vowels (a and b) — but wait, a and b are both vowels? Then the string "ab" has two vowels. 

But actually, a and b are vowels, so the string "ab" has two vowels. 

Then Bob's move: he can remove the entire string (2 vowels, even) or a single vowel (which is odd — not allowed) or a substring with 0 vowels — but there is none. 

So Bob can remove the entire string. 

Then Alice loses.

Wait, so if the string is "aXb" (which is three characters, two vowels and one non-vowel) and Alice removes one vowel (say the first vowel), then the string becomes "Xb" (but wait, after removing a (the first vowel), the string is "Xb" — then Bob removes X, leaving "b" (one vowel). Then Alice removes "b" and wins. 

Wait, that's different from what I said above. 

Actually, after Alice removes the first vowel (a), the string becomes "Xb". Then Bob can remove the substring "X" (non-vowel) — then the string becomes "b". Then Alice removes "b" and wins. 

But then, in that case, Alice wins. 

But if the string is "aXb" and Alice removes the last vowel (b), then the string becomes "aX". Then Bob can remove "X", leaving "a". Then Alice removes "a" and wins. 

But what if the string is "aXb" and Alice removes a vowel, and then Bob removes the entire remaining vowel? No, Bob can only remove even. 

Actually, after Alice removes one vowel, the string has one vowel and some non-vowels. 

But the non-vowels are still there. 

Wait, actually, the string "aXb" (three characters) has two vowels and one non-vowel. 

If Alice removes the first vowel (a), the string becomes "Xb". Then Bob can remove the substring "X" (non-vowel) — leaving "b". Then Alice removes "b" (vowel) and wins. 

Alternatively, if Alice removes the last vowel (b), the string becomes "aX". Then Bob removes "X", leaving "a", then Alice removes "a" and wins. 

But what if the string is "aXb" and Alice removes a vowel, but Bob chooses to remove the entire string? 

Wait, Bob can remove the entire string only if it has even vowels. But after Alice's move, the string is "Xb" (if she removed a). The entire string "Xb" has one vowel (b), which is odd. So Bob cannot remove the entire string. 

Similarly, after Alice removes b, the string is "aX" (one vowel), which is odd, so Bob cannot remove the entire string. 

So, in "aXb", Alice wins.

But consider a string with two vowels and no non-vowels: "aa". 

Then, Alice can remove a substring with odd vowels. She can remove one 'a' (leaving "a") or the entire string (two vowels, even — not allowed). 

So she removes one 'a', leaving "a". Then Bob's turn: the string "a" has one vowel. Bob can only remove a substring with even vowels. The only substring is "a" (1 vowel, odd). So Bob cannot move, Alice wins.

Now, consider a string with two vowels and one non-vowel, but the non-vowel is at the beginning: "Xab". 

Alice can remove a vowel (either a or b) or the entire string? The entire string has two vowels (even) — not allowed for Alice. 

If she removes a (the second character), then the string becomes "Xb". Then Bob removes "X", leaving "b", then Alice removes "b" and wins.

If she removes b (the third character), then the string becomes "Xa". Then Bob removes "X", leaving "a", then Alice wins.

Now, consider a string with two vowels and multiple non-vowels: "XaYbZ". 

Similar logic: Alice removes one vowel, then Bob removes a non-vowel segment (if available) or if not, then a vowel segment (even number). But after Alice removes one vowel, the remaining string has one vowel and non-vowels. Bob can remove a non-vowel segment (if available) or the entire string (if it has even vowels). 

But the entire string after Alice's move has one vowel, which is odd, so Bob cannot remove the entire string. 

So Bob must remove a non-vowel segment. 

Then the game continues.

But the game might be long. 

But note: The game is sequential, and the players can remove any substring (not necessarily the minimal). 

But the optimal play is to minimize the opponent's options.

But here's a pattern:

Alice can always win if the total number of vowels is odd. 

Let me test:

Case: 1 vowel -> True (win for Alice). 
Case: 2 vowels -> True (win for Alice). 
Case: 3 vowels -> ?

Let me test with 3 vowels.

Example: "aaa" (three vowels). 

Alice can remove one vowel (leaving two vowels) or three vowels (even — not allowed). 

If she removes one, then two vowels left. Then Bob's turn: two vowels, Bob can remove the entire string (even) or a single vowel (not allowed). So Bob removes the entire string, leaving nothing. Then Alice loses? 

Wait, no: after Alice removes one vowel from "aaa", the string becomes "aa". Then Bob removes "aa" (even) and the string is empty. Then Alice cannot move and loses. 

So, for 3 vowels, if the string is "aaa", then Alice loses.

But wait, what if the string is "aXaa" (three vowels and one non-vowel)? 

Alice can remove one vowel, say the first one, then the string becomes "Xaa". Then Bob's turn: the string "Xaa" has two vowels (even). Bob can remove a substring with even vowels: 
  He can remove the entire string (2 vowels, even) — then Alice loses.
  Or he can remove "X" (0 vowels) — then the string becomes "aa", then Alice's turn: she can remove one vowel, then Bob removes the remaining two and wins? 

But actually, if Bob removes the entire string, then Alice loses immediately. 

So, for a string with 3 vowels, if they are contiguous, Alice loses. 

But if they are not contiguous, then maybe Alice can win? 

Let me test with "aXaa": 

Alice has options:

Option 1: Remove a single vowel (any one). 

Suppose she removes the first vowel: "aXaa" becomes "Xaa" (two vowels). Then Bob can remove the entire string "Xaa" (which has two vowels) and wins. 

Option 2: Remove a substring that has 3 vowels? But the entire string "aXaa" has three vowels? Actually, "aXaa" has three vowels (a, a, a). 

Wait, "aXaa": characters are a, X, a, a — so three vowels. 

But wait, the entire string has three vowels (odd). So Alice can remove the entire string? 

Yes, because the entire string has three vowels (odd), so she can remove it. 

Then, after Alice's move, the string is empty, Bob loses. 

So, for "aXaa", Alice can win by removing the entire string. 

But for "aaa" (three vowels contiguous), Alice cannot remove the entire string because that's 3 vowels (odd) — wait, 3 is odd, so she can remove the entire string. 

Wait, in "aaa", the entire string has 3 vowels (odd), so Alice can remove the entire string. 

But then, after removing the entire string, Bob loses. 

So, for "aaa", Alice wins. 

But earlier I said if she removes one vowel, then Bob wins. But she has the option to remove the entire string. 

So, in "aaa", Alice can win by removing the entire string. 

But then, what's the difference between "aaa" and "aXaa"? 

In "aaa", the entire string has 3 vowels (odd), so Alice can remove it. 

In "aXaa", the entire string has 3 vowels (odd), so Alice can remove it. 

So then, for any string with an odd number of vowels, Alice can remove the entire string (if she wants) because the entire string has odd vowels. 

But wait, the entire string might not be the only option. 

But the key is: 

Alice can always win if the total number of vowels is odd, because she can remove the entire string (since the entire string has odd vowels) and win immediately. 

But wait, what if the entire string has even vowels? Then Alice cannot remove the entire string (because that's even). 

But she can remove a substring with odd vowels (which might be part of the string). 

Then the game continues. 

But then, the winning condition might be: 

Alice wins if the total number of vowels is odd, because she can remove the entire string. 

But then, for even total vowels, she cannot remove the entire string, but she can remove a part (a substring with odd vowels). 

But then, the game continues, and Bob might win or lose.

But from the examples:

- 0 vowels: Alice loses.
- 1 vowel: Alice wins (by removing the entire string or part).
- 2 vowels: Alice wins (by removing one vowel, then Bob is forced to leave a state where Alice wins).
- 3 vowels: Alice wins (by removing the entire string).

But wait, what about 4 vowels? 

Example: s = "leetcoder" has 4 vowels (even) and Alice wins. 

But according to the above, if the total vowels is even, Alice should not be able to remove the entire string, but she can remove a substring with odd vowels. 

But then, how does she win? 

In "leetcoder", she removes a substring with 3 vowels (odd), then the remaining string has 1 vowel (odd). Then Bob's turn: he must remove a substring with even vowels. 

The remaining string is "der" (if she removed "leetco"). "der" has 1 vowel. Bob can remove a substring with even vowels: he can remove a substring with 0 vowels (if available) or 2. 

But "der" has one vowel. He can remove a substring that doesn't include the vowel? 

"der" is three characters: d, e, r. 

He can remove "d" (0 vowels) or "r" (0 vowels) or "de" (1 vowel — not allowed) or "er" (1 vowel — not allowed) or "der" (1 vowel — not allowed). 

So he removes "d" or "r", say "d", leaving "er". 

Then Alice's turn: "er" has one vowel, so she can remove the entire string (1 vowel, odd) and wins.

So, Alice wins.

But then, the total vowels is even (4) and Alice wins.

Similarly, for 0 vowels (even) — Alice loses.

For 2 vowels (even) — Alice wins.

For 4 vowels (even) — Alice wins.

For 0: lose, for 1,2,3,4: win? 

But wait, let me test with 5 vowels (odd). 

Alice can remove the entire string (5 vowels, odd) and win. 

So, it seems that Alice wins if the total number of vowels is not 0.

But wait, what about a string with 0 vowels? Alice loses. 

And for any non-zero vowels, Alice can win? 

But is that true? 

Consider a string with 1 vowel: Alice wins (True).
String with 2: True.
String with 3: True.
String with 4: True.

But what about a string with 0: False.

But wait, is there any string with non-zero vowels where Alice cannot win? 

Consider a string that has 1 vowel, but is very long and the vowel is at the beginning and the rest is non-vowels. 

But Alice can remove the entire string (1 vowel, odd) and win.

Similarly, for a string with 2 vowels, Alice can win by removing one vowel and then Bob is forced to leave a state with 1 vowel, then Alice wins.

But what if the string has 2 vowels and they are not removable by Alice in a way that leaves Bob with no move? 

Actually, as shown in "aXb", Alice wins.

But consider a string with 2 vowels that are adjacent and no non-vowels: "aa". 

Alice can remove the entire string (2 vowels, even) — not allowed. So she must remove one vowel. Then Bob can remove the entire string (even) and win.

But wait, that contradicts our earlier conclusion.

In "aa" (two vowels), Alice cannot remove the entire string because that's even. She must remove one vowel (odd). 

Then the string becomes "a". 

Bob's turn: the string "a" has one vowel. Bob can only remove a substring with even vowels. The only substring is "a" (1 vowel, odd) — not allowed. So Bob cannot move, Alice wins.

But in "aa", after Alice removes one vowel, the string is "a", and Bob cannot move. 

So Alice wins.

But then, the entire string "aa" has even vowels, and Alice wins.

But earlier, for "aaa" (three vowels), Alice wins by removing the entire string.

But wait, in "aa" (two vowels), Alice wins.

In "aaa" (three vowels), Alice wins.

In "bbcd" (0 vowels), Alice loses.

In "leetcoder" (4 vowels), Alice wins.

So, the pattern is: Alice wins if the total number of vowels is not 0.

But wait, let me test with a string that has 0 vowels: "bbcd" — no vowels, Alice loses — correct.

String with 1 vowel: "a" — Alice wins.

String with 2: "aa" — Alice wins.

String with 3: "aaa" — Alice wins.

String with 4: "leetcoder" — Alice wins.

So, the answer is: if the total number of vowels in s is 0, return False, else return True.

But is that always true?

Let me test with a string that has 0 vowels: "bbcd" — no move for Alice, so False.

String with 1 vowel: "bcb" (if there's one vowel) — Alice can remove the vowel or the entire string? The entire string has one vowel (odd) — allowed, so she removes the entire string and wins. Or even if she removes only the vowel, then the string has non-vowels, and Bob can move? But Alice wins anyway.

But wait, in "bcb" (assuming 'b' and 'c' are non-vowels and 'b' is non-vowel, but wait, the example says "bbcd" has 0 vowels. 

Wait, "bcb" — if the middle character is 'a' (vowel), then the string is "b a b". 

Then Alice can remove the 'a' or the entire string. 

But if she removes the entire string, she wins. 

Now, consider a string with 2 vowels that are not removable by Alice in a way that forces a win? 

Actually, no: In any string with at least one vowel, Alice can always win by either removing the entire string (if the total vowels is odd) or by removing a substring that leaves an odd number of vowels for Bob to deal with.

But wait, the optimal play might be different. 

But from the examples, it seems that as long as there is at least one vowel, Alice can win.

But let me test with a string that has two vowels and is of length 1: "aa" — already done, Alice wins.

Another test: a string with two vowels separated by many non-vowels. 

But Alice can remove the entire string (if the total vowels is even) — not allowed. Or she can remove one vowel, then the game continues. 

But eventually, the game will end with Bob not being able to move.

Actually, the game is such that the player who is faced with a string with 0 vowels loses. 

Alice can always remove a vowel (if available) or a substring with odd vowels (which might include multiple vowels). 

But the minimal move is to remove one vowel. 

But after removing one vowel, the total vowels decreases by 1. 

Then Bob can remove a substring with even vowels (which might be 0 or 2 or more). 

But the game will continue until the string has 0 vowels. 

But the player who takes the last vowel might not be the winner, because after removing the last vowel, the next player might not be able to move.

Actually, consider the state with 1 vowel: 
  Alice's turn: she can remove the entire string (1 vowel) and win.

State with 2 vowels:
  Alice's turn: she can remove one vowel (leaving 1) or the entire string (if even? no, 2 is even, so she cannot remove the entire string). 
  Then Bob's turn: the state with 1 vowel. Bob cannot move (because he needs even vowels, and the only substring has 1 vowel). So Bob loses.

State with 3 vowels:
  Alice can remove the entire string (3 is odd) and win.

State with 4 vowels:
  Alice can remove a substring with odd vowels (1 or 3). 
  If she removes 1, then 3 left, then Bob can remove the entire string (3 is odd) — but wait, Bob can only remove even. 
  Actually, after Alice removes 1 from 4, 3 left. Then Bob can remove a substring with even vowels (0 or 2). He can remove 2 if available. 
  But the entire string has 3 vowels. 

  Alternatively, Alice can remove 3 (odd) from 4, leaving 1. Then Bob cannot move (only substring has 1 vowel, odd). 

  So Alice can choose to remove 3 (if she can find a contiguous substring with 3 vowels) or remove 1. 

  In "leetcoder" (4 vowels), Alice removed a substring with 3 vowels and won.

But the key is: 

The total number of vowels is T.

Alice wins if T > 0.

Because:

- If T == 0, Alice loses.
- If T >= 1, then Alice can always win by either removing the entire string (if T is odd) or by removing a substring that leaves an odd number of vowels (if T is even). 

But wait, for T=2 (even), Alice cannot remove the entire string (because 2 is even). But she can remove one vowel (leaving 1, which is odd). Then Bob is faced with 1 vowel and loses. 

Similarly, for T=4 (even), Alice can remove 3 (leaving 1) or 1 (leaving 3). Both are winning moves. 

Actually, the game is equivalent to a nim game with one heap of size T, and moves are:

- Alice: remove any odd number (any odd number of vowels) — but only if the substring is contiguous. 
- Bob: remove any even number (any even number of vowels) — only if the substring is contiguous.

But the contiguous constraint might restrict the moves. 

However, note that the entire string is contiguous. 

But also, any substring is contiguous. 

But the minimal move is to remove 1 (for Alice) or 0 (for Bob, but 0 means removing non-vowels). 

Actually, the ability to remove any contiguous substring with the required parity means that Alice can always remove any odd number of vowels that are contiguous, and Bob can remove any even number of vowels that are contiguous. 

But the entire string might have vowels scattered. 

But the crucial observation is: 

The game is won by Alice if and only if the total number of vowels is not 0.

Because:

- If there is at least one vowel, then Alice can always make a move (by removing a single vowel, which is a contiguous substring). 

And then, the game reduces to a state with T-1 vowels (if she removes one) or more if she removes more. 

But actually, the winning strategy is not dependent on the exact moves but on the fact that Alice can always force the game to a state where Bob cannot move.

But from the examples, it seems that if there is at least one vowel, Alice wins.

Let me test with a string that has one vowel and is very long, say "a" + 10^5 non-vowels. 

Alice can remove the entire string (1 vowel, odd) and win. 

Or remove a single vowel (the same effect). 

Now, consider a string with two vowels that are not contiguous and the rest non-vowels. 

Alice can remove one vowel, then Bob can remove a contiguous non-vowel segment (even if it's 0 vowels) — but that doesn't help because the game continues. 

But eventually, the last move will be made by Alice or Bob? 

Actually, the player who takes the last vowel might not be the winner. 

But in fact, the game is equivalent to a game where the players are removing vowels, and the one who removes the last vowel wins? Not exactly, because after removing the last vowel, the next player might not be able to move (if there are non-vowels left, then Bob can remove non-vowels). 

Wait, no: after removing the last vowel, the string is all non-vowels. Then it's the next player's turn. 

For example, string "aX": 
  Alice's turn: she can remove "a" (vowel) or "X" (not allowed for Alice) or "aX" (vowel count 1, allowed). 
  If she removes "a", then the string is "X". Then Bob's turn: he can remove "X" (0 vowels, even). Then the string is empty, and it's Alice's turn — she cannot move, so Bob wins? 

Wait, no: after Bob removes "X", the string is empty. Then it's Alice's turn — she cannot move, so Alice loses. 

But in this case, the string "aX" has one vowel. 

But wait, "aX" has one vowel. 

Alice's move: she can remove a substring with odd vowels. The entire string "aX" has 1 vowel (odd) — allowed. So she can remove the entire string, then Bob loses. 

Alternatively, she can remove "a" (the vowel), then Bob removes "X" and wins. 

But since Alice plays optimally, she will choose to remove the entire string and win. 

So, the total vowels is 1, so Alice wins.

But if the string is "aX", then after Alice removes the entire string, Bob loses. 

Now, consider a string with two vowels and some non-vowels, and the two vowels are at the ends: "a...X...b". 

Alice can remove one vowel, say 'a', then the string becomes "...X...b". 

Then Bob can remove a substring with even vowels (0 or 2). He can remove the substring "X..." if it has 0 vowels. 

But then the game continues. 

But eventually, the last move might be made by Alice or Bob.

But the pattern holds: if there is at least one vowel, Alice wins.

Therefore, the solution is:

Count the number of vowels in s.

If the count is 0, return False.

Else, return True.

Let me test with the provided examples:

Example 1: s = "leetcoder" — count vowels: e, e, o, e — 4. Return True. Matches.

Example 2: s = "bbcd" — count 0. Return False. Matches.

Another test: "a" — count 1, True.

"aa" — count 2, True.

"aaa" — count 3, True.

"bbcd" — count 0, False.

"aX" — count 1, True.

"aaX" — count 2, True.

Now, edge: very long string with 0 vowels — False.

Very long string with 1 vowel — True.

So, the solution is simply to count the vowels.

But wait, what if the string has an even number of vowels greater than 0? 

Example: "aa" — count 2, which is even. We return True. 

But is there a case with even number of vowels (>=2) where Alice loses? 

Suppose a string with 2 vowels, but the only way to remove an odd vowel substring is to remove one vowel. Then Bob can remove the other vowel? 

No, because Bob can only remove even. 

But in "aa", Alice removes one vowel (leaving one vowel). Then Bob cannot remove the remaining one vowel (odd) — so Bob loses. 

Similarly, for any even number of vowels, Alice can remove one vowel, leaving an odd number. Then Bob is faced with an odd number of vowels. 

But wait, Bob can also remove non-vowels (if available) — that doesn't change the vowel count. 

Actually, the vowel count is the key. 

But the moves for Bob: he can remove a substring with even vowels. This can be:

- A substring with 0 vowels (non-vowels) — then the vowel count remains the same.
- A substring with 2,4,... vowels — then the vowel count decreases by that even number.

Similarly for Alice: she can remove a substring with odd vowels: 1,3,5,... 

But the optimal strategy is to reduce the vowel count to 0 on your turn.

But the minimal move for Alice is to remove 1 vowel (if available). 

And for Bob, the minimal move is to remove 0 vowels (if available) — but that doesn't help him; he should remove an even number of vowels to reduce the total.

But note: Removing non-vowels (0 vowels) is allowed for Bob, but it doesn't reduce the vowel count. 

But the game continues with the same vowel count. 

But the players can remove vowels as well. 

But the outcome is determined by the parity of the total vowels.

Actually, the game is equivalent to a nim game with one heap of size = total_vowels, and the moves are:

- Alice: can remove any odd number of vowels (as long as there is a contiguous substring with that many vowels). 
- Bob: can remove any even number of vowels (as long as there is a contiguous substring with that many vowels).

But the contiguous constraint might prevent removing an arbitrary number. 

However, note that the entire string is a contiguous substring. 

So, if the total vowels is V, then:

- Alice can remove any odd number k (1 <= k <= V) if k <= V and k is odd.
- Bob can remove any even number k (0 <= k <= V) if k <= V and k is even (but note: removing 0 vowels is allowed only if there is a non-empty substring with 0 vowels, i.e., at least one non-vowel).

But wait, the problem states that the substring must be non-empty. 

But removing 0 vowels is not allowed because the substring must be non-empty. 

But wait, the condition for Bob is even number of vowels, which includes 0. 

But the substring is non-empty, so even if the substring has 0 vowels, it is allowed. 

But the minimal move for Bob is to remove a substring with 0 vowels (non-vowels). 

But that doesn't change the vowel count. 

However, the game might have an infinite loop if players keep removing non-vowels. 

But the problem states that both play optimally. 

Optimal play means that a player will not make a move that allows the opponent to win. 

But if there are both vowels and non-vowels, then:

- Alice, if there is a vowel, can choose to remove a vowel or non-vowels? No, she must remove a substring with odd vowels. So she cannot remove non-vowels. 

Similarly, Bob must remove a substring with even vowels (which can be 0 or 2, etc.).

But the key is: the presence of non-vowels allows Bob to remove 0 vowels (and then the game continues). 

But the winning strategy is still: 

Alice wins if the total number of vowels is not 0.

Because:

- If there is at least one vowel, then Alice can always remove a vowel (a single one) and reduce the vowel count by 1. 

Then, the game continues with V-1 vowels. 

But Bob can then remove a substring with even vowels. 

But the optimal play is to reduce the vowel count to 0 on your turn.

But the moves are:

- Alice: Vowels become V - k (k odd)
- Bob: Vowels become V - k (k even)

But the game ends when a player cannot move. 

But the condition for not being able to move is:

For Alice: no substring with odd vowels exists. 

But a substring with odd vowels exists if there is at least one vowel (because a single vowel is a substring with 1 vowel). 

Similarly, for Bob: a substring with even vowels exists if there is a contiguous substring with 0 or 2 or more even vowels. 

But if there are no vowels, then for Bob, the entire string has 0 vowels (even) — but wait, if the string is all non-vowels, then Bob can remove the entire string (0 vowels, even). 

But then, after Bob removes the entire string, the game ends and Alice loses. 

Actually, the base case is: 

- If the string has no vowels, then the current player (if it's Alice) loses. But if it's Bob, then he can remove the entire string (0 vowels) and win. 

But wait, the turn order:

The first player who cannot make a move loses.

So, if the string has no vowels, then it's Alice's turn and she cannot move — she loses. 

But if the string has no vowels and it's Bob's turn, then he cannot move — he loses. 

Actually, the condition for not being able to move is independent of who's turn it is: 

- Alice: cannot move if there is no substring with odd vowels.
- Bob: cannot move if there is no substring with even vowels.

But if the string has no vowels, then:

- For Alice: no substring has odd vowels (since every substring has 0 vowels, even) — so she cannot move.
- For Bob: no substring has even vowels? No, the entire string has 0 vowels (even) — so he can move by removing the entire string. 

But wait, the string is empty initially? No, the string has non-vowels. 

Actually, if the string is all non-vowels, then for Alice: no substring has odd vowels (because all substrings have 0 vowels, which is even) — so Alice cannot move. 

For Bob: the entire string has 0 vowels (even) — so he can move by removing the entire string. 

But then, the game would be:

- Alice's turn: cannot move, so Alice loses.

But wait, the problem says: 

"Alice and Bob will take turns playing the following game where Alice starts first"

And the first player who cannot make a move loses.

So, if the string is all non-vowels, then on Alice's first turn, she cannot move — so she loses. 

But if the string is all non-vowels and it's Bob's turn, then he can move — but the game wouldn't reach Bob's turn if the string is all non-vowels and it's Alice's turn.

But the state is defined by the string and whose turn it is.

But the problem is: we are given the initial string and it's Alice's turn.

So, the solution is: 

Count the number of vowels in s.

If the count is 0, then Alice cannot move — return False.

Else, return True.

But wait, consider a string that is all non-vowels. Then the vowel count is 0, and Alice loses.

Now, consider a string that is all vowels. Then the vowel count is n (the length). 

If n is 0, then Alice loses. 

If n is 1, then Alice wins.

If n is 2, then Alice wins.

If n is 3, then Alice wins.

But wait, in a string of all vowels of length n, the entire string has n vowels (which is odd if n is odd, even if n is even). 

Alice can remove the entire string if n is odd. 

But if n is even, she cannot remove the entire string (because that's even). 

But she can remove a substring with odd vowels (any odd number). 

But then, the game continues. 

But the total number of vowels is n (even). 

But our solution returns True for any non-zero vowel count. 

But is that correct for a string of all vowels of even length? 

Example: "aa" (n=2, even). 

Alice can remove one 'a' (leaving one 'a'), then Bob cannot move (only substring has 1 vowel, odd). 

So Alice wins.

Example: "aaa" (n=3, odd). 

Alice can remove the entire string and win.

Example: "aaaa" (n=4, even). 

Alice can remove one 'a' (leaving 3), then Bob can remove the entire string (3 is odd — not allowed for Bob). 

Wait, Bob can only remove even. 

After Alice removes one 'a', the string is "aaa" (3 vowels). 

Bob can remove a substring with even vowels from "aaa". 

The entire string has 3 vowels (odd). 

Bob can remove a substring with 2 vowels (if available). 

In "aaa", he can remove two consecutive 'a's (substring of length 2, 2 vowels) — then the string becomes "a". 

Then Alice's turn: she can remove "a" (1 vowel) and win.

Alternatively, Bob can remove one 'a' (but that's odd — not allowed). 

So, in "aaaa", Alice's move: remove one 'a' (leaving 3). 

Bob's move: remove two 'a's (leaving 1). 

Alice's move: remove the last 'a' and wins.

So, Alice wins.

Now, consider a string of all vowels of length 0: not applicable.

Length 1: Alice wins.

Length 2: Alice wins.

Length 3: Alice wins.

Length 4: Alice wins.

But wait, is there a string with even number of vowels (but not all vowels) where Alice loses? 

Actually, no. 

The only time Alice loses is when the string has 0 vowels.

Therefore, the solution is simply to check if the string has at least one vowel.

So, the code is:

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        # Count the number of vowels in s
        vowels = "aeiou"
        count = sum(1 for char in s if char in vowels)
        return count > 0

But wait, let me test with the examples.

Example 1: "leetcoder" — has 4 vowels, returns True — correct.
Example 2: "bbcd" — 0 vowels, returns False — correct.

Another test: "a" — True.
"aab" — True (2 vowels).
"abc" — has 'a' — True.

But wait, what if the string has even number of vowels but they are not contiguous? 

But the count is what matters.

But wait, consider a string with no vowels: returns False.

And any string with at least one vowel: returns True.

But is that really the case? 

Let me consider a string with 1 vowel: Alice wins — correct.

String with 2 vowels: Alice wins — correct.

String with 3: wins.

String with 4: wins.

But is there any string with a positive number of vowels where Alice loses? 

Suppose a string with 1 vowel and it's at the end, and the rest is non-vowels. 

Alice can remove the entire string (1 vowel) and win.

Or remove the vowel alone and then Bob can remove non-vowels, but then Alice wins.

Similarly for any positive vowel count.

Therefore, the solution is to return whether the string contains at least one vowel.

But wait, the example explanation for "leetcoder" is a bit misleading because they didn't remove the entire string, but the outcome is still a win.

But the minimal condition is the presence of at least one vowel.

But wait, consider a string with 1 vowel and the vowel is not removable as the entire string? 

No, the entire string is always removable if it has odd vowels. 

But even if not, Alice can remove the vowel alone.

So, I think the solution is correct.

But let me check the official examples and constraints.

Constraints: s length up to 10^5.

Counting vowels is O(n), which is acceptable.

So, the final solution:

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        vowels = "aeiou"
        return any(char in vowels for char in s)

But wait, the condition is: Alice wins if there is at least one vowel. 

But what if the string has one vowel and it's the only character? Then Alice wins.

But what if the string has one vowel and non-vowels? Then Alice wins.

But wait, there's a catch: 

Consider a string with one vowel and no other characters: "a". 

Alice can remove "a" (1 vowel) and win.

Consider a string with one vowel and non-vowels: "aX". 

Alice can remove "a" (1 vowel) or "X" (not allowed) or "aX" (1 vowel). 

She removes one vowel and wins.

Now, consider a string with two vowels that are not contiguous: "aXb". 

Alice can remove one vowel (say 'a') and then Bob can remove 'X' (0 vowels) and then Alice removes 'b' and wins.

But the code returns True for any string with at least one vowel.

But wait, is there a string with at least one vowel where Alice loses? 

Suppose a string with one vowel, but the vowel is not removable by Alice? 

No, a single vowel is always removable by Alice.

Similarly, two vowels are always removable by Alice (she can remove one).

But what if the string is "aa" (two vowels). 

Alice can remove one 'a', then Bob cannot move (only substring has 1 vowel, which is odd — not allowed). 

So Alice wins.

Now, consider a string with three vowels: "aaa". 

Alice can remove one 'a', leaving two 'a's. Then Bob can remove two 'a's (even) and win? 

Wait, after Alice removes one 'a', the string is "aa". 

Bob's move: he can remove a substring with even vowels. 

The entire string "aa" has 2 vowels (even), so he can remove it. 

Then the string is empty, and it's Alice's turn — she cannot move, so Bob wins? 

But wait, no: after Bob removes the entire string, the game ends and Alice loses. 

But then, in "aaa", if Alice removes one 'a', then Bob wins. 

But Alice can also remove three 'a's (the entire string) because 3 is odd. 

So she can remove the entire string and win immediately. 

So, Alice has a choice: remove one or three. 

Optimal play: remove three and win.

Similarly, in "leetcoder" (4 vowels), she removes 3 and leaves 1, then Bob cannot move.

But in "aaa" (3 vowels), she can remove 3 and win.

So, the key is: if there is at least one vowel, Alice can always win by either removing the entire string (if the total vowels is odd) or by removing a substring that leaves an odd number of vowels (if even). 

But the existence of a move is guaranteed if there is at least one vowel.

Therefore, the answer is simply: 

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        # If there is at least one vowel, Alice can win; otherwise, she loses.
        return any(char in 'aeiou' for char in s)

But wait, consider a string with two vowels and the rest non-vowels, but the two vowels are not removable by Alice in a way that leaves Bob without a move? 

Actually, no: 

In a string with two vowels, Alice removes one vowel (leaving one vowel). Then Bob is faced with a string that has one vowel. 

In that string, Bob cannot remove a substring with even vowels (the only substring with even vowels would be 0, but the entire string has 1 vowel, so he can only remove a substring with 0 vowels if there is a non-vowel part. 

But if the string after Alice's move has one vowel and non-vowels, then Bob can remove a non-vowel part (0 vowels) and then the game continues. 

But eventually, the last move will be made by Alice.

But the invariant is: 

- Alice can always remove a vowel (if available).
- Bob can always remove a non-vowel part (if available) or a vowel part (even number).

But the game will end when there are no vowels left and it's a player's turn who cannot move. 

But if there are non-vowels left, then the player whose turn it is can remove them (if the player requires even vowels, then they can remove non-vowels). 

But actually, the player who is faced with a string with no vowels loses. 

Because:

- If the string has no vowels, then Alice (if it's her turn) cannot move (since she needs odd vowels). 
- But if the string has no vowels and it's Bob's turn, then he can move by removing the entire string (0 vowels, even). 

But the game starts with Alice. 

But the entire game can be broken down by the presence of vowels and non-vowels.

But the simplest observation is: 

Alice wins if and only if the string contains at least one vowel.

Because:

- If there is at least one vowel, then Alice can make a move (remove one vowel or the entire string if the total is odd). 

And then, the game state will eventually reach a state where Bob cannot move.

But wait, consider a string with one vowel and nothing else: "a". 

Alice removes it and wins.

String with two vowels: Alice removes one, then Bob is faced with a string that has one vowel and possibly non-vowels. 

But then, Bob can remove non-vowels (if any) or if not, then he is forced to remove the last vowel (but he cannot because it's odd). 

But the key is: the player who takes the last vowel might win or lose depending on whose turn it is and whether non-vowels are left.

But actually, the game is such that the player who removes the last vowel might not be the winner. 

But from the examples, it's always that Alice wins if there is at least one vowel.

I think the initial observation is correct.

Let me submit the solution.

But wait, I just found a counterexample:

Consider s = "ee"

This has 2 vowels. 

Alice's turn: she can remove a substring with odd vowels. 

The entire string "ee" has 2 vowels (even) — not allowed. 

She can remove a substring of length 1: "e" (1 vowel, odd). 

Then the string becomes "e". 

Bob's turn: the string "e" has 1 vowel. 

Bob can only remove a substring with even vowels. 

The only substring is "e" (1 vowel, odd) — not allowed. 

So Bob loses, Alice wins.

Now, consider s = "e" — Alice wins.

s = "ee" — Alice wins.

But consider s = "e" and s = "ee", both are handled.

Now, consider a string with 0 vowels: "x" — Alice loses.

Now, consider a string with 3 vowels: "eee". 

Alice can remove the entire string (3 is odd) and win.

Or remove one 'e' (leaving 2). 

If she removes one, then the string is "ee". 

Then Bob's turn: he can remove a substring with even vowels. 

The entire string "ee" has 2 vowels (even), so he removes it and wins? 

But wait, after Bob removes "ee", the string is empty, and it's Alice's turn — she cannot move, so Bob wins. 

But Alice has the option to remove the entire string (3) and win immediately. 

So she will do that.

Similarly, in any string with at least one vowel, Alice can choose to remove the entire string if the total vowels is odd, or remove one vowel if even, and then the game continues in a way that she wins.

But the existence of a vowel guarantees a move for Alice, and from there, she can force a win.

Therefore, the solution is:

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        return any(char in 'aeiou' for char in s)

But let me test with the provided examples and edge cases.

Edge case: empty string? But constraints say s length >= 1.

Another edge: string with one non-vowel: returns False — correct.

String with one vowel: True.

String with two vowels: True.

String with three: True.

String with four: True.

So, I think this is the solution.

But wait, what if the string has one vowel and the vowel is not removable because of the substring condition? 

No, a single vowel is a substring with 1 vowel (odd) — allowed.

Similarly, two vowels are not removable by Alice if the entire string is two vowels (even) — but she can remove one vowel (a substring of one vowel) — that's allowed.

So, the code is:

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        vowels = "aeiou"
        for char in s:
            if char in vowels:
                return True
        return False

Or using any:

class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        return any(char in 'aeiou' for char in s)

I'll submit this.

But wait, the example "bbcd" has 0 vowels — returns False — correct.

"leetcoder" has vowels — returns True — correct.

But the example explanation for "leetcoder" was complex, but the condition is simply the presence of a vowel.

So, the final solution is to check if there is at least one vowel.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine if Alice can win the game given a string where both players play optimally. The game involves Alice and Bob taking turns to remove substrings with specific vowel counts. Alice removes a substring with an odd number of vowels, and Bob removes a substring with an even number of vowels. The first player who cannot make a move loses.

### Approach
The key observation here is that Alice can always win if there is at least one vowel in the string. This is because Alice can start by removing a single vowel (a substring of length 1 with one vowel, which is odd). After her move, the game state changes, and Bob is forced into a position where he might not have a valid move or might leave Alice in a winning position. Conversely, if the string contains no vowels, Alice cannot make any move and thus loses immediately.

The solution involves checking the presence of any vowel in the string. If there is at least one vowel, Alice can win; otherwise, she loses.

### Solution Code
```python
class Solution:
    def doesAliceWin(self, s: str) -> bool:
        vowels = "aeiou"
        return any(char in vowels for char in s)
```

### Explanation
1. **Problem Analysis**: The problem requires checking if Alice can win the game by optimally removing substrings with odd vowel counts. The solution hinges on the observation that any string with at least one vowel allows Alice to make a move, ensuring her victory with optimal play.
2. **Intuition**: Alice's ability to win depends solely on the presence of vowels in the string. If there are no vowels, Alice cannot make a move and loses. Otherwise, she can always make a move that either wins immediately or sets up a winning position for subsequent turns.
3. **Algorithm Selection**: The algorithm simply checks each character in the string to see if it is a vowel. If any vowel is found, Alice can win; otherwise, she cannot.
4. **Complexity Analysis**: The solution involves a single pass through the string, making it efficient with a time complexity of O(n), where n is the length of the string. The space complexity is O(1) as no additional data structures are used. This approach is optimal for the given constraints.