=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There are N+2 cells arranged in a row. Let cell i denote the i-th cell from the left.
There is one stone placed in each of the cells from cell 1 to cell N.
For each 1 \leq i \leq N, the stone in cell i is white if S_i is W, and black if S_i is B.
Cells N+1 and N+2 are empty.
You can perform the following operation any number of times (possibly zero):

- Choose a pair of adjacent cells that both contain stones, and move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order.
  More precisely, choose an integer x such that 1 \leq x \leq N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. Move the stones from cells x and x+1 to cells k and k+1, respectively.

Determine if it is possible to achieve the following state, and if so, find the minimum number of operations required:

- Each of the cells from cell 1 to cell N contains one stone, and for each 1 \leq i \leq N, the stone in cell i is white if T_i is W, and black if T_i is B.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
S
T

Output

If it is possible to achieve the desired state, print the minimum number of operations required. If it is impossible, print -1.

Constraints


- 2 \leq N \leq 14
- N is an integer.
- Each of S and T is a string of length N consisting of B and W.

Sample Input 1

6
BWBWBW
WWWBBB

Sample Output 1

4

Using . to represent an empty cell, the desired state can be achieved in four operations as follows, which is the minimum:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW
- BWWBB..W
- ..WBBBWW
- WWWBBB..

Sample Input 2

6
BBBBBB
WWWWWW

Sample Output 2

-1

Sample Input 3

14
BBBWBWWWBBWWBW
WBWWBBWWWBWBBB

Sample Output 3

7

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I need to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me try to understand what's being asked.

We have N+2 cells in a row, with the first N cells having stones (either white 'W' or black 'B'). The next two cells (N+1 and N+2) are empty. The goal is to rearrange the stones so that they match the target configuration T, using a specific operation.

The operation allows me to choose two adjacent cells that both have stones and move them to the two empty cells, preserving the order. Importantly, the two empty cells must be adjacent as well? Wait, no, actually, the operation says: choose an integer x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Then, let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. Then move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1 respectively.

Wait, actually, reading carefully: "choose an integer x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones." So x can be from 1 to N+1, but if x is N+1, then cell N+1 and N+2 must both have stones? But initially, cells N+1 and N+2 are empty. So the operation can be performed only when there are two consecutive stones somewhere, and the two empty cells are adjacent. But wait, the two empty cells are always two adjacent cells? Because the problem says "let k and k+1 be the empty two cells". So the two empty cells are consecutive.

But initially, the two empty cells are consecutive (N+1 and N+2). After moving, the two stones are moved to the empty two cells, so the two empty cells must be adjacent. Therefore, the operation always moves two adjacent stones to two adjacent empty cells (which are also consecutive). 

But wait, actually, the operation doesn't specify that the empty two cells are adjacent in the row? Or are they? The problem says "the empty two cells", but they are two cells. However, the operation requires that the two empty cells are adjacent? Or just two empty cells anywhere? Let me read again.

"Move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order." It doesn't specify that the two empty cells are adjacent. But then, after moving, the two stones are placed in the two empty cells. However, the operation requires that the two chosen stones are adjacent (so they are in consecutive cells). Then, the two empty cells must be two consecutive cells as well? Or can they be non-consecutive?

Wait, the operation is defined as: choose x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Then, let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. So the two empty cells are consecutive (k and k+1). Therefore, the operation always moves two adjacent stones (from cells x and x+1) to two adjacent empty cells (k and k+1).

So, the two empty cells are always consecutive. This means that we have two adjacent empty cells somewhere. The operation swaps two adjacent stones (from the left) with two adjacent empty cells (from the right? Or just moves them to the empty two cells, which are consecutive).

Wait, actually, the operation doesn't specify the direction. It just says: move the stones from cells x and x+1 to cells k and k+1, respectively. So, the stones from x go to k, and from x+1 go to k+1. 

But the problem is: the two empty cells (k and k+1) must be adjacent. So, the operation is essentially swapping two adjacent stones with two adjacent empty cells, but the stones are moved to the empty cells and the empty cells become the previous positions of the stones? No, because the operation doesn't specify that. Actually, the stones are moved from x and x+1 to k and k+1, so the original x and x+1 become empty, and k and k+1 become filled. But then, the two empty cells are now at x and x+1 (if k and k+1 were not adjacent to x and x+1) — but wait, no, the operation doesn't require that the two empty cells are adjacent to the two stones. It just says: choose two adjacent stones (at x and x+1) and move them to two adjacent empty cells (k and k+1). Then, the two empty cells (x and x+1) become empty, and the two stones are placed at k and k+1.

Wait, that doesn't make sense. Because if we move stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, then the cells x and x+1 become empty, and k and k+1 become occupied. So the two empty cells are now at x and x+1 (if they weren't already) — but actually, the two empty cells are now two consecutive cells (x and x+1) and the two target empty cells (k and k+1) are now filled.

But initially, the two empty cells are at N+1 and N+2. After the first operation, we can choose two adjacent stones (say at x and x+1) and move them to the two empty cells (N+1 and N+2). Then, the two empty cells become x and x+1 (because we moved the stones from there). So the empty cells are now consecutive at x and x+1.

But wait, the operation requires that both x and x+1 have stones and that k and k+1 are the empty two cells (which are consecutive). Then, after the move, the stones from x and x+1 are gone and the empty cells are now at x and x+1 (because we moved the stones to k and k+1). But then, the two empty cells are now at x and x+1, which are consecutive. So the two empty cells are always consecutive.

Therefore, the state is defined by the positions of the stones and the two consecutive empty cells. The operation is reversible: moving two adjacent stones to the two consecutive empty cells (which are at some other location) and then the stones become the new empty cells.

This operation is similar to a swap of two adjacent stones with two adjacent empty cells, but actually, it's more like the stones are moved from their current positions to the empty cells, and then the previous positions of the stones become empty. 

But wait, the operation doesn't require that the two empty cells are adjacent to the two stones. So, for example, I can have:

Initial state: 
Cells: 1: W, 2: B, 3: W, 4: B, 5: W, 6: B, 7: empty, 8: empty.

Then, I can choose two adjacent stones, say at cells 3 and 4 (W and B) and move them to the two empty cells (7 and 8). Then, the state becomes:

Cells: 1: W, 2: B, 3: empty, 4: empty, 5: W, 6: B, 7: W, 8: B.

Now, the two empty cells are at 3 and 4. Then, I can choose two adjacent stones from, say, cells 5 and 6 (W and B) and move them to the empty cells 3 and 4. Then, the state becomes:

Cells: 1: W, 2: B, 3: W, 4: B, 5: empty, 6: empty, 7: W, 8: B.

So, we can move stones from the right side to the left, or vice versa.

This operation allows the stones to "jump" over the empty cells. Essentially, the two empty cells can be thought of as a "hole" that can move left and right, and stones can be swapped with the hole.

But actually, the operation is more like: the two adjacent stones are moved to the two empty cells (which are two consecutive cells somewhere else), and then the stones leave their positions, making two new empty cells. 

This operation is similar to the "rook" moves in a two-dimensional grid, but here it's one-dimensional. However, the two empty cells are consecutive, so the operation is a bit more constrained.

But note: the two empty cells are always consecutive. So the entire state is characterized by the positions of the stones and the two consecutive empty cells.

We can represent the state as a tuple of length N+2, but with two consecutive empty cells. However, N is at most 14, so the total number of cells is 16. The state space is the number of ways to place N stones (each being W or B) in 16 positions, but actually, the stones are distinguishable only by their color and their position? Actually, the stones are indistinguishable except for color, but wait, the problem doesn't say that the stones are identical. Actually, the problem says: "the stone in cell i is white if S_i is W, and black if S_i is B." Then, the goal is to have the stones in the first N cells to be T_1 to T_N.

But wait, the stones are distinct by their initial positions? Or are they identical except for color? Actually, the problem doesn't specify. But note: the operation preserves the order of the two stones. So if we have two stones (say W and B) in adjacent cells, and we move them to two empty cells, then the W goes to the first empty cell and the B to the second. 

But actually, the stones are moved in order: the stone from x goes to k, and from x+1 goes to k+1. So if we have two stones, say A and B (with A at x and B at x+1), then after moving, A is at k and B at k+1.

This means that the stones are distinguishable by their color and their initial positions? Actually, no, because if two stones are of the same color, then swapping them doesn't change the state. But wait, the problem: the goal is to have the first N cells to have the stones as specified by T. So the stones are not labeled individually, only by their color. 

But wait, the operation preserves the order. So if two stones are adjacent, and we move them, then the order is preserved. This operation is like a reversal of the two empty cells? Actually, no, it's a translation: the two stones move to the empty cells, and the two stones are placed in the same relative order.

But note: the operation is reversible. Each operation is its own inverse: if I move two adjacent stones to the two empty cells, then I can reverse the operation by moving the two adjacent stones (now in the empty cells) to the two empty cells (now at the previous positions).

But the state space is large: the two empty cells can be in any consecutive pair from (1,2) to (N+1, N+2). There are N+1 possible positions for the two empty cells.

Each stone is either W or B, and there are N stones. So the state is defined by the positions of the stones (or equivalently, the positions of the two empty cells) and the arrangement of W and B in the first N cells.

But actually, the stones are not labeled by their initial positions. The problem is: we start with a fixed arrangement S (each cell from 1 to N has a stone with color S_i). Then, we want to reach T (each cell from 1 to N has a stone with color T_i). 

But note: the stones are identical except for color. So if two stones of the same color are swapped, the state doesn't change. However, the operation moves two stones (with their colors) to two empty cells. So the stones are not labeled, but their colors are. 

But wait, the operation preserves the order. So if I have two stones of different colors, say W then B, and I move them, then the W goes to the first empty cell and the B to the second. So the order is preserved. 

This operation is similar to a permutation of the stones, but with the constraint that we can only swap two adjacent stones with two adjacent empty cells. 

But note: the two empty cells are consecutive, so the entire system can be thought of as having two "holes" that can be moved around. 

Actually, the problem is equivalent to having a permutation of the stones (with two types, W and B) and being able to swap two adjacent stones with two adjacent empty cells. 

But the goal is to rearrange the stones from the initial configuration S to the target configuration T. 

This is similar to a sliding puzzle (like 15-puzzle) but with two consecutive empty cells and the ability to move two adjacent stones at once.

Since N is at most 14, the total number of cells is 16. The state can be represented by the positions of the two empty cells (there are 15 possible gaps between 16 cells? Actually, the two empty cells must be consecutive, so the possible positions for the two empty cells are from (1,2) to (15,16). There are 15 possible consecutive pairs, but actually, the two empty cells are two consecutive cells, so the leftmost empty cell can be from 1 to 15 (so the pair (i, i+1) for i from 1 to 15). So 15 possible positions for the empty cells.

Now, the stones: we have N stones (N = 14, so 14 stones) and two empty cells. The state is the arrangement of the stones (with their colors) in the 16 cells, but with two consecutive cells being empty. 

But the state space is 15 (positions for the empty cells) multiplied by the number of ways to arrange the stones (which are 14 stones, each either W or B). But wait, the stones are not distinct by their color alone? Actually, the stones are indistinguishable except for color. But the initial state and the target state specify the colors at each cell. 

Actually, the state must record the color of each stone in the first N cells. But wait, the stones are moved, but their colors are fixed. So we can think of the stones as having a fixed color. But actually, the stones are identical except for color, and the operation moves two adjacent stones (preserving order) to the two empty cells. 

But note: the operation doesn't change the multiset of colors. So if the initial and target have the same number of W and B, then it's possible, otherwise impossible.

Wait, that's a key point. The operation doesn't change the count of W and B. So if the initial S and target T have different counts of W and B, then it's impossible. 

But in the sample input 2: 
6
BBBBBB
WWWWWW

Here, initial has 6 B's and target has 6 W's. So different counts. So output -1.

So first check: if the counts of W in S and T are different, then output -1.

But note: the stones are in fixed positions? Actually, no: the stones are moved, but the colors are fixed. So the multiset of colors must be the same. 

So step 1: check if the multiset (count) of W and B in S is the same as in T. If not, output -1.

But wait, the problem says: the stones are initially from cell 1 to N, and each is either W or B. Then, the target is T. The operation moves stones (with their colors) to different positions. So the multiset of colors must be the same.

Now, the state space: the two empty cells are consecutive, and the first N cells have the stones (each stone has a color). The state can be represented by the positions of the two empty cells (15 possibilities) and the arrangement of the stones (but the stones are indistinct except for color). 

But actually, the arrangement of the stones (the colors) in the entire row (16 cells) is what matters. However, the two empty cells are consecutive, so the state is determined by the two empty cells and the colors in the other cells.

But wait, the entire row has 16 cells. We can represent the state as a tuple of 16 characters, with two consecutive cells being '.' (or empty) and the rest being either 'W' or 'B'. But the two empty cells must be consecutive. 

But note: the initial state has the first N cells as S, and the last two as empty. The target state has the first N cells as T, and the last two as empty.

But the problem is: the two empty cells can be anywhere, not necessarily at the end.

We can use BFS or Dijkstra's algorithm to search the state space. Each state is defined by the positions of the two empty cells (the consecutive pair) and the arrangement of the stones (the colors) in the other cells. But wait, the arrangement of the stones in the entire row is determined by the initial arrangement and the operations. 

But note: the stones are moved, but their colors are fixed. So the entire row (16 cells) has two empty and 14 colored cells. The state is determined by the positions of the two empty cells and the multiset of colors in the non-empty cells? But no, because the colors are fixed, and the arrangement (permutation) of the colors matters.

Actually, we can represent the state by the two empty cell positions (a tuple (k, k+1)) and the arrangement of the stones (the colors) in the first N cells (but wait, the stones are in the entire row except the two empty cells). 

But the goal is to have the first N cells (the leftmost N cells) to be T. 

Alternatively, we can consider the entire row of 16 cells, with two consecutive empty cells. The state is the arrangement of the stones (colors) and the positions of the two empty cells.

But the state space is: the two empty cells (15 possibilities) and the arrangement of the 14 stones (each being W or B) in the remaining 14 cells. But the stones are not labeled individually, but we know the initial multiset. 

Actually, the stones are distinct by their initial color and position? Or not? The problem doesn't specify. But note: the operation moves two adjacent stones (with their colors) to the empty cells. 

But since the stones are identical except for color, we can represent the state by the positions of the two empty cells and a multiset (or count) of W and B? But that is not sufficient because the arrangement of W and B matters.

Wait, no. The state must record the exact arrangement of the colors in the entire row (except the two empty cells). 

But the row has 16 cells, two consecutive empty. So we can represent the state by a string of 16 characters, where two consecutive characters are '.' and the rest are 'W' or 'B'. But the two consecutive '.' must be adjacent.

But the state space: the two empty cells can be in 15 positions (from (1,2) to (15,16)), and for the remaining 14 cells, we have to assign the stones (the multiset is fixed, but the arrangement can be arbitrary). 

But the initial state: the first N cells are S, and the last two are '.'. The target state: the first N cells are T, and the last two are '.'.

But the operations allow moving two adjacent stones (preserving order) to the two empty cells. 

This is a permutation of the stones. The minimal number of operations is the minimal number of such moves.

But note: the operation is reversible. So we can use BFS to find the minimal number of operations.

But the state space: the two empty cells (15 possibilities) and the arrangement of the stones (the colors) in the other 14 cells. 

But the arrangement of the stones (colors) is fixed by the initial multiset. However, the stones are not labeled, so we can represent the state by the two empty cells and the counts of W and B in each segment? Actually, no, because the arrangement (order) of W and B matters for the goal.

Wait, the goal is to have the first N cells (the leftmost N cells) to be T. But during the process, the stones can be in any order (as long as the multiset is preserved). 

But note: the stones are moved, and the operation preserves the order of the two stones being moved. But if we have two stones of the same color, then moving them doesn't change the state (because the colors are the same). 

But wait, the operation moves two adjacent stones (say W then B) to the two empty cells (which are consecutive). Then, the two empty cells become the previous positions. So the entire system is a permutation of the stones, with the constraint that we can only swap two adjacent stones with two consecutive empty cells (and the swap is a block move of two adjacent stones).

But the state is determined by the positions of the two empty cells and the arrangement (permutation) of the stones (with their colors) in the other cells.

But the state space is 15 (for the two empty cells) multiplied by the number of ways to arrange 14 stones (each being W or B) in the remaining 14 cells, but with the constraint that the multiset of colors is fixed (the initial multiset). 

But the initial multiset is given, and the target multiset is the same. The number of distinct states is 15 * (number of distinct arrangements of the 14 stones). 

But the number of distinct arrangements is the multinomial coefficient: 14! / (count_W! * count_B!). Since N is 14, the maximum count_W is 14, so the arrangements are 14!/(c1! * c2!) which can be large (over 10^10) but 14! is about 87 billion, which is too many.

But wait, N is at most 14, so the total number of states is 15 * (number of distinct color arrangements). The distinct color arrangements: the initial S has a fixed multiset (say, w0 W's and b0 B's). Then, the state must have the same multiset. The number of distinct arrangements is C(14, w0) (if we consider the stones indistinguishable except for color). But wait, the stones are distinguishable by their initial positions? Or are they not?

Wait, actually, the problem does not specify that the stones are labeled. The operation moves two adjacent stones (with their colors) to the empty cells. So if two stones are the same color, then moving them doesn't change the state. But the state is defined by the colors in each cell. 

But note: the goal is to have the first N cells (the leftmost N cells) to be T. The entire row (16 cells) has two empty cells. The state is defined by the colors in the 14 non-empty cells and the positions of the two empty cells.

But the operation moves two adjacent stones (so the colors in those two cells) to the two empty cells. Then, the two empty cells become the previous positions of the stones.

But the state space is: the two empty cells (15 possibilities) and the arrangement of the 14 stones (each being W or B) in the remaining 14 cells, but with the multiset of colors fixed (from the initial S). 

But note: the initial S is given, and the multiset is fixed. So the state space is the number of ways to arrange the fixed multiset of W and B in the 14 non-empty cells, and the two empty cells (which are consecutive). 

But the number of distinct arrangements (for the 14 cells) is C(14, count_W) (if we choose positions for W, the rest are B). But wait, the two empty cells are also part of the state. 

Actually, the state is defined by the entire row of 16 cells, with two consecutive cells being empty and the rest having colors (the multiset is fixed). 

But the total number of states is 15 * C(14, count_W). 

Since N is 14, the maximum count_W is 14, so the maximum number of states is 15 * (14 choose 7) which is 15 * 3432 = 51480. That's acceptable.

But wait, we have to consider that the two empty cells are consecutive, and the arrangement of the 14 stones (with fixed multiset) in the other 14 cells. 

So, we can represent a state by (empty_start, the arrangement of the 14 stones). But the arrangement of the 14 stones must be in the 14 non-empty cells. But the two empty cells break the row into two segments? Actually, the entire row is fixed: 16 cells. We can represent the state by the two empty cells (k, k+1) and a string of 14 characters (the colors of the non-empty cells, in order from left to right, ignoring the empty cells). 

But actually, the entire row is fixed. The state is the entire row (16 characters). But the two empty cells are consecutive, so we can represent the state by the positions of the empty cells and the color string for the entire row (with two '.' for the empty cells). 

But then, the state space is 15 * (number of ways to assign the fixed multiset to the 14 non-empty cells) but with the constraint that the two empty cells are consecutive. 

But note: the two empty cells are consecutive, so the arrangement of the colors in the entire row is fixed by the positions of the empty cells and the arrangement of the colors in the non-empty cells.

But the state space is the set of all strings of length 16, with two consecutive '.' and the rest being W or B, and the multiset of W and B is fixed (from the initial S). 

The total number of states is 15 * (number of distinct color arrangements for the 14 cells). 

But the number of distinct color arrangements is the multinomial coefficient: 14! / (count_W! * count_B!). 

But we can use BFS (breadth-first search) to traverse the state space, starting from the initial state (empty cells at N+1 and N+2, and the first N cells are S) and the target state (empty cells at N+1 and N+2, and the first N cells are T). 

But note: the target state might have the empty cells not at the end? Actually, the target state is defined as: the first N cells (cells 1 to N) are T, and the last two are empty. But the problem says: "Each of the cells from cell 1 to cell N contains one stone, and for each 1 ≤ i ≤ N, the stone in cell i is white if T_i is W, and black if T_i is B." And the two empty cells are at N+1 and N+2. 

But wait, the problem doesn't specify that the empty cells must be at the end in the target state. Actually, the target state is defined by the condition on the first N cells. The two empty cells can be anywhere? Or must they be at the end?

Let me read the problem again: "Determine if it is possible to achieve the following state, and if so, find the minimum number of operations required: Each of the cells from cell 1 to cell N contains one stone, and for each 1 ≤ i ≤ N, the stone in cell i is white if T_i is W, and black if T_i is B."

It doesn't specify the positions of the two empty cells. But note: the operation requires that we have two consecutive empty cells. And the goal state must have exactly two empty cells (because we start with two empty cells and the operation preserves the number of stones). 

But the problem says: "Each of the cells from cell 1 to cell N contains one stone", so the two empty cells must be at positions N+1 and N+2? Or can they be elsewhere?

Actually, the problem does not specify the positions of the empty cells in the target state. But the initial state has empty cells at N+1 and N+2. The operation doesn't change the total number of stones (we move two stones to the two empty cells, so the stones count remains N). 

But the problem says: the state must have the first N cells containing one stone each. Therefore, the two empty cells must be in the remaining two cells (N+1 and N+2). 

Wait, no: the problem says "There are N+2 cells arranged in a row". Then, the condition is that the first N cells each contain one stone. Then, the two empty cells must be in the last two cells (N+1 and N+2). 

Because if any of the first N cells were empty, then that cell would not have a stone, violating the condition.

Therefore, the target state must have the first N cells filled and the last two empty. 

So the target state is fixed: the first N cells are T, and the last two are empty.

Now, the initial state: the first N cells are S, and the last two are empty.

But note: the operation can move the empty cells around. So the empty cells might not be at the end during the process, but in the target state, they must be.

So we can use BFS starting from the initial state (empty cells at N+1 and N+2) and the target state (empty cells at N+1 and N+2) with the first N cells being T.

But wait, the target state is uniquely defined: the first N cells are T and the last two are empty.

But the operation allows moving two adjacent stones (anywhere) to the two empty cells (which are consecutive). 

So the BFS state is the entire row (16 cells) with two consecutive empty cells. 

But the state space is: the positions of the two empty cells (15 possibilities) and the arrangement of the stones (the multiset is fixed, so the state is determined by the positions of the empty cells and the arrangement of the stones in the other 14 cells). 

But the arrangement of the stones must be the initial multiset (so we can precompute the multiset). 

However, we can represent a state by the entire row (a string of 16 characters, each being 'W', 'B', or '.') with the condition that exactly two consecutive cells are '.' and the rest are 'W' or 'B'. 

But the total number of states is 15 * (number of distinct color arrangements for the 14 cells). 

But the distinct color arrangements: we have a fixed multiset (from the initial S). So the number of distinct color arrangements is 14! / (count_W! * count_B!). 

But wait, the initial S has a fixed multiset. So we can use that to generate states. But the state space is 15 * (number of distinct color arrangements). 

But 14! is 87 billion, which is too many to generate all states. 

But note: the initial state is given, and the target state is given. We can use BFS from the initial state to the target state, but the state space might be too large (if we consider all arrangements). 

But wait, we are only allowed to perform the operation (moving two adjacent stones to the two consecutive empty cells). This operation is reversible, so we can also consider going backwards.

But the state space is defined by the two empty cells and the arrangement of the stones. The total number of states is 15 * (number of distinct color arrangements). The distinct color arrangements is the number of ways to assign the fixed multiset (from S) to the 14 non-empty cells. 

But the fixed multiset is from S, which has a fixed number of W and B. 

The maximum number of states is 15 * (14 choose 7) (if 7 W and 7 B) which is 15 * 3432 = 51480. 

Wait, no: the multiset is fixed. The number of distinct color arrangements is the number of ways to assign the fixed multiset (say, w W's and b B's, with w+b=14) to the 14 non-empty cells. This is C(14, w) (if we choose positions for W, the rest are B). 

But wait, the two empty cells are consecutive, so the entire row has 16 cells, two consecutive are empty. The non-empty cells are the other 14. The number of distinct arrangements is the number of ways to assign the fixed multiset (w W's and b B's) to the 14 non-empty cells. 

But the positions of the empty cells are fixed (consecutive) and the arrangement of the stones is independent. 

Actually, the state is uniquely defined by the positions of the two empty cells and the arrangement of the stones in the other 14 cells. 

But the arrangement of the stones must be the initial multiset. 

But wait, the operations move the stones, so the multiset remains the same. 

So the state space is the set of all strings of length 16 that have two consecutive '.' and the rest are W or B, and the number of W's is the same as in S (and similarly for B). 

The number of such states is 15 * (number of ways to arrange the multiset in the 14 non-empty cells). 

But the number of ways to arrange the multiset is: 14! / (w! * b!). 

But 14! is 87 billion, which is too many to iterate over.

But wait, the problem constraints say N is at most 14, but the state space is 15 * (14!/(w! * b!)). For example, if w=7, b=7, then 14!/(7!7!) is 3432. Then 15 * 3432 = 51480, which is acceptable.

But if w is 0, then 1 way. If w is 1, then 14 ways. So the maximum is 3432 (when w=7). 

So the total states is 15 * (number of distinct arrangements). The maximum is 15 * 3432 = 51480. 

So we can do BFS.

Steps:

1. Check if the multiset (count of W and B) of S and T are the same. If not, output -1.

2. Let w0 = count of 'W' in S (which equals count of 'W' in T). Similarly for B.

3. The initial state: a string of length 16: 
   - The first N characters are S[0..N-1]
   - Then two '.' (empty)

   But wait, the initial state has empty cells at N+1 and N+2, so the string is: S (length N) + ".."

   But wait, the row has N+2 cells. The initial state: cells 1 to N: S, then two empty (cells N+1 and N+2). 

   But the representation: we can have a string of length 16 (N+2=16) where the first N characters are S, then two '.'.

4. The target state: a string of length 16: T (first N characters) and then two '.'.

5. We need to do BFS (using a queue) from the initial state, and we want to reach the target state. Each operation: from a state, we can perform the operation if there exists a pair of consecutive stones (i.e., two adjacent cells that are not empty) and two consecutive empty cells (anywhere). 

But wait, the operation is: choose x (from 1 to N+1) such that cells x and x+1 are not empty (i.e., have stones). Then, the two empty cells (k and k+1) must exist. Then, we move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, respectively. 

But note: the operation does not require that the two empty cells are adjacent to the two stones. 

So from a state (a string of 16 characters, with two consecutive '.'), we can:

- Find the positions of the two consecutive empty cells (k, k+1).
- Find all pairs (x, x+1) such that the two cells x and x+1 are not empty (so they are stones). 

Then, for each such pair (x, x+1), we can perform the operation: move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, respectively. Then, the two empty cells become x and x+1 (because we removed the stones from x and x+1). 

But wait, the operation moves the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. Then, the two empty cells (x and x+1) are now empty, and the two stones are placed at k and k+1. 

But note: the operation does not change the multiset, so the color at x goes to k and the color at x+1 goes to k+1.

But wait, the operation is defined as: move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, respectively. 

So we must update the state: set cell x to '.' and cell x+1 to '.' (because we remove the stones from x and x+1) and set cell k to the color that was at x, and cell k+1 to the color that was at x+1.

But wait, no: we are moving the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. So we remove the stones from x and x+1, and put them at k and k+1. 

But note: the two empty cells are now at x and x+1, and the two stones (from x and x+1) are now at k and k+1.

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are k and k+1. Then, after the operation, the two empty cells become x and x+1. 

So the operation is: 
   state: ... (with two consecutive empty cells at k and k+1) and two consecutive stones at x and x+1.
   After operation: set k to the color at x, k+1 to the color at x+1, and set x and x+1 to '.'.

But note: the two empty cells k and k+1 become filled, and the two positions x and x+1 become empty.

But wait, what if the two empty cells (k and k+1) and the two stones (x and x+1) overlap? 

Actually, they cannot, because the stones and empty cells are distinct. 

But also, the operation requires that both x and x+1 are stones and k and k+1 are empty. 

So we can generate the next state by:

   new_state = list(state)  (as a list of characters)
   swap the colors at x and k, and at x+1 and k+1? 

Wait, no: we are moving the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. So:

   new_state[k] = state[x]
   new_state[k+1] = state[x+1]
   new_state[x] = '.'
   new_state[x+1] = '.'

But then, the two empty cells (x and x+1) are now empty, and the two stones are placed at k and k+1.

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are k and k+1, so in the current state, k and k+1 must be '.' and x and x+1 must not be '.'.

After the operation, the two empty cells become x and x+1.

But note: the operation is reversible. 

But we need to consider: from a state, we can generate multiple next states (each valid operation).

But the state space is about 50,000 states maximum (15 * 3432). 

We can use BFS (since each operation has cost 1) to find the minimum number of operations.

We need to avoid revisiting states. We can use a visited dictionary (or set) with the state (the entire row string) as the key.

But the entire row string is of length 16. We can use a set of strings.

Steps for BFS:

1. Start from the initial state (string of length 16: S + "..", but wait, the initial state has the first N cells as S, then two empty. But the row has N+2=16 cells. So the initial state string is: S (N characters) + "..", but wait, if N=14, then S is 14 characters, and we add two, so 16. 

But wait, the initial state: cells 1 to N are S, and cells N+1 and N+2 are empty. So the string is: 
   state0 = S + ".."

But wait, the row is from cell 1 to cell N+2. So the string should be: 
   state0 = (N characters from S) + ".."

But if N=14, then state0 is 16 characters.

2. Then, from the initial state, we generate all possible next states by performing every valid operation (every adjacent pair of stones and every consecutive empty cells).

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells (k, k+1) are consecutive. In the current state, the two empty cells are consecutive (by the problem condition). 

But the operation is: choose an integer x (from 1 to N+1) such that cells x and x+1 are not empty. Then, the two empty cells (k, k+1) are given. Then, we move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1.

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are consecutive. But in the state, we have exactly two consecutive empty cells. 

But the operation doesn't require that the two stones (x and x+1) are consecutive to the empty cells. 

So the algorithm for BFS:

   Let q be a queue, and let dist[state] = number of operations to reach state.
   Start state: S + ".." (as a string of length 16)

   While q not empty:
        pop state s
        if s is the target (T + "..") then return dist[s]

        Then, find the two consecutive empty cells (k, k+1) in s. There is exactly one pair of consecutive empty cells (because two consecutive '.' and the rest are not).

        Then, find all pairs (x, x+1) (x from 1 to 15, because the row has 16 cells) such that s[x] and s[x+1] are not '.'.

        For each such pair (x, x+1):
            Let new_state be s, but:
                new_state[k] = s[x]
                new_state[k+1] = s[x+1]
                new_state[x] = '.'
                new_state[x+1] = '.'

            But wait, the operation moves the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. Then, the two empty cells become x and x+1. 

            But note: the two empty cells (k and k+1) are now filled, and the two stones (x and x+1) are now empty. 

            Then, we check if we have visited new_state. If not, push it to the queue with dist[new_state] = dist[s] + 1.

   If we cannot reach the target, return -1.

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are consecutive. In the new_state, the two empty cells are at x and x+1, which are consecutive, so that's okay.

But note: the operation is reversible. 

But we must be cautious: the state representation: we are representing the entire row as a string of 16 characters. 

But the state space is about 50,000 states, so BFS is feasible.

But wait, the initial state has the empty cells at the end (N+1 and N+2). But the target state is the same (empty cells at the end). 

But during the process, the empty cells can be in any consecutive two cells.

But the BFS will explore all states that are reachable.

Let me test with the sample input 1:

N=6, S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB"

Initial state: "BWBWBW.." (length 8? Wait, no: N+2=8, so the string is 8 characters: "BWBWBW.." 

But wait, the problem says: There are N+2 cells. So for N=6, we have 8 cells.

But the sample input says:

6
BWBWBW
WWWBBB

So the initial state is "BWBWBW.." and target is "WWWBBB.."

But wait, the target state is defined as the first N cells (6) being T, and the last two being empty. 

But the operation: we can move two adjacent stones to the two empty cells (initially the last two). 

But the sample says:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW
- BWWBB..W
- ..WBBBWW
- WWWBBB..

Wait, the steps:

Step 1: 
   Initial: "BWBWBW.." (cells 1-6: BWBWBW, 7-8: empty)
   Operation: choose x=3 (cells 3 and 4: W and B) and move to the empty cells (7 and 8). 
   Then, the state becomes: 
        Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: empty, Cell4: empty, Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: W, Cell8: B.
   So the string is "BW..BWWB" (but wait, the two stones from x=3 and 4 (which are W and B) go to 7 and 8, so cell3 and cell4 become empty. Then, the two empty cells are now at 3 and 4. 

But wait, the operation moves the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. In the initial state, the two empty cells are at 7 and 8 (k=7, k+1=8). Then, we move the stones from x=3 and 4 (W and B) to k=7 and 8. Then, the state becomes:
   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: (was W, but moved to 7, so becomes empty) -> no, wait: we set cell3 to '.' and cell4 to '.', and then set cell7 to the color of cell3 (which is W) and cell8 to the color of cell4 (which is B). 

Actually, the operation: 
   We remove the stones from x and x+1 (so set them to '.') and put the stones from x and x+1 (their colors) to k and k+1.

But wait, the operation is: move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. So we take the stones from x and x+1 and put them at k and k+1, and then the positions x and x+1 become empty.

So the new state: 
   cell3 becomes '.' and cell4 becomes '.', and cell7 becomes the color that was at cell3 (W) and cell8 becomes the color that was at cell4 (B). 

But the initial state: 
   cell1: 'B', cell2: 'W', cell3: 'W', cell4: 'B', cell5: 'W', cell6: 'B', cell7: '.', cell8: '.'

After operation:
   cell1: 'B', cell2: 'W', cell3: '.', cell4: '.', cell5: 'W', cell6: 'B', cell7: 'W', cell8: 'B'

So the string is "BW..WBWB" (if we write without spaces). 

But the sample step 1 is given as: BW..BWBW

Wait, that doesn't match. 

Wait, the sample step 1: "BW..BWBW"

That is: 
   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: empty, Cell4: empty, Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

But according to my calculation, after the first operation, cell5 should be W (because we moved the stone from cell5? No, we moved the stones from cell3 and 4. 

Wait, no: the operation moves two adjacent stones (from x and x+1). The sample operation: 
   They moved the stones from cell3 and 4 (which are W and B) to the empty cells (7 and 8). 

But in the sample, they show:
   Initial: "BWBWBW.."
   After first operation: "BW..BWBW"

Wait, in the sample, they show cell5 as B and cell6 as W. 

Wait, no, the sample operation is: 
   Operation: choose an integer x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1. 

In the initial state, the empty cells are at 7 and 8. 

The sample operation: 
   They moved the stones from cell4 and 5? 

But cell4 is 'B' and cell5 is 'W'. Then, moving them to 7 and 8: 
   Then, cell4 and 5 become empty, and cell7 becomes B, cell8 becomes W.

Then, the state is: 
   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: W, Cell4: '.', Cell5: '.', Cell6: B, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

But that is "BWW..B BW" (without spaces: "BWW..BBW") which is not matching.

Wait, the sample operation steps are:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW

They show: after the first operation, the state is "BW..BWBW". 

Wait, that means:
   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: empty, Cell4: empty, Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

This operation must have moved the stones from cell5 and 6 (B and W) to the empty cells (7 and 8). 

But wait, the initial state has empty cells at 7 and 8. Then, moving the stones from cell5 and 6 (B and W) to 7 and 8: 
   Then, cell5 and 6 become empty, and cell7 and 8 become B and W. 

But then the state is: 
   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: W, Cell4: B, Cell5: empty, Cell6: empty, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

But that is "BWB..B W" -> "BWB..B W" (without spaces: "BWB..B W" is "BWB...B W" is not matching).

Wait, the sample representation might be using dots for empty cells and the rest for stones. 

Let me re-read the sample:

Sample Input 1

6
BWBWBW
WWWBBB

Sample Output 1

4

Using . to represent an empty cell, the desired state can be achieved in four operations as follows, which is the minimum:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW
- BWWBB..W
- ..WBBBWW
- WWWBBB..

So the first state: "BWBWBW.." (which is 8 characters: positions 1-8)
Second state: "BW..BWBW" (8 characters)

So the second state: 
   Position1: B
   Position2: W
   Position3: .
   Position4: .
   Position5: B
   Position6: W
   Position7: B
   Position8: W

This state was achieved by moving the two stones from positions 5 and 6 (B and W) to the two empty cells (positions 7 and 8). 

But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are consecutive. In the initial state, the empty cells are at 7 and 8 (consecutive). 

Then, we move the two stones from 5 and 6 (which are consecutive) to 7 and 8. Then, the empty cells become 5 and 6 (which are consecutive). 

But then, the state becomes:

   Position1: B
   Position2: W
   Position3: W (remains)
   Position4: B (remains)
   Position5: empty
   Position6: empty
   Position7: B (from position5)
   Position8: W (from position6)

But that is "BWB..B W" (without spaces: "BWB..B W" is "BWB..BW" but wait, the positions 7 and 8 are B and W, and positions 5 and 6 are empty. 

But the sample second state is "BW..BWBW", which has empty cells at 3 and 4, and stones at 5 and 6 (B and W) and at 7 and 8 (B and W). 

Wait, no: the sample second state is "BW..BWBW", which has empty cells at 3 and 4, and then at positions 5,6,7,8: B, W, B, W.

This is inconsistent. 

Wait, maybe the operation is defined differently? 

Let me re-read the operation:

"Choose a pair of adjacent cells that both contain stones, and move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order."

And then: "choose an integer x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. Move the stones from cells x and x+1 to cells k and k+1, respectively."

In the sample, the initial state is:

   Cells 1: B, 2: W, 3: W, 4: B, 5: W, 6: B, 7: ., 8: .

They say: 
   Operation: move two stones to the empty cells (7 and 8). But which two stones? 

In the sample, the second state has empty cells at 3 and 4, and then stones at 5,6,7,8. 

But wait, the operation moves two stones to the empty cells (7 and 8). Then, the two empty cells become the previous positions of the two stones. 

But the sample says the second state is "BW..BWBW". 

Let me try to reverse the operation:

From "BW..BWBW" (empty cells at 3 and 4), we can perform an operation: choose two adjacent stones (for example, at 5 and 6: B and W) and move them to the empty cells (3 and 4). 

Then, the state becomes:

   Set cell3 to B, cell4 to W, and cell5 and 6 to '.'.

Then, the state is:

   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: B, Cell4: W, Cell5: empty, Cell6: empty, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

But that is "BWBW..BW", which is not the initial state.

Alternatively, from "BW..BWBW", we can also choose two stones at 7 and 8 (B and W) and move them to the empty cells (3 and 4). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell3: B, Cell4: W, Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: empty, Cell8: empty.

Then, the state is "BWBW B W .." -> "BWBW BW .." which is "BWBW BW.." (without spaces: "BWBWBW..") which is the initial state.

So the operation is reversible.

But how did they get from the initial state "BWBWBW.." to "BW..BWBW" in one operation?

Wait, the initial state: 
   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:W,4:B,5:W,6:B,7:.,8:.

They moved two stones to the empty cells (7 and 8). 

Which two stones? 

In the initial state, the two stones they moved must be from two consecutive cells. 

They could have moved cells 3 and 4 (W and B) to 7 and 8. Then, the state becomes:

   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:.,4:.,5:W,6:B,7:W,8:B.

But that is "BW..WBWB", which is not "BW..BWBW".

Alternatively, they moved cells 5 and 6 (W and B) to 7 and 8. Then, the state becomes:

   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:W,4:B,5:.,6:.,7:W,8:B.

Which is "BWWB..WB".

But the sample second state is "BW..BWBW", which is "B" at 1, "W" at 2, empty at 3 and 4, "B" at 5, "W" at 6, "B" at 7, "W" at 8.

This state has empty cells at 3 and 4, and then stones at 5,6,7,8: B, W, B, W.

This means that the two stones moved must be the ones from cells 7 and 8 (but they were empty) — no, that doesn't make sense.

Wait, maybe the operation is defined as: the two stones are moved to the empty cells, and then the two empty cells become the positions from which the stones were taken? 

But the problem says: "move these two stones to the empty two cells", so the empty cells become occupied, and the two stones' original cells become empty.

But in the sample, to get "BW..BWBW", we must have moved two stones from two cells to 7 and 8. 

But the two stones that were moved must have been from two consecutive cells. 

In the initial state, the consecutive pairs are:

   (1,2): B W
   (2,3): W W
   (3,4): W B
   (4,5): B W
   (5,6): W B
   (6,7): B . -> not allowed because cell7 is empty
   (7,8): . . -> not allowed because empty

So the valid pairs are (1,2), (2,3), (3,4), (4,5), (5,6).

If we move the pair (2,3): W and W from cells 2 and 3 to 7 and 8, then the state becomes:

   Cells: 1:B,2:.,3:.,4:B,5:W,6:B,7:W,8:W.

Which is "B..BWBWW", not matching.

If we move (3,4): W and B from cells 3 and 4 to 7 and 8, then:

   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:.,4:.,5:W,6:B,7:W,8:B -> "BW..WBWB"

If we move (4,5): B and W from cells 4 and 5 to 7 and 8, then:

   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:W,4:.,5:.,6:B,7:B,8:W -> "BWW..B BW" -> "BWW..BBW"

If we move (5,6): W and B from cells 5 and 6 to 7 and 8, then:

   Cells: 1:B,2:W,3:W,4:B,5:.,6:.,7:W,8:B -> "BWWB..WB"

None of these is "BW..BWBW".

Wait, maybe the operation is not moving the stones to the two empty cells, but swapping the two empty cells with the two stones, but in a different way.

But the problem says: "move these two stones to the empty two cells, respectively". 

Wait, the operation is: choose x (1<=x<=N+1) such that both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. Move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, respectively.

Then, the two empty cells become x and x+1.

So the operation is defined by two parameters: x and k. 

In the initial state, k must be 7 (since the empty cells are at 7 and 8). 

So the operation is: choose x (from 1 to 6) such that cells x and x+1 are not empty. Then, we move the stones from x and x+1 to 7 and 8.

But then, the two empty cells become x and x+1.

So the new state: 
   cell x and x+1 become '.', and cell7 and 8 become the colors of cell x and x+1.

But then, the two empty cells are at x and x+1 (consecutive).

Now, the sample's second state is "BW..BWBW", which has empty cells at 3 and 4. 

This means that the operation must have been: the two stones were taken from cells 3 and 4 (which were W and B) and moved to 7 and 8. Then, the empty cells become 3 and 4.

But then, the state after the first operation should be:

   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: '.', Cell4: '.', Cell5: W, Cell6: B, Cell7: W, Cell8: B.

Which is "BW..WBWB", not "BW..BWBW".

But the sample's second state is "BW..BWBW", which has Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

This suggests that the operation moved two different stones.

Wait, maybe the operation is: you choose the two empty cells (k and k+1) and then choose two stones (x and x+1) to move to k and k+1. But the operation doesn't specify that the two empty cells are fixed; it just says "let k and k+1 be the empty two cells". 

But in the initial state, the empty cells are only at 7 and 8. 

Unless the operation can be applied in a way that the two empty cells are not necessarily the ones we are moving to? 

Wait, the operation is: 
   - Choose x (1<=x<=N+1) such that both cells x and x+1 contain stones.
   - Let k and k+1 be the empty two cells (which are consecutive).

Then, move the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1.

In the initial state, there is only one pair of consecutive empty cells: (7,8). 

So the operation must move two stones (from some x) to (7,8). 

But then, the sample's second state has empty cells at (3,4), which means that the operation must have moved the stones from (3,4) to (7,8). 

But then, the state after the operation is "BW..WBWB", not "BW..BWBW".

Unless the sample's representation is different. 

Looking at the sample's steps:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW
- BWWBB..W
- ..WBBBWW
- WWWBBB..

Let me try to interpret each step:

Step0: "BWBWBW.." (initial)
Step1: "BW..BWBW" -> This means: 
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: W
   Cell3: empty
   Cell4: empty
   Cell5: B
   Cell6: W
   Cell7: B
   Cell8: W

How can we get from step0 to step1?

We must have moved two stones to the empty cells (7 and 8). The two stones moved must be from two consecutive cells. 

In step0, the consecutive pairs of stones are (1,2), (2,3), (3,4), (4,5), (5,6).

If we move (2,3): W and W from cells 2 and 3 to 7 and 8, then step1 would be:
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: empty
   Cell3: empty
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: W

Which is "B..BWBWW" -> not matching.

If we move (3,4): W and B from cells 3 and 4 to 7 and 8, then:
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: W
   Cell3: empty
   Cell4: empty
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: B

Which is "BW..WBWB" -> not matching.

If we move (4,5): B and W from cells 4 and 5 to 7 and 8, then:
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: W
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: empty
   Cell5: empty
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: B
   Cell8: W

Which is "BWW..B BW" -> "BWW..BBW"

If we move (5,6): W and B from cells 5 and 6 to 7 and 8, then:
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: W
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: empty
   Cell6: empty
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: B

Which is "BWWB..WB"

None of these is "BW..BWBW".

But wait, the sample's step1 is "BW..BWBW". 

This state has empty cells at 3 and 4, and then the rest are: cell1:B, cell2:W, cell5:B, cell6:W, cell7:B, cell8:W.

This means that the two stones moved must be from two consecutive cells that are not adjacent to the empty cells? 

But the operation requires that the two empty cells are consecutive (7 and 8). 

Wait, unless the operation can be applied in a different way: maybe the two empty cells are not fixed at 7 and 8, but can be any consecutive empty cells? 

But initially, there is only one pair of consecutive empty cells: 7 and 8.

But after an operation, the empty cells move. 

But the sample's step1 has empty cells at 3 and 4, and stones at 5,6,7,8. 

This suggests that the operation did not use the empty cells at 7 and 8, but used the empty cells that were created by a previous operation? But there is no previous operation.

I think there might be a misunderstanding in the problem statement.

Let me read the problem statement again:

"Choose a pair of adjacent cells that both contain stones, and move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order."

And then the formal definition:

"choose an integer x such that 1 ≤ x ≤ N+1 and both cells x and x+1 contain stones. Let k and k+1 be the empty two cells. Move the stones from cells x and x+1 to cells k and k+1, respectively."

This means that the two empty cells are fixed by the current state. In the initial state, the empty cells are only at 7 and 8, so the operation must move two stones to 7 and 8.

But then, the sample's first operation cannot yield "BW..BWBW".

Unless the sample's representation is different. 

Looking at the sample steps:

Step0: "BWBWBW.." (cells 1-6: BWBWBW, 7-8: empty)
Step1: "BW..BWBW" (cells 1:B,2:W,3:.,4:.,5:B,6:W,7:B,8:W)

This means that the empty cells are now at 3 and 4, and the stones are at 1,2,5,6,7,8.

How can we get from step0 to step1 in one operation?

We must have moved two stones to the empty cells (3 and 4). But initially, cells 3 and 4 are not empty! 

This is confusing.

Wait, perhaps the operation is not moving the stones to the empty cells, but the empty cells are moving. 

The operation is defined as: move the two stones from x and x+1 to the empty cells (k and k+1). But then, the empty cells become x and x+1.

In the initial state, the empty cells are at 7 and 8. 

To move two stones to the empty cells (7 and 8), we choose x (a pair of adjacent stones) and then the empty cells become x and x+1.

But the sample's step1 has empty cells at 3 and 4. 

This means that the operation must have been applied with x=3 and 4, so the empty cells become 3 and 4.

But then, the two stones moved are from cells 3 and 4 (W and B) to 7 and 8.

So the state after the operation is:

   Cells 1-2: unchanged (B W)
   Cells 3-4: empty
   Cells 5-6: unchanged (W B)
   Cells 7-8: W B (from cells 3-4)

But then, the state is "B W . . W B W B", which is "BWB..WBW" -> "BWB..WBW" (length 8).

But the sample's step1 is "BW..BWBW", which is "B W . . B W B W".

This is different.

Unless the operation moves the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1, but the stones are placed in the empty cells in reverse order? 

The problem says: "move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order." 

And then: "Move the stones from cells x and x+1 to cells k and k+1, respectively."

This means that the stone from x goes to k, and the stone from x+1 goes to k+1.

So the order is preserved.

But in the initial state, if we move the stones from x=3 and 4 (W and B) to k=7 and k+1=8, then cell7 gets W and cell8 gets B.

So the state becomes "B W . . W B W B".

But the sample's step1 is "B W . . B W B W".

This is different.

Alternatively, if we move the stones from x=5 and 6 (W and B) to k=7 and 8, then cell7 gets W and cell8 gets B, and the state becomes "B W W B . . W B".

But that is "BWWB..WB".

None of these is "BW..BWBW".

Let me try to see the sample's next steps:

Step1: "BW..BWBW"
Step2: "BWWBB..W"
Step3: "..WBBBWW"
Step4: "WWWBBB.."

From step1: "BW..BWBW" (empty cells at 3 and 4)
Step2: "BWWBB..W" -> empty cells at 6 and 7? Because the string is "BWWBB..W", so cell6 and 7 are empty? 

Wait, the string is 8 characters: "BWWBB..W"

This means:
   Cell1: B
   Cell2: W
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: B
   Cell6: .
   Cell7: .
   Cell8: W

But the operation requires two consecutive empty cells. Here, cells 6 and 7 are empty, so that's valid.

How to get from step1 to step2:

Step1: "BW..BWBW" (empty cells at 3 and 4)
We can move two adjacent stones to the empty cells (3 and 4). 

The consecutive pairs in step1 are:

   (1,2): B W
   (2,3): W . -> not allowed (one empty)
   (3,4): . . -> not allowed
   (4,5): . B -> not allowed
   (5,6): B W
   (6,7): W . -> not allowed
   (7,8): . W -> not allowed

So the valid pairs are (1,2) and (5,6).

If we move (1,2): B and W to (3,4), then the state becomes:

   Cell1: empty, Cell2: empty, Cell3: B, Cell4: W, Cell5: B, Cell6: W, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

Which is "..BWBWBW", not matching.

If we move (5,6): B and W to (3,4), then:

   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: B, Cell4: W, Cell5: empty, Cell6: empty, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

Which is "BWW..B W" -> "BWW..BW" (length 8: "BWW..B W" is "BWW..BW" -> but we need to fill cell7 and 8: actually, the state is "BWW..B W" -> but wait, we moved cells 5 and 6 (B and W) to 3 and 4, so cell5 and 6 become empty. Then, the state is:

   Cell1: B, Cell2: W, Cell3: B, Cell4: W, Cell5: empty, Cell6: empty, Cell7: B, Cell8: W.

Which is "BWW..B W" -> "BWW..BW" (with cell7 and 8 being B and W). 

But the sample's step2 is "BWWBB..W", which is "B W W B B . . W".

This is different.

I am confused. 

But the sample says the minimum number of operations is 4.

Maybe the operations are not what I thought.

After reading the sample explanation again:

- BWBWBW..
- BW..BWBW
- BWWBB..W
- ..WBBBWW
- WWWBBB..

Let me try to see the pattern:

Step0: "BWBWBW.."
Step1: "BW..BWBW"
Step2: "BWWBB..W"
Step3: "..WBBBWW"
Step4: "WWWBBB.."

From step0 to step1: 
   We moved the stones from positions 5 and 6 (W and B) to the empty cells (7 and 8). Then, the empty cells become 5 and 6. 

But wait, the operation is defined as: move the stones from x and x+1 to the empty cells (k and k+1). 

In step0, the empty cells are 7 and 8. 

If we move the stones from x=5 and 6 (W and B) to 7 and 8, then the state becomes:

   Cell1-4: unchanged (BWBW)
   Cell5: empty, Cell6: empty
   Cell7: W, Cell8: B

So the string is "BWBW..WB", which is not "BW..BWBW".

But the sample's step1 is "BW..BWBW", which has empty cells at 3 and 4.

Alternatively, the operation is not moving the stones to the empty cells, but the empty cells are moving with the stones.

I think there might be a misinterpretation of the operation.

Let me read the operation again: 

"Choose a pair of adjacent cells that both contain stones, and move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order."

This means that the two stones are moved to the empty cells, and the empty cells become the positions of the two stones' original positions.

But then, the operation is: 
   - Remove the two stones from x and x+1.
   - Place the stones from x and x+1 into the two empty cells (k and k+1).
   - The two empty cells (x and x+1) are now empty.

But then, the empty cells are now at x and x+1.

In the initial state, the empty cells are at 7 and 8. 

To get empty cells at 3 and 4 in one operation, we must have moved two stones from 3 and 4 to 7 and 8. 

But then, the state becomes: 
   Cells 1-2: B W
   Cells 3-4: empty
   Cells 5-6: W B
   Cells 7-8: W B (from cells 3-4)

So the state is "B W . . W B W B".

But the sample's step1 is "B W . . B W B W".

This is different.

Unless the operation allows moving the two stones to the empty cells and then the empty cells become the positions of the two stones, but the two empty cells can be any two consecutive empty cells in the state. But initially, there is only one pair of consecutive empty cells.

I think there might be a mistake in the problem statement or sample explanation.

But the sample says the answer is 4.

Maybe the operations are:

Operation 1: move the two stones from cells 2 and 3 (W and W) to the empty cells (7 and 8). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell1: B
   Cell2: empty
   Cell3: empty
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: W

This is "B..BWBWW".

Operation 2: move the two stones from cells 4 and 5 (B and W) to the empty cells (2 and 3). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell1: B
   Cell2: B
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: empty
   Cell5: empty
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: W

This is "BB..BWWB".

Operation 3: move the two stones from cells 6 and 7 (B and W) to the empty cells (4 and 5). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell1: B
   Cell2: B
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: empty
   Cell7: empty
   Cell8: W

This is "BBW BW .. W" -> "BBWBW..W".

Operation 4: move the two stones from cells 1 and 2 (B and B) to the empty cells (6 and 7). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell1: empty
   Cell2: empty
   Cell3: W
   Cell4: B
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: B
   Cell8: W

This is "..W BW B W" -> not the target.

Alternatively, operation 4: move the two stones from cells 3 and 4 (W and B) to the empty cells (6 and 7). Then, the state becomes:

   Cell1: B
   Cell2: B
   Cell3: empty
   Cell4: empty
   Cell5: W
   Cell6: B
   Cell7: W
   Cell8: B

This is "BB..W BWB" -> not the target.

I think I need to give up and implement the BFS as described and hope that the sample input works.

Given the complexity, I'll implement the BFS with the following:

1. Check if the counts of 'W' in S and T are the same. If not, output -1.

2. The initial state is S + ".." (a string of length N+2).

3. The target state is T + ".." (a string of length N+2).

4. Use a queue for BFS. Each state is a string of length N+2.

5. For each state, find the two consecutive empty cells (there is exactly one pair of consecutive '.' because there are exactly two '.' and they are consecutive).

6. Find all pairs (x, x+1) (0-indexed) such that the characters at x and x+1 are not '.'.

7. For each such pair, create a new state:
   - Take the two characters at x and x+1.
   - Set the characters at x and x+1 to '.'.
   - Set the characters at the empty cells (k and k+1) to the characters from x and x+1, respectively.

   But wait, the empty cells are at positions k and k+1 (which are consecutive). 

   But note: the state is represented as a string of length N+2. The empty cells are at two consecutive positions. 

   In the state, the empty cells are at (k, k+1) (0-indexed). 

   Then, the new state is:
        new_state = list(state)
        new_state[x] = '.'
        new_state[x+1] = '.'
        new_state[k] = state[x]
        new_state[k+1] = state[x+1]
        new_state = ''.join(new_state)

   But then, the empty cells are now at x and x+1, and the stones are at k and k+1.

   But note: the operation is defined as moving the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. 

   However, in the new_state, the empty cells are at x and x+1 (because we set them to '.') and the stones are at k and k+1.

   But the operation requires that the two empty cells are k and k+1 before the operation. 

   But in the current state, the empty cells are at k and k+1. After the operation, the empty cells are at x and x+1.

   So the new state is as above.

8. If the new state is the target, return the number of operations.

9. If not, and not visited, add to the queue.

But wait, the operation moves the stones from x and x+1 to k and k+1. So the empty cells k and k+1 become filled, and the positions x and x+1 become empty.

But in the new_state, we are setting x and x+1 to '.' and k and k+1 to the colors from x and x+1.

But this is the correct operation.

But the sample's first operation: 

   Initial state: "BWBWBW.." (N=6, so length 8)
   empty cells at 6 and 7 (0-indexed: positions 6 and 7).

   We need to choose a pair (x, x+1) that are not '.'.

   The valid pairs are (0,1), (1,2), (2,3), (3,4), (4,5).

   Let's take x=4,5: "W" and "B" (0-indexed: positions 4 and 5).

   Then, new_state[4] = '.', new_state[5] = '.', and new_state[6] = 'W', new_state[7] = 'B'.

   But wait, the empty cells are at 6 and 7 (k=6, k+1=7). 

   Then, new_state = 
        positions 0: 'B'
        positions 1: 'W'
        positions 2: 'W'
        positions 3: 'B'
        positions 4: '.'
        positions 5: '.'
        positions 6: 'W'
        positions 7: 'B'

   So the string is "BWWB..WB", which is not the sample's step1.

   But the sample's step1 is "BW..BWBW".

   This suggests that the sample's step1 might have been obtained by a different operation.

   Let me try x=1,2: "W" and "W" (positions 1 and 2).

   Then, new_state[1] = '.', new_state[2] = '.', new_state[6] = 'W', new_state[7] = 'W'.

   The string becomes: "B..BWBWW".

   Not matching.

   Let me try x=2,3: "W" and "B" (positions 2 and 3).

   Then, new_state[2] = '.', new_state[3] = '.', new_state[6] = 'W', new_state[7] = 'B'.

   The string becomes: "BW.B..WB".

   Not matching.

   Let me try x=3,4: "B" and "W" (positions 3 and 4).

   Then, new_state[3] = '.', new_state[4] = '.', new_state[6] = 'B', new_state[7] = 'W'.

   The string becomes: "BWB..B W" -> "BWB..B W" (length 8: "BWB..B W" is "BWB..BW").

   Not matching.

   Let me try x=0,1: "B" and "W" (positions 0 and 1).

   Then, new_state[0] = '.', new_state[1] = '.', new_state[6] = 'B', new_state[7] = 'W'.

   The string becomes: "..WBWBW.".

   Not matching.

   None of these is "BW..BWBW".

   But "BW..BWBW" is:

   'B','W','.','.','B','W','B','W'

   This has empty cells at 2 and 3 (0-indexed), and then stones at 0,1,4,5,6,7.

   To get this state, we must have moved two stones from positions 4 and 5 (B and W) to the empty cells (2 and 3). 

   But initially, the empty cells are at 6 and 7. 

   So the operation would be: move the stones from 4 and 5 to 6 and 7? 

   Then, the state becomes:

   new_state[4] = '.', new_state[5] = '.', new_state[6] = 'B', new_state[7] = 'W'.

   Which is "BWB..B W", not "BW..BWBW".

   Alternatively, move the stones from 4 and 5 to the empty cells (6 and 7) and then the empty cells become 4 and 5. 

   But then, the state is "BWB..B W", which is not "BW..BWBW".

   I am out of ideas.

   Given the time, I'll implement the BFS as described and hope that the sample input is handled correctly.

   If the sample input is not handled, then there might be a different interpretation.

   But the problem's sample input and output are given, so the BFS should find the minimal number of operations.

   I'll implement and test with the provided examples.

   Example 1: N=6, S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB" -> output 4.

   Example 2: N=6, S="BBBBBB", T="WWWWWW" -> output -1.

   Example 3: N=14, S="BBBWBWWWBBWWBW", T="WBWWBBWWWBWBBB" -> output 7.

   If the BFS doesn't find the answer for example1, then I must have misunderstood the operation.

   But according to the problem statement, the operation is as I implemented.

   Let me try to run BFS on example1.

   Initial state: "BWBWBW.."

   Target state: "WWWBBB.."

   We need to find the minimal number of operations.

   But the state space is 15 * (number of distinct arrangements of the multiset of 6 W and 3 B in the 6 non-empty cells) -> wait, no: the state has 8 cells (N+2=8), two empty. The non-empty cells are 6, with multiset from S: "BWBWBW" has 3 W and 3 B.

   So the number of distinct arrangements for the non-empty cells is C(6,3) = 20.

   Then, the state space is 15 * 20 = 300 states.

   This is small.

   I can try to BFS manually for the first few steps.

   But given the complexity, I'll write the code and test.

   If it doesn't work for the sample, then I'll debug.

   Let's implement.

   Steps:

   - Read N, S, T.
   - If the counts of 'W' in S and T don't match, print -1 and exit.
   - Let n = N+2.
   - Initial state = S + '.' * 2
   - Target state = T + '.' * 2

   - Use a queue: (state, steps)
   - Use a visited set for states.

   - While queue not empty:
        pop state.
        if state == target: return steps.
        Find the two consecutive empty cells (k, k+1) in the state. Since there are exactly two consecutive '.', we can search for '..' in the state.

        But note: the state might have two consecutive '.' anywhere.

        Actually, we can find the index of the first '.' and then check if the next is also '.'.

        But there is exactly one pair of consecutive '.'.

        Then, find all x from 0 to n-2 (0-indexed) such that state[x] != '.' and state[x+1] != '.'.

        For each such x:
            new_state = list(state)
            # remove the stones from x and x+1
            new_state[x] = '.'
            new_state[x+1] = '.'
            # put the stones to the empty cells (k and k+1)
            new_state[k] = state[x]
            new_state[k+1] = state[x+1]
            new_state = ''.join(new_state)

            If new_state not in visited:
                visited.add(new_state)
                queue.append((new_state, steps+1))

   - If not found, return -1.

   Let me test with the provided examples.

   Example2: S="BBBBBB", T="WWWWWW" -> counts don't match (6 B and 6 W -> different), so output -1. Correct.

   Example1: S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB"

   But wait, the initial state is "BWBWBW..", and the target is "WWWBBB..".

   Let me hope that the BFS finds a path.

   But the sample's provided steps are 4 operations.

   I'll run the BFS and see if it finds the target in 4 operations.

   Given the state space is only 300 states, it should.

   But the sample's first operation is not matching our operation's result.

   But maybe there is a path with 4 operations that we haven't considered.

   Let me run the BFS mentally for the first step:

   Initial state: "BWBWBW.."

   empty cells at positions 6 and 7 (0-indexed).

   Valid moves: all consecutive pairs of non-empty cells.

   The consecutive pairs are:

   (0,1): 'B','W' -> move to (6,7): new_state = "..WBWB.." -> not matching the sample's step1.

   (1,2): 'W','W' -> move to (6,7): new_state = "B..BWB.." -> not matching.

   (2,3): 'W','B' -> move to (6,7): new_state = "BW.B..WB" -> not matching.

   (3,4): 'B','W' -> move to (6,7): new_state = "BWB..B.W" -> not matching.

   (4,5): 'W','B' -> move to (6,7): new_state = "BWBW..B." -> not matching.

   None of these is "BW..BWBW".

   But "BW..BWBW" is state "B W . . B W B W".

   This state has empty cells at 2 and 3.

   To reach this state, we must have moved two stones from 4 and 5 (B and W) to the empty cells (2 and 3). 

   But initially, the empty cells are at 6 and 7. 

   So the operation would be: move the stones from 4 and 5 to 2 and 3.

   Then, the state becomes:

        new_state[4] = '.', new_state[5] = '.'
        new_state[2] = 'B', new_state[3] = 'W'

   But wait, the operation requires that the two empty cells are consecutive. In the initial state, the empty cells are at 6 and 7, which are consecutive. 

   The operation is defined as: move the stones from x and x+1 to the empty cells (k and k+1). 

   But in the initial state, the empty cells are at 6 and 7, so k=6, k+1=7.

   We cannot move to empty cells at 2 and 3 because they are not empty.

   So the operation can only move to the existing empty cells.

   Therefore, "BW..BWBW" is not reachable in one operation from the initial state.

   But the sample says the first operation yields "BW..BWBW".

   There is a discrepancy.

   After re-reading the problem statement: 

   "Choose a pair of adjacent cells that both contain stones, and move these two stones to the empty two cells while preserving their order."

   This implies that the two empty cells are the only empty cells, and they are consecutive.

   But the sample's first operation moves the stones to the empty cells (7 and 8) and also changes the empty cells to a different pair (3 and 4). 

   This is not possible with the operation defined.

   I think there might be a mistake in the sample explanation.

   Let me try to find a sequence of 4 operations that transforms "BWBWBW.." to "WWWBBB..".

   Operation 1: move the two stones from cells 5 and 6 (W and B) to the empty cells (7 and 8). 
        State: "BWBW..WB"

   Operation 2: move the two stones from cells 3 and 4 (W and B) to the empty cells (5 and 6).
        State: "B.WB..WB" -> wait, no: 
        After operation1, the empty cells are at 5 and 6.
        Then, move stones from 3 and 4 (W and B) to 5 and 6: 
            new_state[3] = '.', new_state[4] = '.'
            new_state[5] = 'W', new_state[6] = 'B'
        State: "B..B..WB" -> not matching.

   Operation 2: move the two stones from cells 0 and 1 (B and W) to the empty cells (5 and 6).
        State: "..WB..WB"

   Operation 3: move the two stones from cells 2 and 3 (W and B) to the empty cells (0 and 1).
        State: "WB..WB.."

   Operation 4: move the two stones from cells 4 and 5 (B and W) to the empty cells (0 and 1) -> but wait, the empty cells are at 0 and 1, so we move from 4 and 5 to 0 and 1:
        State: "B W . . W B . ." -> not the target.

   I need to find a sequence.

   Given the time, I'll implement the BFS and hope that it finds the answer.

   If it does, then the sample explanation might have a typo.

   Let me implement the BFS.

   Note: The state is a string of length n = N+2.

   We need to find the two consecutive empty cells. In the state, there are exactly two '.' and they are consecutive.

   Steps for finding the empty cells:

        index = state.find('.')
        if index == -1: then no empty cells -> but we have two, so this won't happen.
        then check if state[index+1] is '.' -> then the empty cells are at index and index+1.

   But there is exactly one pair of consecutive '.'.

   Then, the valid x are from 0 to n-2, such that state[x] != '.' and state[x+1] != '.'.

   Then, the operation: 
        new_state = list(state)
        new_state[x] = '.'
        new_state[x+1] = '.'
        new_state[index] = state[x]
        new_state[index+1] = state[x+1]
        new_state = ''.join(new_state)

   Then, add to the queue.

   Let's run with N=6, S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB".

   We'll see if it finds the target.

   The target is "WWWBBB..".

   The initial state is "BWBWBW..".

   We'll use BFS.

   Let me hope that the BFS finds the target in 4 operations.

   If not, then there is an error.

   Given the state space is only 300 states, it should find it.

   I'll implement and test.

   Note: The state space might have cycles, so we use a visited set.

   Let's code accordingly.

   If the sample input 1 doesn't work, then the operation definition might be different.

   But according to the problem statement, this is the operation.

   Let me try to run the BFS for example1.

   Due to the complexity, I'll write the code and test.

   If it doesn't work, I might have to consider that the empty cells can be anywhere (not necessarily consecutive) but the problem says they are consecutive.

   But the problem says "the empty two cells", implying two consecutive cells.

   I'll implement as described.

   Let's go.

   (After implementation, if it doesn't work for sample1, then we'll have to debug.)

   But sample1 is provided, so if the BFS finds 4, then it's correct.

   I'll implement and test.

   Note: The operation is reversible, so we can also go from the target to the initial.

   But the BFS from initial to target is the same.

   Let me implement and test with the provided examples.

   Example1: N=6, S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB"

   Example2: N=6, S="BBBBBB", T="WWWWWW" -> -1 (count mismatch)

   Example3: N=14, S="BBBWBWWWBBWWBW", T="WBWWBBWWWBWBBB"

   We'll see.

   Given the constraints (N<=14, so state space is 15 * (14 choose w) which is at most 15 * 3432 = 51480 states), BFS is feasible.

   Let's write the code.

   Note: We must ensure that we find the two consecutive empty cells. In the state, there are exactly two '.' and they are consecutive.

   We can find the first '.' and then check the next character.

   But what if the empty cells are at the end? 

   For example, state = "BWBWBW..", then the empty cells are at positions 6 and 7.

   state.find('.') returns 6.

   Then, state[6] is '.' and state[7] is '.'.

   So the empty cells are (6,7).

   Then, we find all x from 0 to 7-2 (0 to 5) such that state[x] and state[x+1] are not '.'.

   Then, for each x, we generate the new state.

   Let's hope.

   I'll now write the code.

   We'll use collections.deque for BFS.

   Let's implement.

   If it works for sample1, then good.

   If not, we might have to consider that the operation can be applied to any two consecutive empty cells, but the problem says the empty two cells are consecutive.

   But the state always has exactly two consecutive empty cells.

   I think the code is correct.

   Let me test with a smaller example.

   Example: N=2, S="WB", T="BW"

   Initial state: "WB.."
   Target state: "BW.."

   Operation: move the two stones from x=0 and 1 (W and B) to the empty cells (2 and 3). Then, the state becomes "..WB".

   Then, from "..WB", we can move the two stones from x=2 and 3 (W and B) to the empty cells (0 and 1). Then, the state becomes "WB..", which is the initial state.

   To go from "WB.." to "BW..", we can do:

   Operation1: move the two stones from x=0 and 1 to empty cells 2 and 3: state becomes "..WB"
   Operation2: move the two stones from x=2 and 3 to empty cells 0 and 1: state becomes "WB.." (back)

   But how to get "BW.."?

   We cannot. 

   But the target is "BW..", which is the initial state's empty cells at the beginning? 

   Wait, the target state is defined as the first N cells (2 cells) being T="BW", and the last two empty. 

   So the target state is "BW..".

   In the initial state, it is "WB..".

   To reach "BW..", we need to swap the two stones.

   But the operation moves two adjacent stones to the empty cells. 

   In the initial state "WB..", we can only move the two stones (WB) to the empty cells, resulting in "..WB".

   From "..WB", we can move the two stones (WB) to the empty cells (0 and 1), resulting in "WB..".

   There is no way to get "BW..".

   So the answer should be -1.

   But wait, the counts of W and B are the same (one W and one B) in S and T, so the multiset is the same.

   But the arrangement is different.

   However, the operation preserves the order of the two stones. 

   In the initial state, the two stones are WB (adjacent). 

   When we move them to the empty cells, the order is preserved: W goes to the first empty cell, B to the second.

   Then, when we move them back, the order is preserved.

   So the minimal arrangement is not changed.

   Therefore, it's impossible to swap two stones if they are adjacent and the empty cells are at the end.

   So for N=2, S="WB", T="BW", the answer is -1.

   But the operation is defined to move two adjacent stones to the empty cells, preserving their order.

   This means that the relative order of the stones (in the entire row) is preserved? 

   Actually, the operation is a block move of two adjacent stones to two consecutive empty cells, and the order is preserved.

   This is similar to the 15-puzzle but with two empty cells.

   The minimal number of operations to swap two adjacent stones might not be possible if the empty cells are at the end.

   But in this case, the target state is "BW..", which is not reachable from "WB..".

   So the BFS should return -1 for this example.

   Let me implement and test.

   I'll now write the code.

   Note: We must check the counts first.

   Code implementation:

   Steps:
   1. Read input.
   2. If the counts of 'W' in S and T are different, print -1 and exit.
   3. Let n = N+2.
   4. initial_state = S + '.' * 2
   5. target_state = T + '.' * 2
   6. If initial_state == target_state, then 0 operations.
   7. BFS:

        from collections import deque
        queue = deque()
        queue.append((initial_state, 0))
        visited = set()
        visited.add(initial_state)

        while queue:
            state, steps = queue.popleft()
            if state == target_state:
                print(steps)
                exit(0)

            # Find the two consecutive empty cells
            index = state.find('.')
            if index == -1 or state[index+1] != '.':
                # This should not happen because there are two consecutive '.'.
                continue
            # The empty cells are at index and index+1.

            # Find all x from 0 to n-2 such that state[x] and state[x+1] are not '.'.
            for x in range(n-1):
                if state[x] == '.' or state[x+1] == '.':
                    continue
                # Create new state
                lst = list(state)
                # Remove the stones at x and x+1
                lst[x] = '.'
                lst[x+1] = '.'
                # Place the stones at the empty cells (index and index+1)
                lst[index] = state[x]
                lst[index+1] = state[x+1]
                new_state = ''.join(lst)
                if new_state not in visited:
                    visited.add(new_state)
                    queue.append((new_state, steps+1))

        print(-1)

   Let me test with N=2, S="WB", T="BW":

   initial_state = "WB.."
   target_state = "BW.."

   BFS:

   Step0: state="WB..", steps=0.

   Find empty cells: index = 2 ('.' at position2), and state[3]=='.', so empty cells at 2 and 3.

   Valid x: only x=0 (because at x=0: 'W' and 'B' are not '.'; x=1: '.' -> invalid; x=2: '.' -> invalid).

   So only x=0.

   new_state: 
        lst = list("WB..")
        lst[0] = '.', lst[1] = '.', lst[2] = 'W', lst[3] = 'B'
        new_state = "..WB"

   Then, from "..WB", we find empty cells at 0 and 1.

   Valid x: only x=2: state[2]='W', state[3]='B' -> valid.

   new_state: 
        lst = list("..WB")
        lst[2] = '.', lst[3] = '.', lst[0] = 'W', lst[1] = 'B'
        new_state = "WB.."

   Then, we reach the initial state again.

   So we never reach "BW..".

   Therefore, BFS returns -1.

   This is correct.

   Now, test with sample1: N=6, S="BWBWBW", T="WWWBBB"

   We'll run BFS and see if it finds the target in 4 operations.

   Given the state space is 300 states, it should.

   But I don't know the exact sequence.

   Let me hope.

   If it doesn't, we might have to consider that the empty cells can be moved to any consecutive empty cells, but the operation is defined to move to the existing empty cells.

   The problem's sample might have a different operation interpretation.

   But according to the problem statement, the operation is as implemented.

   Let me run the BFS for sample1.

   It might take a while to do by hand, but the computer will do.

   I'll run the code for sample1.

   Sample1 input:

   N=6
   S="BWBWBW"
   T="WWWBBB"

   The initial state: "BWBWBW.."

   We need to reach "WWWBBB.."

   The BFS might find a path.

   Let me run the code.

   (I'll write a separate function to count the number of 'W' and 'B' to ensure the multiset.

   But the problem says the counts must be the same.

   For S="BWBWBW": 3 W, 3 B.
   T="WWWBBB": 3 W, 3 B.

   So multiset is the same.

   Now, let's hope the BFS finds the target.

   I'll implement the code and test.

   Due to the potential for many states, I'll use a set to avoid revisiting.

   The code is below.

   Note: The state is a string of length N+2.

   We assume N+2 <= 16 (since N<=14).

   Let's implement.

   If sample1 returns 4, then good.

   If not, then there might be an error in the operation implementation.

   But the operation is as per the problem.

   Let me implement and test.

   If it doesn't work, I might have to consider that the empty cells can be anywhere (not necessarily consecutive) but the problem says they are consecutive.

   But the BFS is defined for consecutive empty cells.

   I'll implement as described.

   Here is the final code:

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine if it's possible to transform the initial configuration of stones (represented by a string of 'W' and 'B') into a target configuration using a series of operations, and if possible, find the minimum number of operations required. The operation involves moving two adjacent stones to the two consecutive empty cells, preserving their order.

### Approach
1. **Initial Check**: First, verify if the counts of 'W' and 'B' in the initial and target strings are the same. If not, it's impossible to achieve the target configuration, and we return -1.
2. **Breadth-First Search (BFS)**: Use BFS to explore all possible states starting from the initial configuration. Each state represents a specific arrangement of stones and empty cells.
3. **State Representation**: Each state is a string of length \(N+2\), where the first \(N\) characters represent the stones (either 'W' or 'B') and the last two characters are empty ('.').
4. **State Transitions**: For each state, identify the two consecutive empty cells. Then, for every pair of adjacent stones, move them to the empty cells, creating a new state. The BFS continues until the target state is found or all states are exhausted.

### Solution Code
```python
from collections import deque

def main():
    import sys
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    if not data:
        return
    N = int(data[0].strip())
    S = data[1].strip()
    T = data[2].strip()
    
    count_S = S.count('W')
    count_T = T.count('W')
    if count_S != count_T:
        print(-1)
        return
        
    n = N + 2
    initial_state = S + '.' * 2
    target_state = T + '.' * 2
    
    if initial_state == target_state:
        print(0)
        return
        
    queue = deque()
    queue.append((initial_state, 0))
    visited = set()
    visited.add(initial_state)
    
    while queue:
        state, steps = queue.popleft()
        index = state.find('.')
        if index == -1 or index+1 >= n or state[index+1] != '.':
            continue
            
        for x in range(n - 1):
            if state[x] == '.' or state[x+1] == '.':
                continue
            lst = list(state)
            lst[x] = '.'
            lst[x+1] = '.'
            lst[index] = state[x]
            lst[index+1] = state[x+1]
            new_state = ''.join(lst)
            if new_state == target_state:
                print(steps + 1)
                return
            if new_state not in visited:
                visited.add(new_state)
                queue.append((new_state, steps + 1))
                
    print(-1)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Initial Check**: The code first checks if the counts of 'W' in the initial string \(S\) and the target string \(T\) match. If they don't, it immediately returns -1 since the target configuration is impossible to achieve.
2. **BFS Initialization**: The BFS starts from the initial state (the first \(N\) characters of \(S\) followed by two empty cells). The target state is the first \(N\) characters of \(T\) followed by two empty cells.
3. **State Processing**: For each state, the code finds the position of the first empty cell. It then checks all pairs of adjacent stones (non-empty cells) and generates new states by moving these pairs to the empty cells.
4. **Termination Condition**: If during the BFS the target state is reached, the number of steps taken is printed. If the queue is exhausted without finding the target state, -1 is printed, indicating the target is unreachable.

This approach efficiently explores all possible configurations using BFS, ensuring the shortest path is found if the target is reachable. The state space is manageable due to the constraints (N ≤ 14), making BFS feasible.