=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a tree with N vertices: vertex 1, vertex 2, \ldots, vertex N.
The i-th edge (1\leq i\lt N) connects vertex u _ i and vertex v _ i.
Consider repeating the following operation some number of times:

- Choose one leaf vertex v and delete it along with all incident edges.

Find the minimum number of operations required to delete vertex 1.
What is a tree?
A tree is an undirected graph that is connected and has no cycles.
For more details, see: Wikipedia "Tree (graph theory)".

What is a leaf?
A leaf in a tree is a vertex with a degree of at most 1.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
u _ 1 v _ 1
u _ 2 v _ 2
\vdots
u _ {N-1} v _ {N-1}

Output

Print the answer in a single line.

Constraints


- 2\leq N\leq3\times10^5 
- 1\leq u _ i\lt v _ i\leq N\ (1\leq i\lt N)
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

9
1 2
2 3
2 4
2 5
1 6
6 7
7 8
7 9

Sample Output 1

5

The given graph looks like this:

For example, you can choose vertices 9,8,7,6,1 in this order to delete vertex 1 in five operations.

Vertex 1 cannot be deleted in four or fewer operations, so print 5.

Sample Input 2

6
1 2
2 3
2 4
3 5
3 6

Sample Output 2

1

In the given graph, vertex 1 is a leaf.
Hence, you can choose and delete vertex 1 in the first operation.

Sample Input 3

24
3 6
7 17
7 20
7 11
14 18
17 21
6 19
5 22
9 24
11 14
6 23
8 17
9 12
4 17
2 15
1 17
3 9
10 16
7 13
2 16
1 16
5 7
1 3

Sample Output 3

12

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 We are to find the minimum number of operations to delete vertex 1.
 Operation: choose a leaf and delete it (along with edges). Note that a leaf is defined as a vertex with degree <= 1.

 Observation:
 Since the operation deletes a leaf, we cannot delete an internal node until all its leaves (if any) are deleted.

 However, note that we are allowed to choose any leaf at any time. The goal is to delete vertex 1.

 Important: Vertex 1 might not be a leaf initially. We need to remove all the leaves that are attached to it until it becomes a leaf, then we can remove it.

 But note: the operation deletes the entire connected component that is attached to the leaf? Actually, no: the operation deletes the leaf and all incident edges. Then the graph breaks. However, the problem says "minimum number of operations" to delete vertex 1.

 We cannot delete vertex 1 until it becomes a leaf (i.e., degree 1). However, we can remove leaves that are not adjacent to vertex 1, but that might not help. Actually, we can remove leaves from anywhere, but note: removing a leaf might cause its parent to become a leaf? But wait, the operation deletes the leaf and all incident edges. So if we remove a leaf, the graph breaks into two components? Actually, no: the graph is connected and we are deleting one leaf. The operation is defined as: choose a leaf v and delete it along with all incident edges. Then the graph becomes disconnected if the leaf was connected by only one edge? Actually, the graph is a tree. Removing a leaf (which has one edge) disconnects the graph only if the leaf was a bridge, which it is. But the problem doesn't specify the order of deletion and we are allowed to choose any leaf.

 However, note: we are only concerned with deleting vertex 1. We can remove leaves that are not adjacent to vertex 1, but that might not be necessary. The key is: to delete vertex 1, we must remove all its adjacent edges. But note: if we remove a leaf that is adjacent to vertex 1, then vertex 1 loses an edge. But vertex 1 might have multiple edges. We need to remove all edges incident to vertex 1.

 But note: we are allowed to remove leaves in any order. We can also remove leaves that are not adjacent to vertex 1. However, the problem is to minimize the number of operations until vertex 1 is deleted.

 Let's think:

 Operation 1: remove a leaf. Then the graph changes. We can remove leaves that are attached to the part of the tree that is not containing vertex 1? Actually, we can remove any leaf. But note: we are only required to delete vertex 1. We don't care about other vertices, but the process must eventually delete vertex 1.

 However, the deletion of vertex 1 must happen when it is a leaf. How do we make vertex 1 a leaf? We must remove all its neighbors (except one, but actually we must remove all edges from vertex 1). But wait: we can also remove leaves that are not adjacent to vertex 1, but then vertex 1 might become a leaf earlier?

 Actually, consider: if we remove a leaf that is not adjacent to vertex 1, then the graph breaks and vertex 1's degree might not change. But if we remove a leaf adjacent to vertex 1, then the degree of vertex 1 decreases by one.

 So the process to delete vertex 1:

 We must remove all edges incident to vertex 1. Each removal of an edge incident to vertex 1 must be done by removing the leaf that is the other endpoint of that edge (if that leaf is still present). But note: if we remove a leaf that is adjacent to vertex 1, then vertex 1 loses one edge. But if we remove a leaf that is not adjacent to vertex 1, then vertex 1's edges are still there.

 However, we can remove leaves in any order. The problem is: we are allowed to remove any leaf at any time. We want to minimize the total operations until vertex 1 is deleted.

 Note: vertex 1 is deleted when it becomes a leaf and then we choose it. So we must have vertex 1 with degree 1 (then we remove it). But wait, the operation deletes the leaf and the edges. So if vertex 1 has degree 1, then we can choose it and delete it.

 But to have vertex 1 with degree 1, we must remove all the other edges incident to vertex 1. However, we can remove the leaves that are adjacent to vertex 1 one by one.

 But there's a catch: when we remove a leaf adjacent to vertex 1, the leaf is gone, but the edge is removed. Then the neighbor of vertex 1 (the leaf) is gone. Then the other neighbors of vertex 1 still remain. But wait: if we remove a leaf that is adjacent to vertex 1, then vertex 1 loses one edge. Then vertex 1's degree decreases by one.

 However, we can also remove leaves that are not adjacent to vertex 1. Why would we do that? Actually, removing a leaf that is not adjacent to vertex 1 doesn't directly help in reducing the degree of vertex 1. But it might break the graph and then we can remove leaves from the part containing vertex 1 more easily? Actually, no: the operation deletes the leaf and the edge, so if we remove a leaf from a branch not connected to vertex 1, then the graph splits. But then the part containing vertex 1 remains connected (if vertex 1 is not isolated) and the degree of vertex 1 doesn't change.

 Actually, the entire graph is connected. Removing a leaf (and its edge) from a branch not connected to vertex 1 will not affect the connectivity of the part containing vertex 1.

 Therefore, the only way to reduce the degree of vertex 1 is to remove the leaves that are adjacent to vertex 1.

 But note: what if vertex 1 has multiple edges? Then we must remove each adjacent leaf (the leaves that are directly connected to vertex 1) to reduce the degree of vertex 1. However, what if the leaves are not directly connected to vertex 1? Actually, the leaves that are adjacent to vertex 1 are the ones that are connected by an edge to vertex 1.

 However, consider: if vertex 1 is connected to a non-leaf node, then we cannot remove that non-leaf node until it becomes a leaf (by removing all its other leaves). But note: the operation can remove leaves anywhere. We are free to remove leaves from anywhere.

 Alternate Insight:

 We can consider the entire tree. We must remove all the vertices that are in the connected component containing vertex 1, but we are allowed to remove any leaf at any time.

 Actually, we can think of the problem as: we need to remove vertex 1. To remove vertex 1, we must remove all its incident edges. Each incident edge must be removed by removing the leaf at the other end (if that leaf is still present). But note: the other end might not be a leaf initially, so we might have to remove leaves in the branch to make the other end a leaf.

 However, note: we can remove leaves from anywhere. The minimal number of operations is the number of edges we must remove that are incident to vertex 1, plus the operations needed to remove the entire tree (except vertex 1) but wait, no.

 Actually, note: the operation deletes a leaf and then the graph breaks. We are allowed to choose any leaf. We want to minimize the total operations until vertex 1 is deleted.

 Consider: we can remove all the leaves that are not in the connected component of vertex 1? Actually, the graph is connected. But note: the entire graph is the tree. Removing a leaf from a branch not connected to vertex 1 doesn't help. Actually, the entire graph is connected, so removing a leaf from a branch not connected to vertex 1 will break the graph, but the part containing vertex 1 remains. However, we are allowed to remove leaves from the entire graph arbitrarily. But the goal is to delete vertex 1.

 Let's break down:

 We must remove vertex 1. To remove vertex 1, we must remove it when it is a leaf. So we must remove all edges incident to vertex 1. But to remove an edge (u, 1) where u is not a leaf, we must first remove all the leaves in the subtree of u (the part connected to 1 via u) until u becomes a leaf, then remove u. Then the edge (u,1) is removed.

 So the process:

 1. For each neighbor u of vertex 1, we must remove the entire subtree rooted at u (if we consider vertex 1 as root) until u becomes a leaf. The number of operations needed for the subtree rooted at u is the number of nodes in that subtree? Not exactly.

 Actually, in a tree, to remove a node (when we are allowed to remove leaves one by one) from a subtree, we need to remove all nodes in the subtree. But wait: the operation deletes a leaf. So the entire subtree must be removed, but the order is arbitrary. However, the minimal number of operations to remove a whole subtree (if we are only concerned with that subtree) is the number of edges in the subtree? Actually, no: each operation deletes one leaf. The entire subtree with n nodes has n-1 edges. But we don't need to remove edges, we remove nodes. The process: we remove leaves until the subtree is gone.

 Actually, the entire tree (if we consider a connected component) must be removed by deleting leaves. The minimal number of operations to remove a tree is the number of edges? Because each operation deletes one edge (the one incident to the leaf). But note: when we delete a leaf, we delete one edge. Then the graph breaks. But we are only concerned with the entire graph until vertex 1 is deleted.

 However, note: we are allowed to remove leaves from anywhere. We don't have to remove the entire graph. We just need to remove vertex 1. We can leave the rest of the graph.

 Actually, we don't need to remove every node. We only need to remove the edges that are incident to vertex 1. But to remove an edge (u,1), we must remove all the nodes in the subtree of u (if we consider the tree rooted at 1). Why? Because if there is a node v in the subtree of u that is a leaf, then we can remove v first. Then the parent of v (which is u or an ancestor) becomes a leaf? Actually, we can remove leaves arbitrarily.

 Actually, the problem is equivalent to: we must remove vertex 1. To remove vertex 1, we must remove all its incident edges. Each incident edge (u,1) must be removed by removing the entire branch from u (the part that is connected to 1 via u) except vertex 1. And to remove the entire branch (the subtree of u, if we root at 1) we must remove all nodes in that branch. But wait, we don't need to remove the entire branch, only until the node u becomes a leaf (so that the edge (u,1) can be removed). But note: u might have multiple edges. We must remove all the leaves in the subtree of u (the branch from u away from 1) until u becomes a leaf (then we remove u, which then removes the edge (u,1)).

 However, we can remove leaves from the entire tree arbitrarily. We are not forced to remove the entire branch. But note: we can only remove leaves. So to remove an edge (u,1), we must first remove all the leaves that are in the subtree of u (the part away from 1). Then u will have degree 1 (if the branch from u to 1 is the only edge left) and then we can remove u (which removes the edge (u,1)).

 Therefore, for each neighbor u of vertex 1, the number of operations needed to remove the edge (u,1) is the number of leaves in the subtree of u (the branch away from 1) that we must remove to make u a leaf. Actually, we must remove all the leaves in the subtree of u (the entire subtree) because we are allowed to remove any leaf. But wait, we don't necessarily need to remove all leaves. We just need to remove leaves until u becomes a leaf. But note: u might have multiple children. The minimal operations to remove the branch (the subtree of u) so that u becomes a leaf is actually the number of edges in the subtree? 

 Actually, the minimal operations to remove a tree (the entire subtree) is the number of edges (each operation deletes one edge). But we don't need to remove the entire subtree? We only need to remove the leaves until u becomes a leaf. However, note: the operation deletes the leaf and the edge. So if we remove a leaf in the subtree, we break the subtree. Then the parent of that leaf (in the subtree) loses one leaf. But we are only concerned with making u a leaf (so that we can then remove u). 

 Actually, the minimal operations to remove the entire subtree (so that u becomes isolated) is the number of edges in the subtree. But note: we don't need to remove the entire subtree necessarily. We only need to remove the leaves until u has no children (then u becomes a leaf). However, the subtree might be large.

 But note: we are allowed to remove leaves arbitrarily. The minimal number of operations to make u a leaf (from the branch away from 1) is the number of edges in the subtree of u (the branch) because each operation deletes one edge. However, wait: if we remove a leaf, we delete one edge. Then the subtree breaks. Then the next leaf might be in the remaining part. Actually, the entire subtree (the branch from u away from 1) must be removed. And the minimal number of operations to remove a tree is the number of edges (since we remove one edge per operation). 

 However, consider: we don't need to remove the entire branch? Actually, we do: because to remove the edge (u,1) we must remove u, and to remove u we must remove all the edges incident to u (except the one to 1) so that u becomes a leaf. But the edges incident to u (in the branch) are the ones that connect u to its children. So we must remove all the edges from u to its children. And to remove an edge from u to a child, we must remove the entire subtree rooted at that child? 

 Actually, we can remove leaves in the entire branch arbitrarily. The minimal operations to remove the entire branch (the subtree of u) is the number of edges in that branch. But note: the branch has (size of the subtree) - 1 edges.

 However, we are only required to remove the branch until u becomes a leaf. We don't need to remove the entire branch, only until u becomes a leaf. But if we remove leaves from the branch, we might not necessarily remove the entire branch. The condition for u to become a leaf is that it has no neighbors (except the one to 1). So we must remove all the edges from u to its children. Each edge from u to a child must be removed by removing the entire subtree rooted at that child (because to remove an edge (u, child) we must remove the entire subtree rooted at child, because we can only remove leaves). 

 But wait: we can remove the leaves in the child's subtree one by one. The minimal operations to remove the entire subtree rooted at a child is the number of edges in that subtree? Actually, no: the minimal operations to remove a tree (any tree) is the number of edges, because each operation deletes one edge. However, we don't need to remove the entire subtree to make the edge (u, child) disappear? Actually, no: the edge (u, child) is still there until the entire subtree rooted at child is removed? 

 Actually, the operation deletes a leaf. The leaf must be in the current graph. So if we remove a leaf in the subtree, then the graph breaks. But the edge (u, child) remains until the entire subtree rooted at child is removed? 

 Let me clarify: 
 - Initially, the tree is connected. 
 - We remove leaves one by one. 
 - When we remove a leaf, we remove the node and all its incident edges. 

 So if we remove a leaf from the subtree of child, then the node child loses one leaf (if the leaf was a direct child of child). Then the parent of that leaf (which might be child) loses one edge. But the edge (u, child) remains until we remove the node child? 

 Actually, no: the edge (u, child) is only removed when we remove node child. And to remove node child, we must remove all edges incident to child (except the one to u). But the edges incident to child are the ones to its children. So we must remove all the leaves in the subtree of child until child becomes a leaf (then we remove child, which removes the edge (u, child)).

 Therefore, to remove the edge (u, child), we must remove the entire subtree rooted at child. And the minimal operations to remove the entire subtree rooted at child is the number of edges in that subtree (because we remove one edge per operation). 

 However, note: the entire subtree rooted at child has (size_child) nodes, so (size_child - 1) edges, and we need to remove each edge? Actually, the operation deletes a node (and its incident edges). The number of operations to remove the entire subtree is the number of edges? 

 Let me think with a simple example: a tree with two nodes: 1 and 2, and edge (1,2). 
   Operation 1: remove leaf 2. Then the graph breaks. Then we can remove leaf 1 (if we want). But we are only concerned with deleting vertex 1. We don't need to remove vertex 2 if we are not going to use it? Actually, we are allowed to remove any leaf arbitrarily. But note: the operation deletes the leaf and the edge. So if we remove 2 first, then vertex 1 becomes isolated (a leaf) and then we can remove it. But the problem: we are to delete vertex 1. We don't care about vertex 2. However, we must remove vertex 1. 

 Actually, the problem doesn't require to remove the entire graph, only to delete vertex 1. But the operations are defined as: choose a leaf and delete it. We can choose leaves arbitrarily. 

 However, note: the graph is connected. To remove vertex 1, we must remove all edges incident to vertex 1. Each edge incident to vertex 1 must be removed. And to remove an edge (u,1), we must remove the entire branch from u (the part away from 1) because if we leave any node in that branch, then the edge (u,1) remains until we remove u, and to remove u we must remove the entire branch (so that u becomes a leaf). 

 But wait: we don't need to remove the entire branch if we are only concerned with deleting vertex 1. Actually, we are allowed to remove leaves arbitrarily. We can remove leaves from the branch that is connected to vertex 1, but we don't necessarily need to remove the entire branch. 

 However, consider: if we leave a node in the branch (say node x) then the edge (u,1) is still there? Actually, no: the edge (u,1) is still there until we remove u. And to remove u, we must remove all edges incident to u (except the one to 1) so that u becomes a leaf. But if the branch (the part away from 1) is not removed, then u still has edges (to the nodes in the branch). So we must remove the entire branch (all nodes in the branch) to remove u.

 Therefore, for each edge (u,1), we must remove the entire branch (the subtree of u) that is away from 1. 

 Now, the entire branch (subtree) of u has a certain number of edges. But note: we are allowed to remove leaves arbitrarily, so the minimal operations to remove a branch (a tree) is the number of edges in that branch. Why? Because each operation removes one edge (since we remove a leaf and the incident edge). 

 However, we don't need to remove the entire branch? Actually, we do: to remove u (the node adjacent to 1) we must remove all edges incident to u (the ones in the branch). 

 Therefore, the total operations to remove vertex 1 is:

 1 (to remove vertex 1 itself) + sum_{for each neighbor u of vertex 1} (number of edges in the branch of u)

 But wait: we don't need to remove vertex 1 separately? Actually, we remove vertex 1 when it becomes a leaf. The operations are:

 Step 1: remove all the branches (each branch requires the number of edges in that branch) to make vertex 1 a leaf.
 Step 2: then remove vertex 1.

 But note: the removal of the branches is done by removing leaves. Each branch (a tree) has (number of nodes in the branch) - 1 edges. So the operations for the branch is (number of nodes in the branch) - 1.

 However, we are counting the operations to remove the entire branch (all edges in the branch). Then we remove vertex 1 (one operation).

 But wait: the entire graph is the tree. The entire tree has N-1 edges. The operations to remove the entire tree is N-1? But we don't need to remove the entire tree. We only need to remove the branches (the edges incident to vertex 1) and then vertex 1.

 However, note: the edges incident to vertex 1 are k (the degree of vertex 1). The rest of the edges are in the branches. But the branches are connected to vertex 1. 

 Actually, the entire tree has N-1 edges. The edges incident to vertex 1 are k. The remaining edges are N-1 - k.

 But we must remove the entire branch for each neighbor. The branch for a neighbor u has (size_u) nodes (including u) or (size_u) edges? 

 Actually, for a branch (the connected component from u away from 1) has (size_u) nodes (including u) and (size_u - 1) edges.

 But note: the entire tree has N nodes. The node 1 is one node. Then the branches (the subtrees) are the connected components when removing vertex 1. The sum of the sizes of the branches (the number of nodes in each branch) is N - 1.

 Then the total operations to remove all branches is the sum_{each branch} (number of edges in the branch) = sum_{each branch} (size_u - 1) = (N - 1) - (number of branches) + (number of edges in the entire tree excluding the edges from vertex 1 to the branches) ? 

 Actually, the entire tree has N-1 edges. The edges incident to vertex 1 are k (the degree of vertex 1). The rest of the edges (N-1 - k) are in the branches. But the branches are disjoint. The total edges in the branches is the sum_{each branch} (size_u - 1) = (sum_{each branch} size_u) - (number of branches) = (N-1) - k.

 So the operations to remove the branches is (N-1 - k). Then we remove vertex 1 (one operation). So total operations = (N-1 - k) + 1 = N - k.

 However, let's test with sample input 1:

 Input: 
   9
   1 2
   2 3
   2 4
   2 5
   1 6
   6 7
   7 8
   7 9

 Vertex 1 has degree 2 (edges to 2 and 6). So k=2.

 Then total operations = 9 - 2 = 7, but the sample output is 5.

 So that formula is not matching.

 Let me reexamine:

 In the sample, the answer is 5. 

 What is happening?

 We are allowed to remove leaves arbitrarily. We don't necessarily need to remove the entire branch. 

 Actually, we don't need to remove the entire branch. We only need to remove the leaves in the branch until the adjacent node (the neighbor of vertex 1) becomes a leaf. Then we can remove that neighbor (which removes the edge). 

 How many operations are required for a branch? 

 Consider a branch (a tree) rooted at u (the neighbor of vertex 1). We need to remove leaves until u becomes a leaf. The minimal operations for that branch is the number of edges in the branch? Not exactly.

 Actually, the minimal operations to make u a leaf in the branch is the number of edges in the branch? 

 Example: a branch (subtree) that is a chain: u -> a -> b -> c (so u is connected to a, a to b, b to c). 

 To make u a leaf, we must remove the edge (u, a). But to remove the edge (u, a), we must remove the entire chain from a to c (so that a becomes a leaf, then remove a, then u becomes a leaf). 

 Steps for the chain u->a->b->c (c is a leaf):

 1. Remove c (leaf). Then the graph breaks: now we have u->a->b, and b is a leaf? Actually, after removing c, the node b now has degree 1 (only connected to a) so it becomes a leaf. Then we can remove b (operation 2). Then a has degree 1 (only connected to u) so we can remove a (operation 3). Then u becomes a leaf (operation 4: remove u).

 So to remove the entire branch (the chain of 3 edges) we needed 4 operations? But the branch has 3 edges, and we removed 3 edges (the edges (u,a) is removed when we remove a, (a,b) is removed when we remove b, (b,c) is removed when we remove c). But note: we also removed the node c, then b, then a, then u. So 4 nodes, but 3 edges? 

 Actually, the operations are 4, but the edges are 3. 

 Alternatively, we can think: the minimal operations to remove the entire branch (the entire subtree) is the number of nodes in the branch (including u). Because we remove one node per operation (if we remove leaves). But wait, the entire branch has 4 nodes (u, a, b, c). We removed 4 nodes. 

 But note: the operation deletes a leaf and the incident edge. So the number of operations is the number of nodes in the branch (because we remove each node exactly once). 

 However, wait: in the example, we removed 4 nodes (c, b, a, u) but note: when we remove u, we are not required to remove it as part of the branch? Actually, we remove u to get the edge (u,1) removed, but u is the root of the branch (the neighbor of 1). 

 So the operations for the branch is the number of nodes in the branch (including u). 

 But then, for the entire graph, the total operations would be the sum of the nodes in all branches (each branch including its root) and then add 1 for vertex 1.

 But wait, the entire graph has N nodes. The node 1 is not included in any branch. The branches are the subtrees of vertex 1. The sum of the nodes in the branches is N-1 (because the entire tree has N nodes and node 1 is separate). 

 Then total operations = (N-1) + 1 = N.

 But sample input 1: N=9, then 9 operations, but expected is 5.

 So that's not matching.

 Alternatively, note that we don't need to remove the entire branch. We only need to remove the branch until u becomes a leaf. 

 In the chain example, we did not need to remove the entire branch? Actually, we did: because we removed u as well. But wait, we removed u because we needed to remove the edge (u,1). But the problem: the operation deletes the leaf. We can choose the order arbitrarily. 

 Let me try a different order for the chain:

 We want to remove the edge (u,1). We don't need to remove u until the last operation for that branch. But we must remove the entire branch (the subtree) to make u a leaf.

 Actually, the minimal operations to make u a leaf is the number of edges in the branch (because each edge removal is an operation). But wait, the operation deletes a node (which deletes one edge). 

 In the chain example: 
   Edges: (u,a), (a,b), (b,c)
   Operations: 
     Operation 1: remove c (deletes edge (b,c))
        Then the branch becomes: u, a, b. Now b has degree 1 (only connected to a) so it is a leaf.
     Operation 2: remove b (deletes edge (a,b))
        Then the branch becomes: u, a. Now a has degree 1 (only connected to u) so it is a leaf.
     Operation 3: remove a (deletes edge (u,a))
        Then u becomes a leaf (and the edge (u,1) is still there, but wait: we are not removing u yet? Actually, no: we removed a, then u is connected only to vertex 1. Then u has degree 1 (only connected to 1) so it becomes a leaf? But we are not allowed to remove u until we remove the edge (u,1)? Actually, no: the edge (u,1) is still there. 

 So we must remove u as well. Then operation 4: remove u (deletes edge (u,1)).

 But note: after removing a, u becomes a leaf (because it has one edge to 1). Then we can remove u. 

 So the operations for the branch are 4, which is the number of nodes in the branch (including u). 

 But wait, the entire branch (the subtree) has 4 nodes: u, a, b, c. And we removed 4 nodes. 

 Now, consider the entire sample input 1:

 The tree:
   1 is connected to 2 and 6.

 The branch for 2: 
   Nodes: 2, 3, 4, 5 -> 4 nodes.
   Operations for this branch: 4.

 The branch for 6:
   Nodes: 6, 7, 8, 9 -> 4 nodes.
   Operations for this branch: 4.

 Then total operations = 4 (branch 2) + 4 (branch 6) + 1 (vertex 1) = 9.

 But expected is 5.

 What's the flaw?

 The flaw is: we don't need to remove the entire branch. We only need to remove the leaves until the node adjacent to 1 (like 2 and 6) become leaves. Then we can remove them, and then vertex 1 becomes a leaf.

 But note: the definition of leaf: degree <= 1. 

 For node 2: initially, degree is 4 (connected to 1, 3, 4, 5). We need to remove the leaves in the subtree of 2 (the nodes 3,4,5,7,8,9) until node 2 becomes a leaf (degree 1). 

 Actually, to remove node 2, we must remove all edges incident to 2 (the edges to 3,4,5). But to remove the edge (2,3), we must remove the entire subtree of 3 (which is just node 3). Similarly for 4 and 5.

 Steps for branch 2:

   Operation 1: remove 3 (leaf). Then node 2 has degree 3 (edges to 1,4,5) and node 4 and 5 are still there.
   Operation 2: remove 4 (leaf). Then node 2 has degree 2 (edges to 1,5).
   Operation 3: remove 5 (leaf). Then node 2 has degree 1 (only edge to 1). Then we can remove node 2 (operation 4).

 Similarly for branch 6:

   Operation 5: remove 9 (leaf). Then node 7 has degree 2 (edges to 6 and 8). 
   Operation 6: remove 8 (leaf). Then node 7 has degree 1 (edge to 6). Then we can remove node 7 (operation 7).
   But wait, we haven't removed node 6 yet? 

 Actually, node 6 is connected to 1 and 7. After removing 9 and 8, node 7 becomes a leaf, so we remove node 7. Then node 6 has degree 1 (only edge to 1). Then we can remove node 6 (operation 8).

 Then finally, vertex 1 has degree 0? Actually, after removing node 2 and node 6, vertex 1 has no edges. Then vertex 1 becomes a leaf? (degree 0 <= 1) so we can remove vertex 1 (operation 9).

 This gives 9 operations.

 But the sample output is 5.

 There must be a better strategy.

 Let me read the sample explanation: 
   "For example, you can choose vertices 9,8,7,6,1 in this order to delete vertex 1 in five operations."

 Steps:

   Operation 1: remove 9 (leaf). Then the graph breaks (node 7 still has edges to 6 and 8).
   Operation 2: remove 8 (leaf). Then node 7 now has edges to 6 and (none else) -> leaf.
   Operation 3: remove 7 (leaf). Then node 6 now has edges to 1 and (none else) -> leaf.
   Operation 4: remove 6 (leaf). Then node 1 now has edges to 2 and (none else) -> wait, node 2 is still there? 

 Actually, after removing 6, the edge (1,6) is gone. But node 2 is still connected to 1. Node 1 now has only one edge (to 2) so it becomes a leaf.
   Operation 5: remove 1.

 But wait, in the sample explanation, they removed 6 (which is a leaf after removing 7 and 8) and then 1. But node 1 is not a leaf until the edge to 6 is removed. 

 In the sample explanation, they removed 6 (which was a leaf) and then 1 (which became a leaf). 

 How did node 6 become a leaf? 
   Initially, node 6 has edges to 1,7. 
   After removing 9 and 8, node 7 has edges to 6 and (none else) -> so node 7 is removed (operation 3). Then node 6 has edges to 1 and (none else) -> so node 6 becomes a leaf (operation 4: remove 6).

 Then node 1 has only edge to 2 (which is still present) -> so node 1 has degree 1, so it is a leaf (operation 5: remove 1).

 Now, what about node 2 and its children? 
   Node 2 has edges to 1,3,4,5. We haven't removed 3,4,5. 

 But the sample explanation did not remove 3,4,5. 

 This means: we don't need to remove the entire branch. We only need to remove the leaves that are in the branch until the adjacent node (like 6) becomes a leaf. Then we remove the adjacent node, and then vertex 1 becomes a leaf.

 But what about node 2? Why didn't we need to remove node 2? 

 The key: the operation is defined as deleting a leaf. We are allowed to delete any leaf at any time. In the sample explanation, they only deleted leaves from the branch of 6 and then from the branch of 2? Actually, they did not delete any leaf from the branch of 2. 

 But then node 2 is still there. 

 However, the goal is to delete vertex 1. We don't care if other vertices remain. 

 But wait, the problem says: "Find the minimum number of operations required to delete vertex 1."

 And the operation deletes a leaf. We can choose any leaf. The sample explanation did not delete any leaf from the branch of 2. 

 Why is that allowed? 

 After removing 6, the edge (1,2) is still there. Then node 1 has degree 1 (only connected to 2) so it is a leaf. Then we can remove it.

 But then node 2 is still in the graph. The problem doesn't say we have to remove the entire graph. It only says "delete vertex 1". 

 So the sample explanation is valid.

 Therefore, we only need to remove the leaves that are in the branches that are adjacent to vertex 1, but we don't need to remove the entire branch. 

 Actually, we only need to remove the leaves in the branch until the adjacent node (like 6) becomes a leaf. Then we remove the adjacent node, and then vertex 1 becomes a leaf.

 How many operations for the branch of 6?

   We need to remove the leaves in the branch of 6 until node 6 becomes a leaf. 

   Node 6 has two edges: to 1 and to 7.
   We need to remove the edge (6,7) so that node 6 becomes a leaf.

   To remove the edge (6,7), we must remove the entire branch of 7 (the subtree rooted at 7) until node 7 becomes a leaf.

   The branch of 7 has nodes: 7,8,9.
   To make node 7 a leaf, we need to remove the edges incident to 7 (the edge to 6 and the edges to 8 and 9). But we are allowed to remove leaves arbitrarily.

   Steps for the branch of 7 (nodes 7,8,9):

     Operation 1: remove 9 (leaf). Then node 7 has edges to 6 and 8. Node 8 has degree 1 (only to 7) -> leaf.
     Operation 2: remove 8 (leaf). Then node 7 has only edge to 6 -> leaf.

   Then we can remove node 7? But wait, node 7 is not a leaf until we remove the edges to 8 and 9. But we removed 8 and 9, so the edges (7,8) and (7,9) are gone. Then node 7 has only edge to 6 -> leaf.

   Then we remove node 7 (operation 3).

   But note: the operation to remove node 7 is one operation. So for the branch of 7 (nodes 8,9,7) we used 3 operations (removing 9,8,7) but wait, we removed 9 and 8 (two operations) and then 7 (third). 

   However, we only needed to remove the leaves until node 6 becomes a leaf. We don't need to remove node 7 if we are not going to use it? 

   Actually, to remove the edge (6,7) we must remove node 7. But node 7 is not a leaf initially. We must remove its leaves (8 and 9) first, then node 7 becomes a leaf and then we remove it.

   So the operations for the branch of 6 is 3 (removing 9,8,7) and then we remove node 6 (operation 4). But wait, we removed node 7 and then node 6. 

   But note: the sample explanation removed 9,8,7,6,1 -> 5 operations.

   Alternatively, we can remove node 7 first? No, because node 7 is not a leaf initially (it has two edges). 

   So the minimal operations for the branch of 6 is 3 (to remove the entire branch of 7) and then one operation to remove node 6. 

   But wait, the sample explanation removed node 9, then node 8, then node 7, then node 6. That's 4 operations for the branch of 6 and then one for node 1: total 5.

   However, node 1 is removed as the last operation.

   Now, what about the branch of 2?

   We didn't remove any node from the branch of 2. 

   Why is that sufficient? 

   After removing the branch of 6, node 1 has edges to 2. Node 2 is still there. But node 1 has degree 1 (only edge to 2) so it is a leaf. 

   But wait, node 2 is still present. Does that matter? 

   The problem only requires to delete vertex 1. 

   So we don't need to remove the branch of 2 at all.

   Therefore, the minimal operations is the sum over all branches (adjacent to vertex 1) of the minimal operations to reduce that branch's adjacent node (the neighbor) to a leaf (which is the number of nodes in that branch including the neighbor node?).

   Actually, for a branch (adjacent node u) the minimal operations is the number of nodes in the branch (the entire subtree of u) because we must remove every node in the branch to make u a leaf? 

   But wait, in the branch of 6, we had to remove nodes 9,8,7 (three nodes) to make node 6 a leaf. 

   The branch of 6 has 4 nodes: 6,7,8,9. But we only removed 3 nodes (9,8,7) and then node 6 was removed separately. 

   But node 6 is the neighbor of 1. We are counting node 6 as part of the branch? 

   Let's define: 
     Let the branch for neighbor u be the connected component containing u after removing vertex 1. This branch has a certain number of nodes, say m (including u).

   To make u a leaf, we must remove all edges incident to u (except the one to 1) in the branch. The branch has m-1 edges (if it's a tree). 

   How many operations are required to remove the branch (to make u a leaf)? 

   We must remove all nodes in the branch except u? 

   Actually, no: we must remove all nodes in the branch because the edges incident to u are the ones connecting u to its children. To remove an edge from u to a child, we must remove the entire subtree of that child. 

   But note: the entire branch (the connected component of u) has m nodes. We must remove all nodes in the branch (m nodes) to make u a leaf? 

   In the sample branch of 6: 
        Nodes: 6,7,8,9 -> 4 nodes.
        We removed 9,8,7 (3 nodes) and then 6 separately. 

   But wait, we removed node 6 separately? 

   Actually, the operation to remove node 6 is done after the branch is cleared (node 6 becomes a leaf). 

   So the operations for the branch of 6 is the number of nodes in the branch excluding node 6? 

   Or including node 6? 

   Let me reexamine the definition: 
        We must remove the edge (u,1) by first making u a leaf. To make u a leaf, we must remove all edges incident to u (in the branch). 

   The edges incident to u (in the branch) are the ones to its children. We must remove the entire branch (all nodes in the branch) to remove those edges. 

   But note: the operation deletes a leaf. We can remove leaves arbitrarily. The minimal operations to remove a tree (the branch) is the number of edges in the branch. But each operation deletes one node (which deletes one edge). 

   However, we are not required to remove the entire branch? We only need to remove the leaves until u becomes a leaf. 

   In the branch of 6, the tree is:

        6
        |
        7
       / \
      8   9

   Steps to make node 6 a leaf:

     1. Remove 9 (leaf).
     2. Remove 8 (leaf).
     3. Then node 7 has only one edge (to 6) -> leaf.
     4. Remove 7 (leaf).

   Then node 6 has only one edge (to 1) -> leaf.

   So we removed 3 nodes from the branch (9,8,7) and then node 6 was removed separately (as part of the overall process). 

   But node 6 is not part of the branch? The branch is defined as the connected component after removing vertex 1. Then node 6 is included in the branch.

   Actually, we should define the branch for neighbor u as the connected component containing u after removing vertex 1. That includes u and all nodes reachable from u without going through vertex 1.

   Then the branch of 6 has 4 nodes: 6,7,8,9.

   To make node 6 a leaf, we must remove all edges incident to node 6 (except the one to 1). The edge (6,7) must be removed. To remove (6,7), we must remove node 7 (which is not a leaf initially). To remove node 7, we must remove its leaves (8 and 9). 

   So the operations for the branch of 6 is the number of nodes in the branch (4) because we remove 4 nodes? 

   But we removed 4 nodes: 9,8,7,6. 

   However, in the sample explanation, they removed 9,8,7,6 (and then 1) -> 5 operations.

   But note: the operation to remove node 6 is counted as part of the branch removal? 

   Actually, node 6 is the neighbor of vertex 1. We are allowed to remove node 6 because it becomes a leaf. But node 6 is part of the branch. 

   So the total operations for the branch of 6 is 4 (removing nodes 9,8,7,6).

   Similarly, for the branch of 2 (nodes 2,3,4,5):

        We did not remove any node from this branch in the sample explanation.

   Why is that? 

   Because after removing the branch of 6, node 1 has edge to 2. Node 2 is still there. But node 1 has degree 1 (only edge to 2) so it is a leaf. Then we remove node 1.

   But wait, node 2 is still present. The branch of 2 is still there. 

   However, we don't need to remove node 2 because we are only required to delete vertex 1.

   So the minimal operations is the sum over all branches (adjacent to vertex 1) of the number of nodes in the branch (including the neighbor) because we must remove the entire branch to make the neighbor a leaf? 

   But then for branch 2: 4 nodes, branch 6: 4 nodes, then total operations = 4 (branch2) + 4 (branch6) + 1 (vertex1) = 9.

   But expected is 5.

   Alternatively, the minimal operations for a branch is the number of edges in the branch (which is nodes_in_branch - 1). 

   For branch 6: 3 edges -> 3 operations, then we remove node 6 (which is not an edge) -> but wait, node 6 is part of the branch. 

   Let me count the operations for branch 6:

        Operation 1: remove node 9 (one node, one edge: (7,9))
        Operation 2: remove node 8 (one node, one edge: (7,8))
        Operation 3: remove node 7 (one node, one edge: (6,7))

        Then node 6 becomes a leaf (edge (6,1) is still there, but the branch is gone). 

        Then we remove node 6 (operation 4).

        Total for branch 6: 4 operations.

   But wait, the removal of node 7 deletes the edge (6,7). Then node 6 becomes a leaf. Then we remove node 6 (operation 4).

   The number of operations for branch 6 is 4, which is the number of nodes in the branch.

   For branch 2: 
        Nodes: 2,3,4,5 -> 4 nodes.
        Operations: 
            Operation 1: remove 3 (node 3, edge (2,3))
            Operation 2: remove 4 (node 4, edge (2,4))
            Operation 3: remove 5 (node 5, edge (2,5))
            Then node 2 becomes a leaf (edge (2,1) is still there) -> operation 4: remove 2.

        Total for branch 2: 4 operations.

   Then total operations = 4 (branch2) + 4 (branch6) + 1 (vertex1) = 9.

   But expected is 5.

   This is not matching.

   Let me re-read the sample explanation: 
        "For example, you can choose vertices 9,8,7,6,1 in this order to delete vertex 1 in five operations."

   They removed 9,8,7,6,1 -> 5 operations.

   In this order, they did not remove any node from branch 2. 

   Why is that sufficient? 

   After removing 6, node 1 has edge to 2. Node 2 is still there. But node 1 has degree 1 (only edge to 2) so it is a leaf. 

   The branch of 2 is still attached to node 1. But node 1 is a leaf, so we can remove it.

   So we don't need to remove branch 2 at all.

   Therefore, the minimal operations is the sum over all branches (adjacent to vertex 1) of the minimal operations to make the neighbor node a leaf (which is the number of nodes in the branch excluding the neighbor node? ) plus the neighbor node itself.

   For branch 6: 
        We removed nodes 9,8,7 -> 3 nodes (excluding node 6) and then node 6 -> total 4 nodes.

   For branch 2: 
        We removed 0 nodes.

   Then total = 4 (branch6) + 0 (branch2) + 1 (node1) = 5.

   But wait, node 1 is removed after branch6 is done. And branch6's removal makes node6 a leaf, then node1 has degree 1 (only edge to2) -> leaf. 

   But then node2 is still there. 

   However, the problem only requires to delete vertex 1. 

   So the minimal operations for a branch (adjacent to vertex 1) is the number of nodes in the branch (excluding the neighbor) because the neighbor is removed separately. 

   But then for branch 6: 
        Nodes in branch excluding neighbor: 3 (nodes 7,8,9) -> 3 operations.
        Then remove neighbor (node6) -> operation 4.
        Then remove node1 -> operation 5.

   Total 5.

   For branch 2: 
        Nodes in branch excluding neighbor: 3 (nodes 3,4,5) -> 3 operations.
        Then remove neighbor (node2) -> operation 4.
        Then remove node1 -> operation 5.

   But the sample explanation did not remove branch2. 

   Why is branch2 not removed? 

   Because after removing branch6, node1 has degree 1 (only edge to2) -> leaf. So we can remove node1 without removing branch2.

   So the condition for node1 to become a leaf is that the number of edges incident to it is 1. 

   Initially, node1 has edges to all its neighbors. 

   Each time we remove a leaf from a branch, we might reduce the degree of the neighbor node (if the leaf is a direct child) or not. 

   But note: we are allowed to remove any leaf arbitrarily. We don't have to remove leaves from the branch of 2. 

   The minimal operations is the sum over all branches (adjacent to vertex 1) of the minimal operations to make the neighbor node a leaf (which is the number of nodes in the branch excluding the neighbor node) for the branches that are not removed by the time node1 becomes a leaf.

   However, we can choose the order. 

   We want to minimize the total operations. 

   We can choose to remove leaves from branches that have a large number of nodes first, or from branches that have a small number of nodes first? 

   Actually, we can remove leaves from any branch at any time. 

   The condition for node1 to become a leaf is that the number of edges incident to node1 is 1. 

   Initially, node1 has degree d (say). 

   Each time we remove a leaf from a branch, if the leaf is a direct child of node1, then node1's degree decreases by one. But if the leaf is not a direct child, then node1's degree doesn't change.

   However, if we remove a leaf from a branch, the branch's neighbor node might become a leaf earlier. 

   But note: the sample explanation did not remove any leaf from branch2. 

   The key is: we don't need to reduce the degree of node1 by one for each branch. We only need to reduce it to 1. 

   How many branches must we remove? 

   We must remove enough branches so that node1 has only one edge left. 

   Initially, node1 has d edges. We need to remove d-1 branches. 

   But wait, we can remove leaves from a branch multiple times and that might remove the entire branch. 

   Actually, the minimal operations is the sum over the branches that we need to remove (to reduce node1's degree) of the number of nodes in that branch (excluding the neighbor node) plus the number of operations to remove node1 (1).

   But wait, we can remove node1 only after its degree is 1. 

   The total number of edges incident to node1 is d. We need to remove d-1 edges. 

   Each edge is removed by removing the entire branch (the neighbor node and its subtree). 

   But wait, we can remove a branch partially. 

   Actually, the minimal operations to remove one edge incident to node1 is the number of nodes in the branch (excluding the neighbor node) because we must remove the entire branch (all nodes except the neighbor) to make the neighbor node a leaf, and then we remove the neighbor node (which removes the edge). 

   Then the total operations is the sum_{for each branch} (number of nodes in the branch excluding the neighbor) + 1 (to remove node1).

   But then for sample input 1:

        Branch2: nodes excluding neighbor = 3 (nodes3,4,5) -> 3
        Branch6: nodes excluding neighbor = 3 (nodes7,8,9) -> 3
        Total = 3+3+1 = 7, but expected is 5.

   This is not matching.

   Let me try a different approach:

   We can remove leaves from the entire graph arbitrarily. The only constraint is that we can only remove leaves.

   The goal is to remove vertex 1. 

   We can remove vertex 1 in one operation if it is a leaf.

   How many operations are required? 

   We must remove all the leaves that are attached to vertex 1's edges except one. 

   But wait, vertex 1 has d edges. We must remove d-1 edges incident to vertex 1. 

   Each edge is removed by removing the entire branch (the neighbor node and its subtree). 

   But we can remove leaves from the branch without removing the entire branch. 

   Actually, the minimal operations to remove an edge (u,1) is the number of nodes in the branch (the entire branch) minus the neighbor node? 

   No, because in the sample, for branch6, we removed 3 nodes (9,8,7) and then node6. 

   The number of operations to remove the edge (u,1) is the number of nodes in the branch (including the neighbor) minus 1? 

   For branch6: 4 nodes -> 4-1 = 3 operations? But we did 4 operations.

   Alternatively, the minimal operations to remove a branch (to remove the edge) is the number of edges in the branch. 

   For branch6: 3 edges -> 3 operations.

   For branch2: 3 edges -> 3 operations.

   Then total operations = 3+3+1 = 7.

   But expected is 5.

   Let me try to find a pattern from the sample explanation:

        Operations: 9,8,7,6,1 -> 5 operations.

   What is common in these 5 operations? 

   They removed 4 nodes from the branch of 6 and then node1.

   But wait, node6 is removed and it is part of the branch of 6.

   The branch of 6 has 4 nodes. We removed 4 nodes (9,8,7,6) -> 4 operations, then node1 -> 5.

   So the operations for branch6 is 4.

   For branch2: 0.

   Total = 4 + 1 = 5.

   Therefore, the minimal operations for a branch is the number of nodes in the branch (including the neighbor).

   But then for branch2, if we had to remove it, it would be 4 operations, but we don't.

   How do we decide which branches to remove? 

   We need to remove branches until vertex 1 has only one edge left. 

   Initially, vertex 1 has 2 edges (to 2 and 6). 

   We need to remove 1 edge. 

   We can choose to remove the branch with more nodes first. 

   In the sample, branch6 has 4 nodes, branch2 has 4 nodes. 

   But the sample explanation removed branch6 completely (4 nodes) and then vertex1 became a leaf because the other edge (to2) was still there. 

   Actually, after removing branch6, vertex1 still has the edge to2. 

   So the condition is: we need to remove branches until vertex1 has only one edge left. 

   Initially, vertex1 has 2 edges. 

   We need to remove 1 edge. 

   But removing a branch removes one edge (the one between the neighbor and vertex1). 

   So we need to remove 1 branch. 

   But which branch? We can choose any branch. 

   The cost to remove a branch (the number of operations) is the number of nodes in the branch (including the neighbor). 

   So we should remove the branch with fewer nodes to minimize the total operations.

   In the sample, both branches have 4 nodes, so it doesn't matter.

   Then total operations = 4 (for the branch) + 1 (for vertex1) = 5.

   But wait, after removing the branch, vertex1 has only one edge left (the other branch) -> so vertex1 becomes a leaf. 

   But note: we removed the entire branch (4 nodes) and then vertex1 is a leaf. 

   So the answer is: 

        Let the tree be given.
        Let d be the degree of vertex 1.
        For each neighbor u of vertex 1, let size[u] be the size of the connected component containing u after removing vertex 1 (including u).

        Then, we need to remove d-1 edges incident to vertex 1. 
        But wait, we only need to remove d-1 edges to make vertex1 a leaf? 

        Actually, initially vertex1 has d edges. We need to remove d-1 edges. 

        But note: we can remove edges by removing the entire branch (the neighbor node and its subtree). 

        However, we don't necessarily need to remove all branches. We only need to remove d-1 branches. 

        But wait, if we remove d-1 branches, then vertex1 will have one edge left (the one we don't remove). 

        Then the minimal operations is the sum of the sizes of the d-1 smallest branches (each branch size is the number of nodes in the branch including the neighbor) and then 1 for vertex1.

        But wait, the sample: d=2, so we need to remove 1 branch. The branch with the smallest size is either branch2 or branch6, both have size 4. So answer = 4 + 1 = 5.

        Sample input 2:

           6
           1 2
           2 3
           2 4
           3 5
           3 6

        Vertex1 has degree 1 (only edge to 2). 
        Then d-1 = 0, so we remove 0 branches.
        Then answer = 0 + 1 = 1.

        Which matches.

        Sample input 3: 

           24
           3 6
           7 17
           7 20
           7 11
           14 18
           17 21
           6 19
           5 22
           9 24
           11 14
           6 23
           8 17
           9 12
           4 17
           2 15
           1 17
           3 9
           10 16
           7 13
           2 16
           1 16
           5 7
           1 3

        The answer is 12.

        Let me compute for sample input 3:

        We need to build the tree and find the neighbors of vertex 1 and the size of each branch.

        The tree has 24 nodes.

        The edges incident to vertex 1 (node 1) are:

           1-17, 1-16, 1-3

        So degree of vertex 1 is 3.

        We need to remove 2 branches (d-1=2).

        We need to find the size of the branch for each neighbor: 17, 16, 3.

        Then choose the 2 smallest branches and sum their sizes, then add 1.

        Let's find the branches:

        We'll build the tree and then do a BFS/DFS from vertex 1 to find the connected components for each neighbor.

        Steps:

          1. Build an adjacency list for the tree.
          2. Do a BFS/DFS from vertex 1 and mark the parent to avoid going back.
          3. For each neighbor of vertex 1, the branch size is the number of nodes in the subtree rooted at that neighbor (when we consider vertex 1 as the root).

        However, the branch for a neighbor u is the connected component containing u after removing vertex 1. 

        We can do:

          - Remove vertex 1.
          - Then the graph breaks into d connected components (each for a neighbor of vertex 1).
          - The size of the branch for u is the number of nodes in the component containing u.

        We can compute this by DFS/BFS from each neighbor, but that would be O(n) per neighbor.

        Alternatively, we can do a DFS from vertex 1 and for each neighbor, the size is the number of nodes in the subtree of that neighbor (if we root the tree at 1).

        Then, we take the d-1 smallest branch sizes (each branch size is the number of nodes in the branch, including the neighbor) and sum them, then add 1.

        Let's do it for sample input 3:

        The tree has 24 nodes and the edges are given.

        We'll build the tree and then do a DFS/BFS from node 1 to compute the size of each branch.

        However, the tree is given with edges not necessarily rooted at 1.

        We can do:

          graph = { ... }
          Then do a BFS/DFS starting from node 1, and for each neighbor, we can compute the size of the subtree.

        But note: the tree is undirected. 

        Alternatively, we can do:

          Let's remove node 1 and then the graph breaks into 3 components. We need to find the size of each component.

        We can do a BFS/DFS for the entire graph and then remove node 1 and then do BFS/DFS on the remaining graph for each component.

        But note: the graph has 24 nodes. 

        Steps for sample input 3:

          Build graph.
          Do a BFS starting from node 1 and mark the parent to avoid cycles.
          Then, for each neighbor of node 1, do a BFS/DFS in the graph without node 1 to get the connected component.

        Then, we have three branch sizes.

        Then, take the two smallest branch sizes and sum them, then add 1.

        But the answer is 12.

        Let me compute the branch sizes manually for sample input 3 is too time-consuming.

        Let me trust the method and write the code.

        Algorithm:

          Step 1: Build the graph.
          Step 2: From node 1, do a BFS/DFS to find all neighbors.
          Step 3: For each neighbor, compute the size of the connected component that contains that neighbor in the graph with node 1 removed.

          We can do: 
             - Create a new graph by removing node 1.
             - Then for each neighbor, do a BFS/DFS to compute the component size.

          But this is O(n) per component, and there can be up to n-1 components, so total O(n^2) which is not acceptable for n=300000.

        Alternatively, we can do one BFS/DFS from node 1 and then for each neighbor, the size is the number of nodes reached from that neighbor without going to node 1.

        We can do:

          - Do a BFS/DFS from node 1 and for each node, record the parent.
          - Then, for each neighbor of node 1, the branch size is the number of nodes in the subtree rooted at that neighbor (if we consider the tree rooted at 1).

        But wait, the tree is undirected. We can root the tree at node 1 and then for each neighbor, the size is the size of the subtree of that neighbor.

        We can do a DFS from node 1 and compute the size of the subtree for each node.

        Steps:

          Let's build the tree as an adjacency list.

          We'll do a DFS/BFS from node 1 and compute the size of the subtree for each node.

          For node 1, the size is the total nodes (24) minus 1 (node1) plus the sizes of its branches? 

          Actually, the entire tree has 24 nodes. Node 1 has several branches. The size of the branch for a neighbor u is the number of nodes in the connected component containing u after removing node1.

          We can compute the size for a node u (neighbor of 1) by DFS/BFS from u without using node1.

        But to avoid O(n^2), we can do:

          - Remove node1 and then do a BFS/DFS for each component. But that is O(n) per component, and there can be up to 24 components (in the worst-case, node1 has degree 24, and then we have 24 components). 

        However, the tree has only 24 nodes in sample input 3, but in the problem n can be up to 300000.

        We need an efficient method.

        Efficient method:

          We can do a DFS from node 1 and for each node, compute the size of the subtree (the entire tree rooted at node 1). 

          Then, for each neighbor u of node 1, the branch size is the size of the subtree of u (in the DFS tree rooted at 1).

          Why? 

          In the DFS tree rooted at 1, the subtree of u (a child of 1) is exactly the connected component containing u after removing node1.

        So steps:

          1. Build the graph.
          2. Do a DFS/BFS from node 1 to compute parent and then the size of the subtree for each node.

          3. For node 1, the answer is: 
                Let the branch sizes be the sizes of the subtrees of its neighbors.
                Then, we need to remove d-1 branches (the ones with the smallest sizes) and the cost is the sum of the branch sizes for those d-1 branches.
                Then, add 1 (for node1 itself).

          But wait, in the sample input 1:

            Node1 has two neighbors: 2 and 6.
            The size of the branch for 2 is the number of nodes in the subtree of 2 (in the DFS tree rooted at 1) = 4 (nodes 2,3,4,5).
            The size of the branch for 6 is 4 (nodes 6,7,8,9).

            Then, we need to remove 1 branch (d-1=1). Choose the smallest branch: both are 4, so choose one branch of size 4.
            Then total operations = 4 + 1 = 5.

          This matches.

          But why is the branch size the number of nodes in the subtree of the neighbor? 

          Because the branch is the connected component containing the neighbor after removing node1. In the DFS tree rooted at 1, the subtree of the neighbor is exactly that branch.

          Therefore, the algorithm:

            n = number of nodes.
            Build graph with n-1 edges.

            Use an adjacency list.

            Then, do a DFS/BFS from node 1 to compute the subtree sizes.

            Then, let branches = []
            For each neighbor u of node 1:
                branches.append(subtree_size[u])

            Sort branches, and take the smallest (d-1) branches (if d>=1).

            Then, answer = sum(smallest (d-1) branches) + 1

          Special case: if d==0, then vertex1 is isolated. Then we don't need to remove any branch. But the operation to remove vertex1 requires that it is a leaf. Degree 0 is a leaf. So answer = 1.

          But the constraints say n>=2, and vertex1 is given. In the input, vertex1 is always present.

          But note: if vertex1 has degree 0, then it is a leaf. Then we remove it in 1 operation.

          However, the input guarantees a tree with n>=2, and the edges are given. So vertex1 must have at least one edge? Not necessarily: if n=1, but n>=2. 

          In a tree with n>=2, vertex1 must have at least one edge? Not necessarily: if the tree has two nodes, vertex1 and vertex2, then vertex1 has one edge.

          But the constraint: 2<=N<=300000.

          So vertex1 has at least one edge.

          However, if the tree has two nodes, vertex1 has degree 1.

          But our method: d = degree of vertex1.

          We need to remove d-1 branches.

          For two-node tree: d=1, then remove 0 branches, answer = 0 + 1 = 1.

          Sample input 2: 
               6
               1 2
               2 3
               2 4
               3 5
               3 6

          Vertex1 has degree 1. 
          The branch for neighbor 2: size = number of nodes in the connected component containing 2 after removing 1.
          In this tree, the branch for 2 has 5 nodes (2,3,4,5,6). 
          Then answer = 0 (since d-1=0) + 1 = 1.

          But wait, the sample input 2: 
                6
                1 2
                2 3
                2 4
                3 5
                3 6

          Vertex1 is a leaf, so we can remove it in one operation. 

          But the branch for 2 has 5 nodes. We don't need to remove it. 

          The answer is 1.

          However, our method: 
                d=1, so we remove 0 branches, then add 1 -> 1.

          This is correct.

          Another example: two-node tree.

          Input: 
                2
                1 2

          Then vertex1 has degree 1.
          The branch for 2 has size 1 (node2).
          Then answer = 0 + 1 = 1.

          But wait, we remove node1 in 1 operation. 
          However, node1 is a leaf initially? 

          Initially, node1 has degree 1 (leaf) and node2 has degree 1 (leaf). 

          We can remove node1 in one operation.

          But our method: 
                d=1, remove 0 branches, then add 1 -> 1.

          This is correct.

        Therefore, the algorithm:

          Step 1: Read n and the edges.
          Step 2: Build the graph.
          Step 3: Do a BFS/DFS from node 1 to compute the subtree sizes for each node (including node1).

          However, note: the subtree size for node1 is the entire tree (n nodes). But for the branches, we only care about the neighbors of node1.

          We can compute the subtree size for node1 by DFS:

            Let's do a DFS from node 1.

            We'll have a parent array.

            For node1, the size is the sum of the sizes of its children's subtrees plus 1.

            But we don't need the size of node1. We need the sizes of the branches, which are the sizes of the subtrees of the children (neighbors) of node1.

          Steps for DFS:

            Let's define:

              graph: adjacency list.
              parent = {}
              size = [0]*(n+1)   # 1-indexed

            Then, do a DFS from node 1:

              def dfs(u, p):
                  parent[u] = p
                  size[u] = 1
                  for v in graph[u]:
                      if v == p: continue
                      dfs(v, u)
                      size[u] += size[v]

            Then, the size of the branch for neighbor v (child of 1) is size[v].

          But wait, in the DFS, the size[v] is the number of nodes in the subtree rooted at v (which is the branch).

          Then, let d = number of neighbors of node1.
          Let branches = [ size[v] for each neighbor v of node1 ]

          Then, sort branches, and take the smallest (d-1) branches.

          Then, answer = sum(smallest (d-1) branches) + 1

        Let's test with sample input 1:

          Nodes: 9
          Edges: 
            1-2, 2-3,2-4,2-5,1-6,6-7,7-8,7-9.

          Build graph (undirected):

            graph[1]: [2,6]
            graph[2]: [1,3,4,5]
            graph[6]: [1,7]
            graph[7]: [6,8,9]

          DFS from node1:

            Start at 1.
            Visit 2 and 6.

            For node2:
                Then visit 3,4,5 (children of 2).
                size[3]=1, size[4]=1, size[5]=1.
                size[2] = 1 + 1+1+1 = 4.

            For node6:
                Then visit 7.
                For node7:
                    Then visit 8,9.
                    size[8]=1, size[9]=1.
                    size[7]=1+1+1=3.
                size[6]=1+3=4.

            Then branches = [ size[2], size[6] ] = [4,4].

            d=2, so remove 1 branch: smallest is 4.
            answer = 4 + 1 = 5.

        Sample input 2:

          Nodes:6
          Edges: 
            1-2,2-3,2-4,3-5,3-6.

          DFS from node1:

            Start at 1, visit 2.
            For node2: 
                Visit 3,4 (children of 2).
                For node3:
                    Visit 5,6 (children of 3).
                    size[5]=1, size[6]=1.
                    size[3]=1+1+1=3.
                size[2]=1+3+1=5.
            Then branches = [5] (only one branch).

            d=1, remove 0 branches.
            answer = 0 + 1 = 1.

        Sample input 3: 

          We are told the answer is 12.

          We'll build the tree and do DFS from node1.

          The edges are given as:

            24
            3 6
            7 17
            7 20
            7 11
            14 18
            17 21
            6 19
            5 22
            9 24
            11 14
            6 23
            8 17
            9 12
            4 17
            2 15
            1 17
            3 9
            10 16
            7 13
            2 16
            1 16
            5 7
            1 3

          We need to build the graph and then do DFS from node1.

          However, the graph is not rooted. But we can do BFS/DFS from node1.

          We'll write the code to do so.

        Complexity: O(n)

        Let's code accordingly.

        Note: the graph is a tree, so no cycles.

        Steps in code:

          1. Parse input.
          2. Build graph (n+1 nodes, 1-indexed).
          3. Do a DFS/BFS from node 1 to compute the size of the subtree for each node.
          4. For node1, get its neighbors.
          5. For each neighbor, get the size of the subtree rooted at that neighbor (which is the branch size).
          6. Sort the branch sizes.
          7. Sum the smallest (d-1) branch sizes.
          8. Answer = that sum + 1.

        Let's hope sample input 3 gives 12.

        But note: the sample input 3 has 24 nodes. We are not going to compute manually.

        We'll write the code and hope.

        However, there is a catch: 

          In the DFS, we must avoid going back to the parent.

        We'll use a stack or recursion. Since n can be up to 300000, we might use iterative DFS or BFS.

        But the tree is large, so we use BFS (to avoid recursion depth issues).

        Alternatively, we can use a stack for DFS.

        Let's use a stack for DFS.

        Steps for DFS (iterative) to compute subtree sizes:

          stack = [1]
          parent = [0]*(n+1)
          size = [0]*(n+1)

          First, we'll do a BFS to set parent and then compute sizes.

          Actually, we can do:

            Use a stack for DFS:

            stack = [1]
            parent = [0]*(n+1)
            visited = [False]*(n+1)
            visited[1] = True

            Then, we can do:

            order = []
            stack = [1]
            while stack:
                u = stack.pop()
                order.append(u)
                for v in graph[u]:
                    if v == parent[u]: continue
                    parent[v] = u
                    stack.append(v)

            Then, we can compute the size in reverse order.

            for u in reversed(order):
                size[u] = 1
                for v in graph[u]:
                    if v == parent[u]: continue
                    size[u] += size[v]

        But we can also do iterative DFS with a stack that stores (node, parent) and then compute size.

        Alternatively, we can do:

            parent = [0]*(n+1)
            stack = [1]
            parent[1] = 0
            while stack:
                u = stack.pop()
                for v in graph[u]:
                    if v == parent[u]: continue
                    parent[v] = u
                    stack.append(v)

            Then, we can do a BFS in reverse order (from leaves to root) to compute size.

        Let's do:

            from collections import deque
            q = deque([1])
            parent = [0]*(n+1)
            parent[1] = 0
            children = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
            while q:
                u = q.popleft()
                for v in graph[u]:
                    if v == parent[u]: continue
                    parent[v] = u
                    children[u].append(v)
                    q.append(v)

            Then, we can do a BFS from the leaves (nodes with no children) to compute size.

            Actually, we can do:

            size = [0]*(n+1)
            q = deque()
            # We'll use a queue for topological sort (leaves first)
            degree = [0]*(n+1)
            for i in range(1, n+1):
                degree[i] = len(children[i])
                if degree[i] == 0:
                    q.append(i)

            Then, process from leaves to root.

            But we can also do:

            order = []
            q = deque([1])
            while q:
                u = q.popleft()
                order.append(u)
                for v in children[u]:
                    q.append(v)

            Then, reverse order to compute size.

        I'll use:

            Build parent and children with BFS (since tree, we can use BFS from 1).

            Then, do a BFS from 1 to get the order (children first).

            Actually, we can do a DFS from 1 to get the order.

        Let's do:

            from collections import deque
            graph = ... (1-indexed)

            n = number of nodes.
            parent = [0]*(n+1)
            children = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
            q = deque([1])
            parent[1] = 0
            while q:
                u = q.popleft()
                for v in graph[u]:
                    if v == parent[u]:
                        continue
                    parent[v] = u
                    children[u].append(v)
                    q.append(v)

            Then, to compute sizes, we can do a DFS from 1 (postorder):

            We'll do a stack-based DFS to get the order.

            Alternatively, we can do:

            size = [0]*(n+1)
            q = deque()
            # We'll use a stack for DFS to get the order in reverse.
            stack = [1]
            order = []
            while stack:
                u = stack.pop()
                order.append(u)
                for v in children[u]:
                    stack.append(v)

            Then, for u in reversed(order):
                size[u] = 1
                for v in children[u]:
                    size[u] += size[v]

            Then, the branch sizes for node1's neighbors are size[v] for each child v of node1.

        But note: node1's neighbors in the original graph are given by graph[1], but in the BFS we built children for node1.

        Actually, the children of node1 are the neighbors that are not its parent (which is 0). So they are all.

        Then, let d = len(children[1])

        Then, branches = [ size[v] for v in children[1] ]

        Then, sort branches, take the smallest (d-1) branches.

        Then, answer = sum(smallest (d-1) branches) + 1.

        Let's hope.

        We'll write the code accordingly.

        Note: There might be a performance issue if we use BFS and DFS for large n (300000) but these are linear.

        Let's code accordingly.

        One more sample: two-node tree.

          n=2, edges: [ (1,2) ]

          Build graph:
            graph[1] = [2]
            graph[2] = [1]

          BFS from 1:
            q = [1]
            parent[1]=0
            Then, from 1, visit 2. parent[2]=1, children[1]=[2], children[2]=[].

          Then, order = [1,2] (if we do DFS stack: [1] -> pop 1, then push 2; then pop 2 -> order=[1,2])
          Then, reversed order: [2,1]
            size[2] = 1.
            size[1] = 1 + size[2] = 2.

          But we only need the branch sizes for node1's children: [2] -> size[2]=1.

          Then, d=1, remove 0 branches, answer = 0 + 1 = 1.

        Correct.

        Now, sample input 3: answer should be 12.

        We'll run the code on sample input 3 and see if we get 12.

        But since we cannot run here, we'll trust.

        However, let me do a small part of sample input 3 manually.

        Sample input 3 has 24 nodes. The edges are given.

        We'll build the graph and then do BFS from node1.

        But the input is given in a specific format.

        The first line: 24
        Then 23 edges.

        We'll build the graph.

        Then, we need to find the neighbors of node1.

        The edges incident to node1 are:

          1 17
          1 16
          1 3

        So node1 has three neighbors: 17,16,3.

        Then, we need the sizes of the branches for 17,16,3.

        Then, we take the two smallest branches and sum them, then add 1.

        Let's hope the sum of the two smallest is 11, then answer=12.

        We'll assume the code is correct.

        Code accordingly.

        Note: The graph is undirected. When building the graph, add both ways.

        Let's write the code.

        We'll use sys.stdin for large inputs.

        Since n can be up to 300000, we use sys.stdin and list for graph.

        Steps:

          import sys
          from collections import deque

          data = sys.stdin.read().split()
          n = int(data[0])
          graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
          index = 1
          for i in range(n-1):
              u = int(data[index]); v = int(data[index+1]); index+=2
              graph[u].append(v)
              graph[v].append(u)

          Then, BFS from node1 to build parent and children.

          Then, DFS (stack) to get the order.

          Then, compute sizes.

          Then, extract the branch sizes.

          Then, compute answer.

        Let's code.

        But note: the tree might be large, so BFS and DFS are O(n).

        We'll use a deque for BFS and a list for DFS.

        Let's write the code.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine the minimum number of operations required to delete vertex 1 from a given tree. The operation involves repeatedly selecting a leaf vertex (a vertex with degree ≤ 1) and deleting it along with all its incident edges. The goal is to reduce vertex 1 to a leaf by deleting other vertices and then delete vertex 1 itself.

### Approach
1. **Tree Analysis**: The tree is an undirected graph with no cycles, ensuring a unique path between any two vertices. Vertex 1 must be reduced to a leaf (degree 1) before it can be deleted. This requires removing all but one of its incident edges.
2. **Subtree Sizes Calculation**: For each neighbor of vertex 1, compute the size of the subtree rooted at that neighbor. This subtree size represents the number of nodes in the connected component when vertex 1 is removed.
3. **Optimal Branch Removal**: To minimize operations, we need to remove the smallest subtrees first. The total operations required to reduce vertex 1's degree to 1 is the sum of the sizes of the smallest (degree - 1) subtrees, plus one operation to delete vertex 1 itself.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    
    n = int(data[0])
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    index = 1
    for _ in range(n-1):
        u = int(data[index])
        v = int(data[index+1])
        index += 2
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
        
    parent = [0] * (n+1)
    children = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    q = deque([1])
    parent[1] = 0
    while q:
        u = q.popleft()
        for v in graph[u]:
            if v == parent[u]:
                continue
            parent[v] = u
            children[u].append(v)
            q.append(v)
            
    stack = [1]
    order = []
    while stack:
        u = stack.pop()
        order.append(u)
        for v in children[u]:
            stack.append(v)
            
    size = [0] * (n+1)
    for node in reversed(order):
        size[node] = 1
        for child in children[node]:
            size[node] += size[child]
            
    branches = []
    for child in children[1]:
        branches.append(size[child])
        
    branches.sort()
    d = len(children[1])
    total_remove = sum(branches[:d-1]) if d > 1 else 0
    answer = total_remove + 1
    print(answer)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Input Parsing**: The input is read and parsed into a graph represented as an adjacency list.
2. **Tree Traversal**: Using BFS, we traverse the tree starting from vertex 1 to establish parent-child relationships, which helps in identifying the structure of the tree.
3. **Subtree Size Calculation**: Using DFS, we compute the size of each subtree rooted at every node. This is done by processing nodes in reverse order of their discovery during the BFS traversal.
4. **Branch Processing**: For each neighbor of vertex 1, the size of the subtree rooted at that neighbor is collected. These sizes are sorted to prioritize removing the smallest subtrees first.
5. **Result Calculation**: The sum of the sizes of the smallest (degree - 1) subtrees gives the number of operations needed to reduce vertex 1's degree to 1. Adding one more operation to delete vertex 1 itself gives the final answer.

This approach efficiently minimizes the number of operations by leveraging tree properties and optimal subtree removal, ensuring vertex 1 is deleted in the least steps possible.