=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
AtCoder Inc. sells T-shirts with its logo.
You are given Takahashi's schedule for N days as a string S of length N consisting of 0, 1, and 2.
Specifically, for an integer i satisfying 1\leq i\leq N,

- if the i-th character of S is 0, he has no plan scheduled for the i-th day;
- if the i-th character of S is 1, he plans to go out for a meal on the i-th day;
- if the i-th character of S is 2, he plans to attend a competitive programming event on the i-th day.

Takahashi has M plain T-shirts, all washed and ready to wear just before the first day.
In addition, to be able to satisfy the following conditions, he will buy several AtCoder logo T-shirts.

- On days he goes out for a meal, he will wear a plain or logo T-shirt.
- On days he attends a competitive programming event, he will wear a logo T-shirt.
- On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point. He can wear them again from the next day onwards.
- Once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it.

Determine the minimum number of T-shirts he needs to buy to be able to wear appropriate T-shirts on all scheduled days during the N days. If he does not need to buy new T-shirts, print 0.
Assume that the purchased T-shirts are also washed and ready to use just before the first day.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
S

Output

Print the minimum number of T-shirts Takahashi needs to buy to be able to satisfy the conditions in the problem statement.
If he does not need to buy new T-shirts, print 0.

Constraints


- 1\leq M\leq N\leq 1000
- S is a string of length N consisting of 0, 1, and 2.
- N and M are integers.

Sample Input 1

6 1
112022

Sample Output 1

2

If Takahashi buys two logo T-shirts, he can wear T-shirts as follows:

- On the first day, he wears a logo T-shirt to go out for a meal.
- On the second day, he wears a plain T-shirt to go out for a meal.
- On the third day, he wears a logo T-shirt to attend a competitive programming event.
- On the fourth day, he has no plans, so he washes all the worn T-shirts. This allows him to reuse the T-shirts worn on the first, second, and third days.
- On the fifth day, he wears a logo T-shirt to attend a competitive programming event.
- On the sixth day, he wears a logo T-shirt to attend a competitive programming event.

If he buys one or fewer logo T-shirts, he cannot use T-shirts to meet the conditions no matter what. Hence, print 2.

Sample Input 2

3 1
222

Sample Output 2

3

Sample Input 3

2 1
01

Sample Output 3

0

He does not need to buy new T-shirts.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 Okay, let's break down the problem:

 Conditions:
 - On days with '1' (meal): can wear plain or logo.
 - On days with '2' (event): must wear logo.
 - On days with '0': no T-shirt is worn, and all T-shirts are washed (so they can be reused from the next day).

 We have M plain T-shirts (which are distinct from the logo ones) and we can buy some logo T-shirts.

 However, note that the plain T-shirts can only be used on meal days (1) and cannot be used on event days (2).

 Since the plain T-shirts are given (M) and we can buy logo T-shirts, we need to figure out the minimum number of logo T-shirts to buy so that we can cover all event days and also the meal days that are not covered by the plain T-shirts, considering that T-shirts (both plain and logo) can be reused after washing.

 Important: On days with no plans (0), all worn T-shirts are washed. This means that after a 0-day, we can reuse T-shirts from before.

 However, note that we have two types: plain and logo. But the problem does not specify that the plain T-shirts are washed separately? Actually, the condition says: "he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point". So both types are washed.

 But note: the problem says that he has M plain T-shirts (which are initially washed and ready). We are allowed to buy logo T-shirts (also initially washed and ready).

 The challenge: We need to cover all days (with the appropriate T-shirt) and we can reuse T-shirts after washing. The catch is that:

 - On event days (2) we must use a logo T-shirt. We can only use a logo T-shirt if we have one (either bought or initially provided by the store? Actually, note: the M plain T-shirts are not logo. So we have to buy at least the number of events if M is not enough? But wait, we have M plain T-shirts, but they are not logo. So for event days, we must use a logo T-shirt. Therefore, the number of logo T-shirts available (from purchase) must be at least the number of event days.

 However, there's more: On meal days (1), we can use either plain or logo. But if we use a logo T-shirt on a meal day, then that logo T-shirt is used and then washed on the next 0-day (if any) or at the end. But if there are consecutive meal days, we can reuse the same logo T-shirt? Actually, we can use the same logo T-shirt multiple times as long as we wash it in between. But note: the washing happens only on 0-days. So if there are no 0-days between two uses, then the same T-shirt cannot be used again.

 However, the problem does not require that we use a T-shirt only once during the entire period, but only that once worn, it cannot be worn again until washed. And washing happens on 0-days.

 But note: we have a fixed number of plain T-shirts (M) that are available initially. We are not told that these plain T-shirts are distinct from the ones we buy? Actually, the problem says "he has M plain T-shirts", and then "buy several AtCoder logo T-shirts". So they are separate.

 However, the plain T-shirts are only useful for meal days. But if we have more than one plain T-shirt, we can use the same one again after washing. The same for logo T-shirts.

 The key is: we can use the same T-shirt (whether plain or logo) multiple times as long as we wash it in between. But for event days, we must use a logo T-shirt, so we need enough logo T-shirts to cover the event days. For meal days, we can use either, but if we use a logo T-shirt, then that logo T-shirt must be available (from the bought ones) and must not be in use at the same time.

 However, note: the problem does not specify that the T-shirts are distinguishable, but we are counting the number of T-shirts (so each T-shirt is an item).

 Steps:

 1. Count the number of event days (2). Let this be E. Then we need at least E logo T-shirts (because each event day requires one, and we cannot use a plain T-shirt for that). So if we buy X logo T-shirts, then X must be >= E.

 2. The remaining days that require T-shirts are the meal days (1) that are not covered by the plain T-shirts. But note: we can use the same logo T-shirt multiple times (after washing) and also we have the plain T-shirts that can be used on meal days.

 However, the catch is that T-shirts (both plain and logo) are washed only on 0-days. So if there are consecutive days without a 0-day, then we cannot reuse a T-shirt that was worn on a previous day (unless we have multiple copies).

 But note: we have a fixed number of plain T-shirts (M). We can use each plain T-shirt multiple times, but we cannot use the same plain T-shirt on two consecutive days without a wash (unless there is a 0-day in between). However, we have M distinct plain T-shirts. So if we have M=2, then we can use two different plain T-shirts on two consecutive days (without a 0-day) and then wash them on a 0-day. But if there is no 0-day, then we cannot reuse a plain T-shirt from two days ago.

 Actually, the problem states: "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." 

 So the washing happens only on 0-days. Therefore, the maximum number of days a T-shirt (whether plain or logo) can be worn without washing is until the next 0-day.

 However, we are allowed to use the same T-shirt again after a 0-day. So the constraint is: we cannot use the same T-shirt on two days that are separated by less than one day without a 0-day? Actually, no: if we wear a T-shirt on day i, then the next time we can use it is after a 0-day. So if we have a 0-day on day j (j>i), then we can reuse the T-shirt from day j+1.

 But note: we are not forced to wash immediately. The condition is that once worn, it cannot be worn again until washed. And washing only happens on 0-days. So if we wear a T-shirt on day i, then we can wear it again on day j (j>i) only if there is a 0-day between i and j? Actually, no: the washing happens on the 0-day, and then the T-shirt is clean. But the rule is: "he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point" on 0-days. This means that the T-shirts worn on the 0-day are washed, and then they are available for the next day.

 However, if we wear a T-shirt on a non-0-day, then until the next 0-day, we cannot wear it again. But if there is no 0-day, then we can never reuse that T-shirt.

 But note: the problem says that on 0-days, he washes all worn T-shirts. So if we wear a T-shirt on day i (which is not 0), then we can wear it again only after a 0-day (i.e., from the next day after a 0-day). However, we are allowed to wear a T-shirt again the next day if that day is not a 0-day? Actually, no: because the condition says "Once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it." And washing happens only on 0-days. So if we wear a T-shirt on day i, then the next time we can wear it is on a day that is after a 0-day (which could be the same T-shirt being worn again after a 0-day, but note: we can also wear multiple T-shirts on a day? Actually, the problem doesn't specify, but we are only concerned with one T-shirt per day? Actually, the problem says "wear appropriate T-shirts" (singular) for each day.

 So the rule is: each day we wear one T-shirt (if there is a plan) or none (on 0). And we cannot wear the same T-shirt on two consecutive days without washing (i.e., without a 0-day in between).

 But note: we have multiple T-shirts. We can use different T-shirts on different days and then reuse them.

 The problem reduces to:

 We have two types of T-shirts: 
   - Plain T-shirts: M available (each can be used for meal days, and they are washed on 0-days, so they can be reused after a 0-day).
   - Logo T-shirts: we can buy some (each must be used for event days, and they are washed on 0-days).

 However, we can also use logo T-shirts for meal days (if we have extra). But why would we? Because if we use a logo T-shirt on a meal day, then we can use it again (after washing) and that might help cover event days that are separated by non-0 days.

 But note: we must cover event days. The minimal requirement for logo T-shirts is E (the number of event days). However, if we use a logo T-shirt on a meal day, then we are using one of the logo T-shirts for a non-event day, which might force us to have more event days? Actually, no: we are required to have at least E logo T-shirts (because each event day requires one). But if we use a logo T-shirt on a meal day, then we are using one of the logo T-shirts that we bought, and that same logo T-shirt can be used for an event day if available.

 However, the problem is that we might have to use a logo T-shirt for a meal day because we don't have enough plain T-shirts to cover the meal days.

 But wait: we have M plain T-shirts. We can use each plain T-shirt multiple times, but the constraint is that we cannot use the same plain T-shirt on two days that are separated by less than one 0-day? Actually, we can use the same plain T-shirt again after a 0-day. The real constraint is that we have M distinct plain T-shirts. So if we have M=3, then we can use up to 3 different plain T-shirts, but each plain T-shirt can be reused after a 0-day. However, we can also use the same plain T-shirt multiple times (if there is a 0-day in between) and that same T-shirt can be used for multiple meal days.

 Actually, the plain T-shirts are not limited by the number of days? Because we have M distinct T-shirts. Each T-shirt can be used repeatedly, provided we wash it. But we have M distinct ones. So the total number of meal days that can be covered by plain T-shirts is unlimited? Not exactly: because we might need to use the same T-shirt for consecutive days without a 0-day, but we have M distinct T-shirts. So if we have M=3, then we can cover up to 3 distinct days without a 0-day? Actually, no: we can use the same T-shirt multiple times. The constraint is that we cannot use the same T-shirt on two days without a 0-day in between. But we have M T-shirts, so we can use one T-shirt per day for up to M consecutive days (if there is no 0-day) and then we need to use a different T-shirt (if we don't have a 0-day) or reuse the ones we washed.

 However, note: the plain T-shirts are initially M. We can use each one multiple times, but we must wash them. The washing happens on 0-days. So the only constraint for using the same plain T-shirt is that we cannot use it two days in a row without a 0-day. But if we have M=1, then we can use that one plain T-shirt for a meal day, then on the next day (if it's a meal day) we can use it again only if there was a 0-day in between? Actually, no: the rule is that once worn, it cannot be worn again until washed. So if we use the same plain T-shirt on day i, then we must have a 0-day between day i and the next use. So for M=1, we can use the same plain T-shirt on day i and then again on day j (j>i) only if there is at least one 0-day between i and j.

 Now, the problem is: we have to cover all days (both meal and event) with the available T-shirts (M plain and X logo). We need to find the minimum X (the number of logo T-shirts to buy) such that we can cover all event days (each event day requires a distinct logo T-shirt, and the same logo T-shirt can be used multiple times if washed) and for meal days, we can use either plain or logo.

 But note: the event days must be covered by logo T-shirts. And we can use a logo T-shirt for a meal day as well, but then we are using that logo T-shirt and it becomes unavailable for the next event day until washed (if there is no 0-day, then we cannot reuse it). 

 However, the problem does not require that we use the same T-shirt for consecutive days. We can use different T-shirts (either plain or logo) on consecutive days.

 The challenge is to model the usage over the N days, given that:

 - We have M plain T-shirts (each can be used repeatedly, but we cannot use the same plain T-shirt on two consecutive days without a wash, i.e., without a 0-day in between).
 - We have X logo T-shirts (each can be used repeatedly, but we cannot use the same logo T-shirt on two consecutive days without a wash, and also note that the logo T-shirts are required for event days).

 Actually, the constraint for consecutive days applies to both types: we cannot use the same T-shirt (whether plain or logo) on two days that are not separated by a 0-day. However, we have multiple T-shirts, so we can use different T-shirts on consecutive days.

 The problem becomes: we need to assign T-shirts (from the available ones) to each day (with the condition that event days must be assigned a logo T-shirt and meal days can be assigned plain or logo) such that:

 1. The same T-shirt (plain or logo) is not used on two consecutive days (without a 0-day in between) — but note: if two days are separated by a 0-day, then we can reuse the same T-shirt.

 However, note: the washing happens on 0-days, and then the T-shirt is clean and can be reused from the next day. So the constraint is that we cannot use the same T-shirt on two days that are consecutive (without a 0-day) because that would require not washing it in between.

 But actually, the rule is: once worn, cannot be worn again until washed. And washing only happens on 0-days. So if two days are separated by a 0-day, then the T-shirt is washed and can be reused. If two days are consecutive, then no washing occurs on the second day (if the second day is not 0) and so the same T-shirt cannot be used.

 However, we have multiple T-shirts. The problem is similar to scheduling tasks (days) with two types (event and meal) and two sets of resources (plain and logo) and the constraint that the same resource (each T-shirt) cannot be used consecutively without washing.

 But note: the plain T-shirts are M distinct ones. Each distinct plain T-shirt can be used independently. Similarly for logo.

 However, the problem is that we are allowed to use the same plain T-shirt again after a 0-day, and we have M of them. So the plain T-shirts can cover meal days, but the constraint is that if we use a particular plain T-shirt on day i, then we cannot use it on day i+1 unless there is a 0-day on day i+1 (which would then wash it, so we can use it on day i+2). But note: the condition for the plain T-shirt is the same as for the logo T-shirt: we cannot use the same T-shirt on two consecutive days (without a 0-day in between).

 Therefore, the problem can be broken down as:

 Let:
   E = number of '2's in S
   D1 = number of '1's in S

 Then, we must have at least E logo T-shirts (because event days require logo and we cannot use a plain for event).

 For the meal days (D1), we can use either plain or logo. However, the total usage of logo T-shirts (for both event and meal) must not exceed the capacity of the logo T-shirts (which is X, and each can be used repeatedly but with the constraint of consecutive days without 0).

 But note: the constraint on consecutive days for the same T-shirt (whether plain or logo) is independent for each T-shirt. However, we have multiple T-shirts (M for plain and X for logo). The constraint is that for a particular T-shirt, we cannot use it two days in a row (without a 0-day). But we can use different T-shirts on consecutive days.

 This is similar to a graph where we have two sets of nodes (plain and logo) and edges representing days. But that might be too abstract.

 Alternatively, we can think greedily:

 We have two types of T-shirts. We are free to assign either type to a meal day, but event days must be assigned to logo.

 The problem is to find the minimum X (number of logo T-shirts) such that:

 1. X >= E (because we have E event days).

 2. The entire schedule (all days) can be covered without violating the consecutive day rule for the same T-shirt.

 However, the consecutive day rule: for each T-shirt (whether plain or logo), we cannot use it on two consecutive days (without a 0-day in between). But note: if two days are separated by a 0-day, then we can reuse the same T-shirt.

 Actually, the consecutive day rule for the same T-shirt is: the same T-shirt cannot be used on two consecutive days (because there is no 0-day in between). But if two days are separated by at least one day (which is 0), then we can reuse the same T-shirt.

 But note: the washing happens on 0-days. So if we use a T-shirt on day i, then we can use it again on day i+2 (if day i+1 is not 0) because day i+1 is not a wash day? Actually, no: the condition is that we must wait until the T-shirt is washed. And washing only happens on 0-days. So if we use a T-shirt on day i, then the next time we can use it is after a 0-day (so day j where j>i and the day between i and j must include a 0-day? Actually, the T-shirt is washed on the 0-day, so the next day (the day after the 0-day) we can use it. But if we use it on day i, and then the next day i+1 is not 0, then we cannot use it on day i+1. Then on day i+2, if there was a 0-day on day i+1? No, the washing happens on the 0-day. So if we have:

   Day i: use T-shirt A (meal or event)
   Day i+1: not 0 -> no wash, so T-shirt A is still "worn" (in the sense that it cannot be used again until washed) -> so we cannot use A on day i+1.
   Day i+2: if day i+1 was not 0, then we cannot use A on day i+2 either? Actually, no: the rule is "once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it." The washing happens only on 0-days. So if we wear A on day i, then the next time we can wear A is after the next 0-day (which might be after day i+2). 

 Therefore, the constraint for a T-shirt is: it can be used at most once in any consecutive segment without a 0-day. But note: we have multiple T-shirts. 

 However, the problem is: we are allowed to use different T-shirts (from the M plain and X logo) to cover the days. The minimal requirement is:

 - For event days: we need one logo T-shirt per event day (and we can reuse a logo T-shirt after a 0-day, but we must have a distinct logo T-shirt for each event day if they are not separated by a 0-day? Actually, no: one logo T-shirt can be used for multiple event days as long as they are separated by 0-days. But if two event days are consecutive, then we need two distinct logo T-shirts (because we cannot reuse the same one without washing, and there's no 0-day in between).

 Actually, for event days, since they require a logo T-shirt, and we have X logo T-shirts, the constraint for the event days is:

   The event days must be covered by the X logo T-shirts, and the same logo T-shirt cannot be used on two consecutive event days (without a 0-day in between). But note: between two event days, there might be non-event days (which are either 0, 1, or nothing). If there is a 0-day between two event days, then we can reuse the same logo T-shirt.

 But wait, the problem does not require that we use the same logo T-shirt for consecutive event days. We can use the same logo T-shirt for two event days as long as they are separated by at least one 0-day.

 However, the minimal number of logo T-shirts required is the maximum number of event days that occur consecutively (without any 0-day) because in a consecutive block of event days, we need one logo T-shirt per event day (and they must be distinct for consecutive event days). 

 Example: 
   "222" (Sample Input 2): 3 event days in a row. Then we need 3 logo T-shirts (since we cannot reuse the same one for consecutive days without washing, and there is no 0-day to wash in between). 

 Similarly, for the entire schedule, the minimal number of logo T-shirts needed is the maximum consecutive event days (without any 0-day) in the entire string? 

 Actually, consider: 
   S = "2202": 
        Day1: event -> requires a logo T-shirt (say T1)
        Day2: event -> requires a different logo T-shirt (T2) because we cannot reuse T1 without washing (and there's no 0-day between day1 and day2, so we cannot wash T1 on day2).
        Day3: 0 -> wash all T-shirts, so T1 and T2 are washed.
        Day4: event -> can use T1 again.

 But note: we can use T1 again on day4 because day3 is 0. So the consecutive event days (without any 0-day) are the ones that require distinct T-shirts.

 Therefore, the minimal number of logo T-shirts required is the maximum length of consecutive '2's (without any '0' in between) in the string S.

 However, note: there might be non-event days (like '1' or even more '2's) in between? Actually, consecutive event days (without any 0-day) is defined as a contiguous segment of '2's (without any 0). But note: the string might have '1's in between? 

 Let me clarify: the condition for reusing a logo T-shirt is that we must have a 0-day (any 0-day) between two uses. But the event days are only '2'. The days in between two event days can be any day (0,1, or even more 2's). However, if there is a 0-day between two event days, then we can reuse the same logo T-shirt. But if there is no 0-day between two event days (even if they are separated by a '1'), then we cannot reuse the same logo T-shirt.

 Example: 
   S = "212": 
        Day1: event (2) -> use T1
        Day2: meal (1) -> can use a plain or logo. But if we use a logo, then we are using a logo T-shirt for a meal day. But for event days, we must use a logo. 
        Day3: event (2) -> can we reuse T1? 

        The rule: once worn, cannot be worn again until washed. And washing happens only on 0-days. There is no 0-day between day1 and day3. So we cannot reuse T1 on day3.

        But wait, what if we use a different logo T-shirt (T2) for day3? Then we don't need to wash T1 on day2. However, note: the washing happens only on 0-days. On day2, we are not washing. So if we use T2 on day3, that's allowed.

        However, the constraint for the same logo T-shirt is independent. We are allowed to use the same logo T-shirt only if there was a 0-day between the two uses. In this case, there isn't, so we cannot use T1 again. But we can use T2 (if we have two) or if we only have one logo T-shirt (X=1) then we cannot use it again (so we would need to use T1 again, which is not allowed). 

        But wait, what if we use T1 on day1 and then on day3 we use T1 again? That is not allowed because there was no 0-day in between. So we need a different logo T-shirt for day3.

        Therefore, for event days that are separated by non-0 days (any day that is not 0) we cannot reuse the same logo T-shirt. 

        Actually, the rule is: we can only reuse a logo T-shirt after a 0-day (any 0-day). So even if the days between two event days are not 0, but if there is a 0-day later (not necessarily adjacent) then we can reuse the same T-shirt. 

        Let me correct: the washing happens on every 0-day. So if we use a logo T-shirt on day i, then it is washed on every subsequent 0-day (from day i+1 onward). Therefore, after a 0-day, the T-shirt is clean and can be reused. 

        Example: S = "2102"
          Day1: event -> use T1
          Day2: meal -> use T1 again? But wait, we cannot use T1 again because we just wore it and the next day (day2) is not 0, so we haven't washed it. So we cannot use T1 on day2. We must use a different T-shirt (if we have one) or wait until a 0-day.

          Day3: 0 -> wash all T-shirts (so T1 is clean).
          Day4: event -> can use T1 again.

        But note: we are allowed to use the same T-shirt again after a 0-day, even if we used it the day before the 0-day? Actually, the washing happens on the 0-day, so the T-shirt worn on the day before (day2) is also washed. But the problem says: "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." 

        This means: on day3 (0), he doesn't wear any T-shirt, but he washes all T-shirts that were worn at that point. The "at that point" probably refers to the T-shirts that were worn on day3? But he doesn't wear any. 

        Actually, the problem says: "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." 

        The word "at that point" is ambiguous. But typically, the washing is done for the T-shirts that were worn on that day (but he doesn't wear any). 

        Let me read the problem statement again: "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point."

        The phrase "at that point" might refer to the entire period up to that day? Or only the current day? 

        The intended meaning is: at the end of the day (or the beginning of the next day) he washes all T-shirts that were worn on that day. But since he doesn't wear any T-shirts on a 0-day, then no T-shirt is washed on a 0-day? 

        However, that would be inconsistent with the sample: 

        Sample Input 1: 
          6 1
          112022

        The sample says: 
          On the fourth day (0), he washes all the worn T-shirts (from the first, second, and third days). 

        This implies that the washing is done at the end of the 0-day, and it washes all T-shirts that were worn on the previous days? Or is it that the T-shirts are washed at the end of the entire period? 

        Actually, the sample explanation says: "On the fourth day, he has no plans, so he washes all the worn T-shirts. This allows him to reuse the T-shirts worn on the first, second, and third days."

        So the washing on a 0-day does not depend on the current day's wear, but rather accumulates? 

        But then the problem statement says: "he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." 

        The key is: "at that point" meaning at the end of the 0-day, all T-shirts that have been worn (from the beginning until that point) are washed? 

        Actually, no. The problem says: "Once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it." And washing happens on 0-days. But note: the washing happens at the 0-day, and it is stated that he washes all T-shirts worn at that point (the entire period up to that point). 

        However, the sample explanation only mentions washing the T-shirts from the first, second, and third days (the previous days) on the fourth day (0). 

        This implies that the washing is cumulative: all T-shirts that have been used (from day 1 to day 3) are washed on day 4. 

        But then what about the T-shirts worn on day 4? None. 

        And then the next day (day5) we can use the T-shirts from day1,2,3,4 (but day4 we didn't wear any) so only day1,2,3.

        However, the problem statement says: "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." 

        The word "at that point" likely means at the end of that day (the 0-day), all T-shirts that were worn on any day up to and including that day are washed? But then the sample says "washed all the worn T-shirts" (from the first, second, and third days) — meaning excluding the current day (since no T-shirt was worn on day4). 

        But the problem does not specify if the washing is for the entire history or just the current day. 

        Clarification from the sample: On day4, he washes the T-shirts from the first three days. 

        This suggests that the washing on a 0-day is for all T-shirts that were worn in the past (from the beginning until day3) and not just the current day. 

        However, then the condition "once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it" would be satisfied by the 0-day washing of the entire history. 

        But then, what is the role of the 0-day? It is to reset all T-shirts to clean. 

        Let me re-read the problem statement: 
          "On days with no plans, he will not wear any T-shirts. Also, he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point."

        The word "at that point" is ambiguous. But the sample explanation clarifies: the 0-day washes all T-shirts that were worn (presumably from the start until that day).

        However, the problem statement also says: "he will wash all T-shirts worn at that point." — meaning at that point in time (the end of the 0-day), all T-shirts that were worn (in the entire schedule) are washed? 

        Actually, that would mean that after a 0-day, all T-shirts become clean, regardless of when they were worn. 

        Then the constraint is: we cannot wear the same T-shirt twice without a 0-day in between (any 0-day, even if not consecutive). 

        Example: 
          S = "2202"
          Day1: event -> use T1 (a logo T-shirt)
          Day2: event -> cannot use T1 again (because we haven't had a 0-day in between) -> use T2 (another logo T-shirt)
          Day3: 0 -> washes all T-shirts (so T1 and T2 are clean)
          Day4: event -> can use T1 again.

        But note: we had two event days (day1 and day2) without a 0-day in between, so we needed two distinct logo T-shirts for that period.

        Now, if we have a longer period without a 0-day, we need as many logo T-shirts as the maximum number of event days that occur consecutively (without any 0-day) in the entire string? 

        Actually, the condition is: we can reuse a logo T-shirt only after a 0-day (any 0-day). So if we have a block of consecutive event days (without any 0-day) of length L, then we need L distinct logo T-shirts for that block.

        Similarly, for plain T-shirts, we can reuse a plain T-shirt only after a 0-day (any 0-day) and we have M distinct plain T-shirts. 

        But note: the plain T-shirts are only used for meal days (1). 

        So the problem breaks down into:

        Let E = total event days (count of '2')
        Let M0 = M (the number of plain T-shirts)

        We need to buy X logo T-shirts, where X must be at least the maximum consecutive event days (without any 0-day) in the string.

        However, consider: what if there are multiple blocks of event days (separated by non-event days that are not 0)? 

        Example: S = "202"
          Block1: day1 (event) -> needs 1 logo T-shirt.
          Then a 0-day (day2) which resets everything.
          Block2: day3 (event) -> needs 1 logo T-shirt.

        So the maximum consecutive event days (without any 0-day) is 1.

        Now, what if the string is "220022"? 
          Block1: "22" -> needs 2 consecutive logo T-shirts (because two consecutive event days without 0 in between).
          Then two 0-days, which reset everything.
          Block2: "22" -> needs 2 consecutive logo T-shirts.

        So the minimal X must be at least 2.

        But note: the two blocks are separated by two 0-days. We can reuse the same two logo T-shirts for both blocks.

        Therefore, the minimal number of logo T-shirts is the maximum length of consecutive event days (without any 0-day) in the entire string.

        However, we also have to consider that we can use logo T-shirts for meal days. But using a logo T-shirt for a meal day might help in covering event days that are not consecutive? 

        Actually, no: the requirement for event days is that they must be covered by a distinct logo T-shirt for each event day that is consecutive (without a 0-day) in the same block. 

        But if we use a logo T-shirt for a meal day, then that logo T-shirt is used and then we cannot use it for an event day that is consecutive (without a 0-day) unless we wash it. However, the washing happens on 0-days. 

        Example: 
          S = "212"
          We have two event days (day1 and day3) and one meal day (day2). 
          The event days are separated by a meal day (which is not 0). 
          We need two distinct logo T-shirts for the two event days (because there is no 0-day between them). 

        But if we use a logo T-shirt for the meal day, then we are using one of the two logo T-shirts (say T1) for the meal day. Then on day3, we need a logo T-shirt for the event. We can use T2 (the other one) or if we only have one logo T-shirt (X=1) then we cannot use T1 again (because we used it on day2 and there was no 0-day to wash it) and we don't have T2, so we fail.

        However, we are allowed to use the same logo T-shirt for the meal day and then not use it for the event day if we have a different one. 

        The key is: the minimal number of logo T-shirts is the maximum consecutive event days (without any 0-day) in the string. 

        But note: the entire string might have event days and meal days mixed. The consecutive event days (without any 0-day) is defined as a maximal substring of consecutive '2's (without any '0')? Actually, no: the consecutive event days (without any 0-day) is defined as a maximal sequence of event days that are consecutive in the string and separated by non-0 days (which can be '1' or even other event days? Actually, no: the definition is simply that there is no 0-day in between. So a block of event days (even if separated by non-event days) as long as there is no 0-day in between? 

        Actually, the condition for reusing a logo T-shirt is that we must have a 0-day between two uses. Therefore, two event days are in the same block if they are separated by any number of non-0 days? 

        Example: S = "212" -> two event days separated by a '1'. There is no 0-day. So they are consecutive in the sense of the condition? 

        Actually, no: the condition for reusing a logo T-shirt is that we must have a 0-day between two uses. The '1' does not count as a 0-day. So the two event days in "212" are not separated by a 0-day, so we need two distinct logo T-shirts.

        Therefore, the consecutive event days (without any 0-day) is defined as: we break the string by 0-days, and then in each segment (which may contain '1's and '2's) we count the maximum number of consecutive '2's? 

        Actually, no: the condition is not about consecutive '2's, but about any two event days that are not separated by a 0-day. 

        But note: if we have "212", then the two event days are not separated by a 0-day, so they are in the same "event block" (without a 0-day in between). 

        However, if we have "202", then the two event days are separated by a 0-day, so they are in different blocks.

        Therefore, the minimal number of logo T-shirts required is the maximum length of any contiguous block of event days (where contiguous means separated only by non-0 days) in the entire string? 

        Actually, no: consider "212" -> two event days separated by a non-0 day (1) -> they are not separated by a 0-day, so they are consecutive in the sense of requiring distinct T-shirts. 

        We can define: 
          Let B be the entire string.
          We can split the string by '0' characters. Then, in each segment (which does not contain '0'), we count the number of event days (the '2's) and also consider that the event days in the same segment (separated by non-0 days) are consecutive in the sense of the condition (i.e., they must be assigned distinct T-shirts if they are not separated by a 0-day). 

        Actually, wait: the condition is that we cannot reuse a T-shirt without a 0-day. So if two event days are in the same segment (i.e., between two 0-days or at the beginning/end) then they are consecutive in the sense that there is no 0-day between them. 

        Therefore, the minimal number of logo T-shirts required is the maximum number of event days that appear in any one segment (where segments are separated by 0-days). 

        Example: 
          S = "220022" -> segments: "22", "22" -> each segment has 2 event days -> so we need at least 2 logo T-shirts.

          S = "212" -> one segment: "212" -> contains 2 event days -> so we need 2.

          S = "202" -> two segments: "2", "2" -> each segment has 1 event day -> so we need 1.

        But wait, what if a segment has both event days and meal days? 

        Example: S = "212" -> segment "212": 
          We have two event days. We need two distinct logo T-shirts for these two event days.

        But what if we have more event days in a segment? 

        Example: S = "2212" -> segment "2212": 
          The event days are at positions 0,1, and 3 (if we consider the segment as a substring). We need to cover these three event days. Since they are not separated by a 0-day, we need three distinct logo T-shirts.

        However, note: the event days are not necessarily consecutive in the segment. But the condition is: we cannot reuse a T-shirt without a 0-day. So even if two event days are separated by a non-0 day (like a '1'), we still cannot reuse the same T-shirt. 

        Therefore, the entire segment (without any 0-day) must be covered by distinct T-shirts for each event day.

        But note: we can use the same T-shirt for two event days if they are separated by a 0-day, but if they are in the same segment (i.e., separated by non-0 days) then we cannot.

        Therefore, the minimal number of logo T-shirts is the maximum number of event days in any contiguous segment (where contiguous segment is separated by 0-days). 

        However, note: the entire string is split by '0' characters. Then, in each segment, count the number of '2's. The maximum count among these segments is the minimal number of logo T-shirts required.

        But wait: what if we have a segment with no event days? Then we don't need any logo T-shirt for that segment. 

        Example: S = "201" -> segments: "2", "1" -> the first segment has 1 event day -> needs 1 logo T-shirt.

        Now, what about the meal days? 

        We have M plain T-shirts. The meal days can be covered by either plain or logo. 

        However, if we use a logo T-shirt for a meal day, then that logo T-shirt is used and then we cannot use it for an event day (if they are consecutive without a 0-day). 

        But note: the plain T-shirts are only used for meal days. 

        The catch: we have a total of M plain T-shirts (distinct) and X logo T-shirts (distinct). 

        For the meal days, we can use either. But if we use a logo T-shirt for a meal day, then we are using one of the X logo T-shirts for a non-event day. 

        However, the minimal requirement for X is the maximum number of event days in any segment (without 0-day). 

        But what if the number of meal days exceeds M? 

        Actually, the meal days can be covered by the plain T-shirts (if available) or by the logo T-shirts. 

        The constraint for the plain T-shirts is similar: we have M distinct plain T-shirts, and we cannot reuse the same plain T-shirt for two consecutive days without a 0-day. 

        Therefore, the minimal number of plain T-shirts needed is the maximum number of meal days (1) in any contiguous segment (without 0-day) in the string? 

        But note: the washing resets all T-shirts (both plain and logo) on 0-days. 

        However, the problem does not require that we use the same T-shirt for consecutive meal days. We have M distinct plain T-shirts, so we can use each plain T-shirt multiple times (after a 0-day). But the constraint is that we cannot use the same plain T-shirt on two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        Therefore, for the meal days, we need to cover the meal days in each segment (split by 0-days) with the available plain T-shirts and the logo T-shirts (if we use logo T-shirts for meal days). 

        But note: the logo T-shirts are also limited by the number of purchases (X). 

        However, the minimal number of logo T-shirts is determined by the event days (the maximum event days in any segment). 

        But then, the meal days can be covered by:

          - First, using the plain T-shirts. The constraint for plain T-shirts is the same as for logo T-shirts: we cannot use the same plain T-shirt for two consecutive meal days (without a 0-day). 

        But note: the plain T-shirts are initially M, and we can use each plain T-shirt repeatedly (after a 0-day). 

        The minimal number of plain T-shirts needed is the maximum number of meal days in any contiguous segment (without 0-day) in the string? 

        Example: S = "11011" -> segments: "11", "11" -> each segment has 2 meal days. We need 2 distinct plain T-shirts for the first segment? 

        But wait: we have M=2. Then we can cover the first segment with two plain T-shirts: use T1 on day1, T2 on day2, then on day3 (0) wash, then on day4 use T1, day5 use T2. 

        However, if we have M=1, then we cannot cover two consecutive meal days (without a 0-day) with one plain T-shirt. 

        Therefore, the minimal number of plain T-shirts needed is the maximum number of meal days in any contiguous segment (without 0-day) in the string.

        But wait: we can also use logo T-shirts for meal days. 

        So the total requirement is:

          Let X be the number of logo T-shirts (which we buy). We must have X >= (max event days in any segment).

          And we must have enough T-shirts (plain and logo) to cover the meal days, with the constraint that in each contiguous segment (without 0-day), the number of T-shirts (plain or logo) used for meal days cannot exceed the number of distinct T-shirts available (but note: we have M plain and X logo, so total distinct T-shirts for meal days is M + X).

        However, the constraint for consecutive days is the same for both: we cannot use the same T-shirt (whether plain or logo) for two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        But note: the plain T-shirts are only for meal days and the logo T-shirts are for both. 

        Actually, the problem is that we have two separate sets: the plain T-shirts and the logo T-shirts. The constraint is per T-shirt: each T-shirt (plain or logo) cannot be used for two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        Therefore, the minimal number of T-shirts (both plain and logo) needed for the meal days is the maximum number of meal days in any contiguous segment (without 0-day) in the string. 

        But we have M plain T-shirts and X logo T-shirts. The total distinct T-shirts is M + X. 

        However, we are allowed to use both plain and logo T-shirts for meal days. 

        The minimal total T-shirts (both types) needed for meal days is the maximum number of meal days in any contiguous segment (without 0-day) in the string. 

        But we already have M plain T-shirts. So if the maximum number of meal days in any segment is L, then we need at least L distinct T-shirts (each T-shirt can be used repeatedly after a 0-day, but not consecutively). 

        However, we have M plain T-shirts, so if L <= M, then we don't need any logo T-shirt for meal days. But wait, we also need to cover event days, which requires X >= (max event days in any segment). 

        But note: the event days and meal days are in the same segments. 

        Actually, the segments are the same: we split by 0-days. In a segment, we have a mix of '1' and '2'. 

        The constraint is that in a segment of length L_seg, we need to assign T-shirts (both plain and logo) to the days (the '1's and '2's) such that:

          - For '2's, we must use a logo T-shirt (and we have X distinct ones, and the same logo T-shirt cannot be used for two consecutive days (without a 0-day) — but note, there is no 0-day in the segment, so the entire segment is consecutive).

          - For '1's, we can use either.

        And the constraint is that the same T-shirt (whether plain or logo) cannot be used for two consecutive days (without a 0-day) — but since there is no 0-day, the entire segment is consecutive.

        Therefore, in a segment, the same T-shirt cannot be used twice. 

        This means that the total number of T-shirts (distinct) required in a segment is at least the number of days (both event and meal) that are not separated by a 0-day? 

        Actually, no: we can reuse a T-shirt after a 0-day, but within a segment (which is not split by 0) we cannot reuse a T-shirt. 

        But wait, the condition is: "Once he wears a T-shirt, he cannot wear it again until he washes it." And washing happens only on 0-days. In a segment (without 0-day), we never wash. Therefore, within a segment, we cannot reuse any T-shirt. 

        This means that in a segment of length L (which has, say, E_seg event days and D_seg meal days), we need at least (E_seg + D_seg) distinct T-shirts (because each day requires a distinct T-shirt). 

        But we have two types: 
          - For event days, we must use logo T-shirts (and we have X available).
          - For meal days, we can use either plain or logo.

        And the total distinct T-shirts available is M + X.

        However, we are allowed to use the same T-shirt for multiple days as long as they are not consecutive (without a 0-day). But in a segment, there is no 0-day, so we cannot reuse any T-shirt. 

        Therefore, in a segment of length L_seg, we need L_seg distinct T-shirts.

        But note: the T-shirts are of two types. The event days must be covered by logo T-shirts. 

        So the minimal requirement for a segment is:

          Let L_seg = number of days (both 1 and 2) in the segment.
          We need L_seg distinct T-shirts.

          Additionally, the number of logo T-shirts used in the segment must be at least the number of event days in the segment.

        And the total available distinct T-shirts is M + X.

        But note: the segments are independent (because 0-days reset the T-shirts). 

        Therefore, the overall minimal X must satisfy:

          Condition1: X >= max_event_in_any_segment   [because for event days, we need distinct T-shirts for each event day in a segment (since no 0-day) and the same T-shirt cannot be used for two event days in the same segment]

          Condition2: For each segment, the number of distinct T-shirts required (which is the length of the segment) must be <= M + X.

        However, note: the condition2 is automatically satisfied if Condition1 holds and we have enough plain T-shirts? Not necessarily.

        Actually, the minimal X must be at least the maximum over segments of (max(0, (segment_length - M)) )? 

        But wait, we can use both plain and logo T-shirts. 

        The total distinct T-shirts needed for a segment is the segment_length. We have M + X distinct T-shirts. 

        But the segment_length might be greater than M + X, then we need more T-shirts.

        However, we are allowed to buy only logo T-shirts (X). 

        So the minimal X must be at least:

          X >= max( 
                  max_event_in_any_segment, 
                  (max_segment_length - M)   [if max_segment_length > M, then we need additional T-shirts (which must be logo, because we already have M plain)]
                )

        But wait, we can use the same T-shirt for multiple days if they are not consecutive? No, in a segment (without 0-day), the same T-shirt cannot be used twice. 

        Actually, the condition is: within a segment (without 0-day), we cannot reuse any T-shirt. So the total number of T-shirts (both plain and logo) available must be at least the length of the segment. 

        And we have M + X distinct T-shirts. 

        Therefore, we require for each segment: M + X >= segment_length.

        But note: the segments are independent, so the minimal X must be at least:

          X >= max( 
                    max_event_in_any_segment, 
                    (max_segment_length - M)   [if max_segment_length > M, then we need to buy at least (max_segment_length - M) logo T-shirts, but note: the plain T-shirts are M, and we have X logo T-shirts, so total M+X must be >= max_segment_length]
                  )

        However, we can use the same T-shirt across segments (because 0-days reset). So the condition is not per segment but overall? 

        Actually, no: the washing happens on 0-days, so T-shirts are reset. But the condition for a segment is that within the segment, we cannot reuse a T-shirt. 

        But the T-shirts are distinct: we have M plain and X logo. The total distinct T-shirts is M+X. 

        And the constraint is: in a segment of length L, we need L distinct T-shirts (each day gets a different T-shirt). 

        Therefore, the condition is: for each segment, L <= M + X.

        But note: we are allowed to reuse a T-shirt from a previous segment (because the 0-day washes it). So the constraint is that the total distinct T-shirts (M+X) must be at least the maximum segment_length.

        Therefore, X >= max( max_event_in_any_segment, (max_segment_length - M) ) if max_segment_length > M, otherwise X >= max_event_in_any_segment.

        But wait, consider: 

          Sample Input 3: 
            "01" -> N=2, M=1, S="01"

          Split by 0: segments are ["", "1"] (or actually, the string is "01", so splitting by '0' gives: ['','1']? 
          Actually, splitting "01" by '0' gives: ['', '1'].

          Segment lengths: 0 and 1.
          Event days: 0 and 0.
          Meal days: 1 in the second segment.

          Condition1: max_event = 0 -> X>=0.
          Condition2: max_segment_length = 1, M=1 -> 1-1=0, so X>=0.

          So X=0.

        Another sample: 
          Sample Input 1: 
            N=6, M=1, S="112022"

          Split by '0': segments = ['112', '22']
          Segment lengths: 3 and 2.
          Event days: in '112' -> 1 event day; in '22' -> 2 event days.
          Condition1: max_event = 2 -> X>=2.
          Condition2: max_segment_length = 3, M=1 -> 3-1=2, so X>=2.

          So X=2.

        Sample Input 2:
          "222" -> M=1, S="222"
          Split by '0': segment = ['222'] -> length=3, event days=3.
          Condition1: X>=3.
          Condition2: 3-1=2 -> so X>=3.

          So X=3.

        Another example: 
          S = "212", M=1 -> segments = ['212'] -> length=3, event days=2.
          Condition1: X>=2.
          Condition2: 3-1=2 -> X>=2.

        Example: 
          S = "211", M=2 -> segments = ['211'] -> length=3, event days=1.
          Condition1: X>=1.
          Condition2: 3-2=1 -> X>=1.

        Example: 
          S = "211", M=1 -> segments = ['211'] -> length=3, event days=1.
          Condition1: X>=1.
          Condition2: 3-1=2 -> X>=2.

        But wait, in the segment "211", we have one event day and two meal days. We need 3 distinct T-shirts. We have M=1 plain and X logo. Total distinct T-shirts = 1+X. We need 1+X>=3 -> X>=2.

        And also, for the event day we need a logo T-shirt, so X>=1. But the condition2 requires X>=2.

        Therefore, the answer is max( max_event_in_any_segment, (max_segment_length - M) ).

        However, note: the event days must be covered by logo T-shirts, and the total distinct T-shirts needed is the segment_length. 

        But what if the segment_length is 3 and M=2, then we need 1 logo T-shirt. But the condition2 says we need 3-2=1, so X>=1. And condition1: if the segment has 1 event day then condition1 is 1. So X=1.

        This matches.

        Therefore, the solution is:

          Steps:
          1. Split the string S by '0' to get segments.
          2. For each segment, let L = length(segment), E_seg = count of '2' in the segment.
          3. Let max_event = max(E_seg for all segments)
          4. Let max_segment_length = max(L for all segments)
          5. Then, the minimal number of logo T-shirts to buy is X = max(max_event, max_segment_length - M)

          But note: we cannot buy negative T-shirts. And if X is negative, then 0.

          However, if max_segment_length <= M, then X = max_event (which is non-negative).

          But wait: what if we have no segments? Then max_segment_length=0, and max_event=0, then X=0.

        However, consider: what if we have a segment with only event days? 

        Example: S = "22", M=1 -> max_event=2, max_segment_length=2, then X = max(2, 2-1)=2.

        This is correct.

        But consider: S = "2", M=2 -> X = max(1, 1-2) -> but 1-2 is negative, so X=1.

        But wait, the condition2 is: we need at least (segment_length - M) additional logo T-shirts? Actually, the total distinct T-shirts needed for the segment is the segment_length. We have M plain T-shirts. The remaining T-shirts must be logo. So the number of logo T-shirts needed for the segment is max(0, segment_length - M). But then, we have multiple segments. 

        However, the condition is that the total distinct T-shirts (M+X) must be at least the maximum segment_length. 

        But note: the T-shirts are reused across segments (because of washing). So the total distinct T-shirts needed is the maximum segment_length. 

        Why? Because in one segment, we need segment_length distinct T-shirts. Then, the next segment (which is separated by a 0-day) can reuse the same T-shirts (because they are washed). 

        But wait, the problem is: we have a fixed set of T-shirts (M+X). We can reuse them across segments. 

        However, the constraint is that within a segment, no T-shirt is reused. But across segments, we can reuse the same T-shirt. 

        Therefore, the total distinct T-shirts needed is the maximum segment_length (because the largest segment requires that many distinct T-shirts). 

        And we have M+X distinct T-shirts. 

        But we are allowed to reuse T-shirts across segments. 

        Therefore, the condition is: M+X >= max_segment_length.

        And also, for event days, we need X >= max_event.

        So the minimal X is the maximum between max_event and (max_segment_length - M) (if max_segment_length > M, otherwise 0).

        But note: if max_segment_length <= M, then we don't need to buy any logo T-shirt for the distinct T-shirt requirement (because M is sufficient for the largest segment). But we still might need to buy some for the event days.

        Example: S="2", M=2 -> max_segment_length=1, which is <= M, so condition2: 0, condition1: 1 -> X=1.

        Example: S="22", M=2 -> max_segment_length=2, which is <= M (if M>=2) then condition2: 0, condition1: 2 -> X=2. But wait, if M=2, then we have 2 plain T-shirts. But event days require logo T-shirts. So we cannot use plain T-shirts for event days. 

        Correction: the event days must be covered by logo T-shirts. The plain T-shirts cannot be used for event days.

        Therefore, the condition for event days is independent: we need at least max_event logo T-shirts.

        And the condition for the distinct T-shirts (to cover the entire segment) is: M+X >= max_segment_length.

        But note: the distinct T-shirts are used for both event and meal days. And the event days are a subset of the segment. 

        However, the event days require logo T-shirts, and the meal days can be covered by either. 

        The total distinct T-shirts required for a segment is the segment_length. 

        But we have two types: 
          - The event days must be covered by logo T-shirts.
          - The meal days can be covered by either.

        And we have M plain T-shirts and X logo T-shirts.

        The minimal X must satisfy:

          X >= max_event   (from event days)

          and

          X >= (max_segment_length - M)   (if max_segment_length > M, then we need that many additional T-shirts, which must be logo)

        But note: the event days are part of the segment_length. 

        However, the plain T-shirts can cover meal days, but not event days. 

        The distinct T-shirts requirement is for the entire segment. 

        Example: S="2", M=0 -> then we need 1 logo T-shirt (for the event) and also 1 distinct T-shirt (because the segment length is 1). So X>=1.

        Example: S="2", M=1 -> then we have 1 plain T-shirt, but we cannot use it for the event. We need 1 logo T-shirt. The distinct T-shirt requirement is 1, and we have 1 plain and 1 logo -> total 2 distinct T-shirts, which is >=1. But wait, the condition is that we cannot reuse a T-shirt within the segment. But the segment has only one day, so we need one distinct T-shirt. We have two, but we only need one. 

        Actually, the condition is: we need to assign a T-shirt to each day (each day must have a distinct T-shirt within the segment). 

        But note: the problem does not require that we use a distinct T-shirt for each day. It requires that we cannot reuse the same T-shirt for two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        However, in a segment of length 1, we only have one day. So we need one T-shirt. 

        But we have two T-shirts (M=1 and X=1). We can use one of them. 

        But the event day requires a logo T-shirt. 

        So the minimal X is 1.

        Now, consider S="2", M=1: 
          Condition1: max_event=1 -> X>=1.
          Condition2: max_segment_length=1, so X>= max(0, 1-1)=0.
          Then X=1.

        Consider S="1", M=0: 
          Condition1: max_event=0 -> X>=0.
          Condition2: max_segment_length=1, so X>=1-0=1 -> X>=1.

        But wait, for S="1", we have a meal day. We can use a logo T-shirt. But we have M=0 plain T-shirts. We need to buy at least 1 logo T-shirt. 

        This is correct.

        Therefore, the algorithm:

          Step1: Split the string S by '0' to get segments.
          Step2: For each segment:
                  L = length(segment)
                  E_seg = number of '2' in the segment
                  and record the maximum E_seg (max_event) and the maximum L (max_segment_length)

          Step3: X = max(max_event, max_segment_length - M)

          But note: X cannot be negative, so if max_segment_length - M is negative, then we use 0.

          However, if max_event is negative, then 0? But max_event is at least 0.

          Then, we output X.

        But wait: what if we have no event days? Then max_event=0, and if max_segment_length <= M, then X=0.

        Example: S="1", M=1 -> 
          Segment: ['1'] -> L=1, E_seg=0 -> max_event=0, max_segment_length=1 -> X = max(0, 1-1)=0.

        But we have a meal day. We have M=1 plain T-shirt. We can cover it. 

        However, the condition for the distinct T-shirt requirement: we need 1 distinct T-shirt. We have 1 plain T-shirt, so we don't need to buy any logo T-shirt.

        But what if S="11", M=1 -> 
          Segment: ['11'] -> L=2, E_seg=0 -> max_event=0, max_segment_length=2 -> X = max(0, 2-1)=1.

        This means we need to buy 1 logo T-shirt. 

        Why? Because we have only 1 plain T-shirt. For the two meal days, we need two distinct T-shirts (because there is no 0-day, so we cannot reuse the same T-shirt). We have one plain T-shirt, so we need one additional T-shirt (which must be logo) to cover the second meal day.

        This is correct.

        Therefore, the final solution is:

          Read N, M and string S.

          Split S by '0' -> list of segments.

          max_event = 0
          max_seg_len = 0

          For each segment:
            L = len(segment)
            count_2 = segment.count('2')
            if count_2 > max_event:
                max_event = count_2
            if L > max_seg_len:
                max_seg_len = L

          X = max_event
          if max_seg_len > M:
              X = max(X, max_seg_len - M)

          Print X

        Let's test with the provided examples.

        Example 1: 
          Input: "112022", M=1
          Segments: 
            '112' -> count_2=1, len=3
            '22' -> count_2=2, len=2
          max_event = 2
          max_seg_len = 3
          X = max(2, 3-1)=max(2,2)=2 -> output 2. Correct.

        Example 2:
          Input: "222", M=1
          Segments: ['222'] -> count_2=3, len=3
          X = max(3, 3-1)=3. Correct.

        Example 3:
          Input: "01", M=1
          Segments: ['', '1'] -> 
            '' -> count_2=0, len=0
            '1' -> count_2=0, len=1
          max_event=0, max_seg_len=1
          X = max(0, 1-1)=0. Correct.

        Example 4: S="2", M=0 -> 
          Segments: ['2'] -> count_2=1, len=1
          X = max(1, 1-0)=1. Correct.

        Example 5: S="1", M=0 -> 
          Segments: ['1'] -> count_2=0, len=1
          X = max(0, 1-0)=1. Correct.

        Example 6: S="11", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['11'] -> count_2=0, len=2
          X = max(0, 2-1)=1. Correct.

        Example 7: S="22", M=2 -> 
          Segments: ['22'] -> count_2=2, len=2
          X = max(2, 2-2)=2. Correct.

        Example 8: S="21", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['21'] -> count_2=1, len=2
          X = max(1, 2-1)=1. Correct.

        Example 9: S="21", M=2 -> 
          X = max(1, 2-2)=1. Correct.

        Example 10: S="212", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['212'] -> count_2=2, len=3
          X = max(2, 3-1)=2. Correct.

        Example 11: S="2", M=1 -> 
          X = max(1, 1-1)=1. Correct.

        Example 12: S="22", M=1 -> 
          X = max(2, 2-1)=2. Correct.

        Example 13: S="220", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['22', ''] -> 
            '22': count_2=2, len=2 -> max_event=2, max_seg_len=2.
            '': count_2=0, len=0.
          X = max(2, 2-1)=2. Correct.

        Example 14: S="202", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['2','2'] -> 
            '2': count_2=1, len=1 -> max_event=1, max_seg_len=1.
            '2': count_2=1, len=1.
          X = max(1, 1-1)=1. Correct.

        Example 15: S="202", M=0 -> 
          X = max(1, 1-0)=1. Correct.

        Example 16: S="0", M=0 -> 
          Segments: ['',''] (or ['', '']? Actually, splitting "0" by '0' gives ['', '']? Or ['']? 
          Actually, splitting "0" by '0' gives: ['', ''].

          For each segment: 
            '' -> count_2=0, len=0.
            '' -> count_2=0, len=0.
          X = 0. Correct.

        Example 17: S="00", M=0 -> 
          Segments: ['','',''] -> all empty, X=0. Correct.

        Example 18: S="101", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['1','1'] -> 
            '1': count_2=0, len=1 -> max_event=0, max_seg_len=1.
            '1': count_2=0, len=1.
          X = max(0, 1-1)=0. Correct.

        Example 19: S="101", M=0 -> 
          X = max(0, 1-0)=1. Correct.

        Example 20: S="02", M=1 -> 
          Segments: ['','2'] -> 
            '': 0,0
            '2': count_2=1, len=1 -> X = max(1, 1-1)=1. Correct.

        Example 21: S="02", M=2 -> 
          X = max(1, 1-2)=max(1, -1)=1. Correct.

        This matches.

        Therefore, the code:

        Note: The input format: 
          First line: N M
          Second line: S

        We can ignore N because S is given.

        Steps in code:

          Read first line for N and M.
          Read second line for S.

          Split S by '0'

          Then, for each segment in the list:
            L = len(segment)
            count_2 = segment.count('2')
            update max_event and max_seg_len.

          Then, X = max(max_event, max_seg_len - M) if max_seg_len > M else max_event

          But if max_seg_len - M is negative, then we use 0 for that part? Actually, we take the max with max_event.

          However, we can write:

          X = max_event
          if max_seg_len > M:
              candidate = max_seg_len - M
              if candidate > X:
                  X = candidate

          Then print X.

        But note: if max_event is 0 and max_seg_len <= M, then X=0.

        Let's write the code accordingly.

        However, note: the problem says "If he does not need to buy new T-shirts, print 0."

        This matches.

        Let's code accordingly.

        One more example: 
          Input: "21", M=2 -> 
            S="21", M=2
            Segments: ['21'] -> count_2=1, len=2
            X = max(1, 2-2)=1.

        But wait, we have 2 plain T-shirts. The event day requires a logo T-shirt (so we must buy at least 1). The meal day can be covered by a plain T-shirt. However, the distinct T-shirt requirement for the segment (which has two days) is 2 distinct T-shirts. We have 2 plain T-shirts, so we don't need to buy a logo T-shirt for the distinct T-shirt requirement? 

        But wait, the event day must be a logo T-shirt. So we are forced to use a logo T-shirt for the event day. Then for the meal day, we can use a plain T-shirt. 

        However, the condition for the distinct T-shirt requirement: we cannot reuse a T-shirt for two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        The event day and the meal day are consecutive (no 0-day). 

        We have two T-shirts: one plain and one logo (if we buy one). But we have two plain T-shirts (M=2). 

        We can use:
          Day1 (event): use logo T-shirt (we bought one).
          Day2 (meal): use one of the plain T-shirts.

        But note: we have two plain T-shirts. We can use two different plain T-shirts for two consecutive meal days? 

        Actually, the constraint is: we cannot use the same T-shirt for two consecutive days (without a 0-day). 

        In this case, we have two distinct T-shirts (the two plain ones) and one logo. 

        We use the logo for day1 and a plain for day2. 

        But what if we use the same plain T-shirt for day1? We cannot, because day1 is event and requires logo.

        So we must use a logo for day1. 

        Then for day2, we can use any plain T-shirt (we have two). 

        The distinct T-shirt requirement for the segment is 2 (two days). We have two plain T-shirts and one logo -> total 3 distinct T-shirts, which is >=2.

        But the condition we used was: M+X >= max_segment_length.

        Here, M=2, X=1 -> 3>=2 -> satisfied.

        However, our formula is: X = max( max_event (which is 1), max_segment_length - M (which is 2-2=0) ) -> X=1.

        This is correct.

        But note: the formula is not about the total distinct T-shirts being at least the max_segment_length, but about the minimal X (logo T-shirts) needed. 

        The condition for the distinct T-shirts is automatically satisfied if we have enough T-shirts (M+X) and we are only concerned with the minimal X.

        Our formula:

          X = max( max_event, max_segment_length - M )

        This ensures:
          - We have enough logo T-shirts for the event days (max_event).
          - We have enough total T-shirts (M+X) to cover the largest segment (max_segment_length).

        Because if max_segment_length > M, then we need at least (max_segment_length - M) additional T-shirts (which must be logo, since plain T-shirts are already accounted for in M). 

        But note: the event days are part of the segment and require logo T-shirts. 

        Example: S="2", M=0 -> max_segment_length=1, so we need 1-0=1 logo T-shirt. And event days=1 -> so X=1.

        Example: S="2", M=1 -> max_segment_length=1, so 1-1=0, but event days=1 -> X=1.

        Example: S="21", M=1 -> max_segment_length=2, so 2-1=1, and event days=1 -> X=1.

        Example: S="21", M=2 -> max_segment_length=2, so 2-2=0, but event days=1 -> X=1.

        Example: S="21", M=3 -> max_segment_length=2, so 2-3=-1 -> X = max(1, -1)=1.

        All correct.

        Therefore, the code is:

        Note: The splitting by '0' might leave empty strings at the beginning or end. But the count of '2' and length of empty string is 0, which is correct.

        Let's write the code accordingly.

        Edge: N=0, but constraints say N>=1.

        Code:

        Note: The input S might have leading/trailing zeros, but splitting by '0' will handle that.

        Example: S = "000" -> segments = ['','','',''] -> max_event=0, max_seg_len=0 -> X=0.

        Example: S = "0" -> segments = ['',''] (if splitting "0" by '0' gives two empty strings? Actually, in Python, splitting a string by a separator that is the whole string gives: "0".split('0') -> ['', ''].

        This is correct.

        Now, code accordingly.

        However, note: the problem says the string S has length N. We are given N and M.

        We'll read:

        n, m = map(int, input().split())
        s = input().strip()

        Then split s by '0'

        Then compute.

        Let's code.

        IMPORTANT: The problem says that the purchased T-shirts are also washed and ready just before the first day. So they are distinct and initially clean.

        We are good.

        Let me run the provided examples through the code.

        Example1: 
          Input: "6 1", "112022"
          n=6, m=1, s="112022"
          segments = "112022".split('0') -> ['112', '22']
          max_event = max(1,2)=2
          max_seg_len = max(3,2)=3
          X = max(2, 3-1)=2 -> output 2.

        Example2: 
          Input: "3 1", "222"
          n=3, m=1, s="222"
          segments = ['222']
          max_event=3, max_seg_len=3, X = max(3, 3-1)=3.

        Example3: 
          Input: "2 1", "01"
          n=2, m=1, s="01"
          segments = ['','1']
          max_event = 0 (from '' and '1' has 0 event days)
          max_seg_len = max(0,1)=1
          X = max(0, 1-1)=0.

        All correct.

        We'll write the code.

        Note: We must consider that the string might be empty.

        Given constraints, N>=1, so s is non-empty.

        Code:

        Note: We are using split('0') which splits the string by '0'. 

        Let me test with a string that has consecutive zeros.

        Example: s = "0000" -> segments = ['','','','',''] -> max_event=0, max_seg_len=0 -> X=0.

        Example: s = "02020" -> segments = ['','','2','','2',''] -> 
          max_event = max(0,0,1,0,1,0)=1
          max_seg_len = max(0,0,1,0,1,0)=1
          X = max(1, 1-? M is given, say M=0 -> then 1-0=1 -> X=1.

        This is correct.

        Now, submit the code.

        Note: The problem says that the plain T-shirts are given and are initially washed. We are only buying logo T-shirts.

        Our formula for X (logo T-shirts) is correct.

        Code:

        We'll read input and then split the string.

        One more thing: the problem says the string S has length N, and we are given N and M.

        We don't use N, so we can ignore it.

        Let me write the code.

        IMPORTANT: The problem does not require any other output.

        Let me run the code with the examples.

        Example: "2 1", "01" -> output 0.

        Example: "3 1", "222" -> output 3.

        Example: "6 1", "112022" -> output 2.

        Example: "1 0", "2" -> output 1.

        Example: "1 0", "1" -> output 1.

        Example: "2 0", "11" -> output 2.

        Example: "2 0", "22" -> output 2.

        Example: "2 0", "21" -> output 1.

        Example: "2 0", "12" -> output 1.

        Example: "2 0", "00" -> output 0.

        Example: "2 0", "0" -> output 0.

        Example: "2 0", "1" -> output 1.

        All seem correct.

        We'll submit.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine the minimum number of logo T-shirts Takahashi needs to buy to satisfy all conditions during his N-day schedule. The conditions include wearing appropriate T-shirts on days with events (must be logo) and on days with meals (can be plain or logo), while ensuring T-shirts are washed on days with no plans (0), allowing reuse from the next day.

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The key observation is that Takahashi must use a distinct logo T-shirt for each event day in contiguous segments (segments separated by 0-days). Additionally, the total number of distinct T-shirts (plain + logo) must be sufficient to cover the longest contiguous segment of days (both events and meals) without reusing any T-shirt within that segment.
2. **Intuition**: The solution involves splitting the schedule into segments separated by 0-days. For each segment, we calculate the maximum number of event days (requiring logo T-shirts) and the segment length (requiring distinct T-shirts). The minimal number of logo T-shirts needed is the maximum between the highest number of event days in any segment and the difference between the longest segment length and the available plain T-shirts.
3. **Algorithm Selection**: The algorithm processes the input string by splitting it into segments separated by '0'. For each segment, it counts the number of event days (2) and the segment length. The solution then computes the required logo T-shirts as the maximum between the highest event count and the segment length minus available plain T-shirts (if positive).

### Solution Code
```python
def main():
    import sys
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    n, m = map(int, data[0].split())
    s = data[1].strip()
    
    segments = s.split('0')
    
    max_event = 0
    max_seg_len = 0
    
    for seg in segments:
        count_2 = seg.count('2')
        length_seg = len(seg)
        if count_2 > max_event:
            max_event = count_2
        if length_seg > max_seg_len:
            max_seg_len = length_seg
            
    X = max_event
    if max_seg_len > m:
        candidate = max_seg_len - m
        if candidate > X:
            X = candidate
            
    print(X)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Reading Input**: The input consists of two integers (N and M) followed by a string S of length N. The string S contains characters '0', '1', and '2' representing no plans, meal plans, and event plans, respectively.
2. **Splitting Segments**: The string S is split into segments using '0' as the delimiter. Each segment represents a contiguous block of days without any 0-days (no plans), where T-shirts must be distinct for each day.
3. **Calculating Requirements**: For each segment:
   - **Event Days (2)**: The count of '2' characters determines the number of logo T-shirts needed if they are contiguous without a 0-day.
   - **Segment Length**: The length of the segment dictates the total number of distinct T-shirts (both plain and logo) required, as no T-shirt can be reused within the segment.
4. **Determining Logo T-shirts**: The solution calculates the minimal number of logo T-shirts (X) as the maximum between the highest number of event days in any segment and the difference between the longest segment length and available plain T-shirts (M). If the segment length is less than or equal to M, no additional logo T-shirts are needed beyond those required for events.
5. **Output**: The result is printed, which is the minimal number of logo T-shirts Takahashi needs to buy, or 0 if no purchase is necessary.