=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a grid with H rows and W columns.
Let (i,j) denote the cell at the i-th row from the top and the j-th column from the left.
There are N horizontal bars numbered from 1 to N placed on the grid.
Bar i consists of L_i blocks of size 1 \times 1 connected horizontally, and its leftmost block is initially at cell (R_i, C_i).
That is, initially, bar i occupies the cells (R_i, C_i), (R_i, C_i + 1), \dots, (R_i, C_i + L_i - 1).
It is guaranteed that there is no cell occupied by two different bars.
The current time is t = 0.
At every time t = 0.5 + n for some non-negative integer n, the following occurs in order of i = 1, 2, \dots, N:

- If bar i is not on the bottom row (the H-th row), and none of the cells directly below the cells occupied by bar i is occupied by any bar, then bar i moves down by one cell. That is, if at that time bar i occupies the cells (r,C_i),(r,C_i+1),\dots,(r,C_i+L_i-1)\ (r < H), and the cell (r + 1, C_i + j) is not occupied by any bar for all j (0 \leq j \leq L_i - 1), then bar i now occupies (r + 1, C_i), (r + 1, C_i + 1), \dots, (r + 1, C_i + L_i - 1).
- Otherwise, nothing happens.

Let (R'_i, C_i), (R'_i, C_i + 1), \dots, (R'_i, C_i + L_i - 1) be the cells occupied by bar i at time t = 10^{100}. Find R'_1, R'_2, \dots, R'_N.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
H W N
R_1 C_1 L_1
R_2 C_2 L_2
\vdots
R_N C_N L_N

Output

Print N lines.
The i-th line (1 \leq i \leq N) should contain R'_i.

Constraints


- 1 \leq H, W \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq R_i \leq H
- 1 \leq C_i \leq W
- 1 \leq L_i \leq W - C_i + 1
- In the initial state, there is no cell occupied by two different bars.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 4 4
1 2 3
3 2 2
2 1 2
2 4 1

Sample Output 1

2
4
3
4

The following three diagrams represent the grid at times t = 0, 1, and 2 from left to right.
Colored rectangles represent the bars, and the number inside each rectangle indicates its bar number.

The changes in the grid state are explained as follows:

- At t = 0.5:
- i = 1: The cells directly below bar 1 are (2,2),(2,3),(2,4). Among these, (2,2) is occupied by bar 3 and (2,4) is occupied by bar 4, so nothing happens.
- i = 2: The cells directly below bar 2 are (4,2),(4,3), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 2 moves down by one cell.
- i = 3: The cells directly below bar 3 are (3,1),(3,2), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 3 moves down by one cell.
- i = 4: The cell directly below bar 4 is (3,4), which is not occupied by any other bar, so bar 4 moves down by one cell.


- At t = 1.5:
- i = 1: The cells directly below bar 1 are (2,2),(2,3),(2,4), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 1 moves down by one cell.
- i = 2: Bar 2 is on the bottom row, so nothing happens.
- i = 3: The cells directly below bar 3 are (4,1),(4,2). Among these, (4,2) is occupied by bar 2, so nothing happens.
- i = 4: The cell directly below bar 4 is (4,4), which is not occupied by any other bar, so bar 4 moves down by one cell.



At times t = 2.5, 3.5, \dots, there is no bar such that the cells directly below it are all unoccupied, so nothing happens. Thus, the grid at time t = 10^{100} is the same as at t = 2 (the rightmost diagram above).
Therefore, R'_1 = 2, R'_2 = 4, R'_3 = 3, R'_4 = 4.

Sample Input 2

382 382 3
3 3 3
8 8 8
2 2 2

Sample Output 2

382
382
381

Sample Input 3

5 10 8
2 2 1
4 3 1
4 8 2
1 2 2
2 5 3
5 4 3
4 5 2
1 5 2

Sample Output 3

5
5
5
4
3
5
4
2

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to understand the problem. We have a grid H rows, W columns. N horizontal bars, each of length L_i, starting at (R_i, C_i) (leftmost cell). They fall down one by one at each time step (t=0.5,1.5,...), in order i=1..N. At each step, if a bar can move down (its entire row is not at bottom and all cells directly below are empty), then it moves down by one row. Otherwise it stays. This process continues for a very large time (10^100), i.e., until no more moves possible. We need final row positions R'_i for each bar.

The process is deterministic and sequential. Since bars can block each other, the order of movement matters. The simulation naively would be O(H*N) which is too large (H up to 2e5, N up to 2e5). Need efficient algorithm.

Observation: Each bar moves downward until it either reaches bottom or is blocked by a bar that is directly below it at some column. Since bars can only move down, and they move in order at each time step, the final configuration is like a "falling blocks" simulation where bars fall sequentially in a given order, but the process repeats many steps. However, note that at each time step, we check bars in fixed order 1..N. This is important: the order in which they attempt to move matters. Over many time steps, bars will gradually fall as long as they can, but they may be blocked by bars that are still above? Actually, once a bar is blocked, it might become unblocked later if the blocking bar moves down? But since bars only move down, if a bar is below and it moves down, it could free up space for the bar above? Wait: Example: bar A above bar B; initially B blocks A. If B moves down later, then A could move down. But note: at each time step, we process bars from 1 to N, and all bars attempt to move simultaneously? No, they attempt in order, but the movement happens immediately within the same time step. So if bar i moves down, it might affect later bars in the same time step (since they check after the movement). But also, a bar that is blocked might later become unblocked if the blocking bar moves down in a later time step.

So essentially, the process is akin to "gravity" with a given order of movement per time step, and bars fall until stuck. This is reminiscent of processing bars in order of their "potential" or using data structures like segment trees to simulate falling. Since H is large, but N is limited, the final row of each bar will be determined by the "lowest empty row" in its column range that is reachable given current obstacles. Actually, we can think of the bars as falling in a "simulation" where we treat each column independently? But bars occupy contiguous columns, so they affect multiple columns.

Alternative viewpoint: The final position of a bar is the maximum row such that from its starting row down to that row, for each row below, there is no bar that occupies its column range at that time and that bar itself is moving? But the process is sequential so it's complicated.

We can consider that the bars eventually settle in a stable configuration where no bar can move down. That means for each bar, either it is at the bottom row (H), or for at least one column in its range, there is a bar directly below (row+1) that is occupying that column. However, note that if there is a bar below, it might also move later, so the condition is dynamic. But at final steady state, all bars are stationary, and the condition holds.

Since the process is monotonic (bars only move down), we can think of each bar's final row as the result of "falling" through a "map" of obstacles that are also falling, but we can compute final rows by processing bars in some order? Perhaps we can process bars from bottom to top or something.

Let's think of the time steps. Each bar can move many times. The simulation can be seen as: For each bar i, consider the set of bars that start below it or may fall below it. Because bars only move down, a bar can only be blocked by bars that are initially below it, or bars that started above but fall down to below? Actually, a bar that starts above could fall down and become below, but that would be later. However, since processing order is from 1 to N, and we repeat steps, eventually the bars that are "heavier" or higher index might affect? Not sure.

Maybe we can simulate the process using a data structure that maintains for each column the current "lowest occupied row" or something like that, and then we treat each bar's falling as "find the lowest row such that all columns in its range have no occupied cell directly above that row (i.e., there is a 'hole' until bottom)". But because bars can occupy multiple columns, we need to consider the "support" from other bars.

Another angle: Let's think of each bar as a horizontal segment that falls down until it either hits the bottom or its bottom cells would overlap with some other bar that has already settled. Because the movement order is sequential within each time step, but overall, the final configuration should be independent of the order of processing if we treat it as bars falling simultaneously? Actually, it might depend on the order because bars that are processed earlier can move and then block later bars in the same time step. But over many time steps, the final outcome may be determined by some "priority". Need to examine sample 1:

Bars: 1: (1,2,3) length3; 2: (3,2,2); 3: (2,1,2); 4: (2,4,1). Initial positions:

Row1: bar1 cols2-4
Row2: bar3 cols1-2, bar4 col4
Row3: bar2 cols2-3

Time0.5: i1 blocked by bar3 and bar4 below; i2 moves to row4; i3 moves to row3; i4 moves to row3.
Time1.5: i1 now below? Actually after first step, positions: bar1 row1; bar2 row4; bar3 row3; bar4 row3. Now i1: cells directly below are row2 cols2-4; none occupied (bar3 at row3, bar4 at row3, bar2 at row4) so i1 moves to row2. i2 at bottom stays; i3: below row4 cols1-2: col2 has bar2? bar2 at row4 cols2-3, so col2 occupied, so i3 blocked; i4 below row4 col4 empty, so i4 moves to row4. Then t=2.5: i1 below row3 cols2-4: row3 col2-3 occupied by bar2? bar2 at row4 now? Actually bar2 at row4, so row3 empty? Wait bar3 at row3 cols1-2, bar4 at row4 col4. So row3 col2 occupied by bar3. So i1 blocked; i3 below row4 col1-2: col2 occupied by bar2, so blocked; i4 at bottom. So final: bar1 row2, bar2 row4, bar3 row3, bar4 row4. So bar2 ended at bottom (row4), bar4 also bottom, bar1 at row2, bar3 at row3.

Now, if we think of "settling" each bar by dropping it as far as possible given the final positions of bars that start below? But bar2 started at row3 and fell to bottom; bar3 started at row2 and fell to row3, blocked by bar2? Actually bar2 final at row4, bar3 at row3, so bar3 sits above bar2. bar4 started at row2, fell to row4, but bar2 is also at row4, but they don't overlap (bar4 col4, bar2 cols2-3). So bar4 sits at bottom besides bar2. bar1 started at row1, fell to row2, blocked by bar3? bar3 occupies row3 cols1-2, not directly below bar1? Bar1 cols2-4, directly below row2? Actually bar1 ended at row2, so directly below is row3: cols2-4, bar3 occupies col2, so blocked. So final positions.

Now consider if we process bars in order of their starting rows? Not necessarily.

Another approach: Since bars only fall down, the problem is similar to "falling blocks" where each column can be considered independently? But bars are horizontal and block entire intervals. The movement condition: bar can move down only if all cells directly below its entire interval are empty. So it behaves like a rigid body.

We can think of each bar as having a "current row" and we want to know the maximum row it can reach, given that other bars may also move. This is reminiscent of "simulation of falling blocks with order" which can be solved using a segment tree with "available height" per column, but we need to account for the fact that bars can block each other and the order of movement matters.

Maybe we can reverse the process: Instead of simulating forward, we can think of building the configuration from the bottom up. Since bars only fall down, the final rows are determined by the "lowest possible row" for each bar, but constrained by the fact that bars cannot pass through each other. Because bars are rigid horizontal segments, they cannot overtake each other. Actually, they can cross? If bar A is above bar B and they overlap in columns, A cannot fall through B. However, if they don't overlap, they can pass each other? For example, bar A at row1 cols1-2, bar B at row2 cols3-4. They don't overlap, so A can fall down to row2 and beyond without interacting with B. So bars only interact if their intervals overlap in columns.

Thus, each bar's final row is limited only by bars that have overlapping column intervals and that end up directly below it in the final configuration. But those bars themselves may have moved.

We can consider that the set of bars partitions the columns into groups based on overlaps? Since intervals can be overlapping, we need to handle dependencies.

This problem is from AtCoder (probably ABC 273 Ex or something?). I recall a problem "Falling Bars" or "Bar" where you need to compute final rows using a segment tree with lazy propagation and processing bars in order of something like "row + something". Actually, I've seen a similar problem: "ABC 273 Ex - Inv(0,1)..." no.

Let's think about the process: At each time step, we process bars in order 1..N. This means that if two bars are in the same "stack" (overlap in columns), the one with smaller index gets to move first at each time step. This could give a priority effect. For example, if bar i is above bar j and they overlap, then at the moment bar i tries to move, bar j might be directly below and block it. However, if bar j later moves down (since it's processed later in same time step? Actually i processed first, so if i is blocked by j, then i does not move. Then j is processed, and it may move down if its own below is empty. So j could move away, freeing space for i in the next time step. Then i will move later. So indeed, a bar can eventually move down if the blocking bar moves down.

This resembles "discrete falling dynamics" where each bar has a "weight" or index that determines order of movement attempts. The final outcome might be equivalent to sorting bars by some "height" computed as the maximum row they can reach if we consider the "support" from lower bars.

Maybe we can model the process as: Each bar will eventually rest at the highest row such that there is no bar with overlapping columns that is directly below it and that bar itself is stationary. But we need to compute positions.

Since N is up to 2e5, we can consider a data structure that maintains for each column the current "lowest occupied row" (i.e., the row of the bar that is currently at the bottom in that column), but since bars are horizontal, we need to manage intervals.

Another idea: The process can be simulated using a priority queue, where we treat each bar's "next potential move" based on the current state. But we have many time steps, but each bar moves at most H times, so total moves O(N*H) worst-case.

We need a smarter approach.

Observation: The final row of each bar depends only on the initial positions and the order of processing. Since the movement is deterministic, we can compute the final rows by processing bars in a certain order, maybe by decreasing initial row? Or using something like "segment tree Beats" to simulate falling? 

I recall a problem "Falling Sand" or "Falling Balls" but not exactly.

Let's think about columns individually. If we consider a single column, the bars that occupy that column are horizontal segments that have some length and may cover multiple columns. But the condition for moving down involves all columns in the interval. So a bar can only move if all its columns have empty cells below. That means its movement is blocked by any bar that occupies any of those columns in the row directly below.

So essentially, the bar's downward movement is controlled by the "minimum clearance" among its columns. If we define for each column a "height" that represents the row of the topmost occupied cell (or something), we can compute how far a bar can fall.

Perhaps we can simulate the process by processing bars in order of their index and using a segment tree that stores for each column the "current row of the topmost bar that has settled" or something like that. But we need to simulate the time steps; could we compute final rows directly?

Let's try to see the invariance: Over time, the configuration is such that no bar can move. That means for each bar, its row r satisfies: either r = H, or there exists a column j in its interval such that the cell (r+1, j) is occupied by another bar. But note that the bar occupying (r+1, j) must be stationary too, and it must be a bar that also satisfies its own condition.

Thus, the final configuration is a "stable" configuration under gravity with the given order? Actually, the order is irrelevant for stability condition.

Now, the key is that the process always reaches this stable state. And the order determines which stable state is reached (maybe multiple stable states exist). The given order (by index) decides.

We need an efficient algorithm.

Another approach: Because the movement attempts happen in order at each time step, we can think of each bar moving as soon as it can, and we can simulate using a "wave" from bottom up. For each bar, we need to know the lowest row it can reach, which is determined by the "lowest" obstacle below it that blocks at least one of its columns. But obstacles themselves can move down, so we need to resolve recursively.

Consider sorting bars by their starting row ascending (top to bottom). But bar 1 started at row1 and ended at row2; bar3 started at row2 and ended at row3; bar2 started at row3 and ended at row4; bar4 started at row2 and ended at row4. So higher index bars can end up lower.

Maybe we can treat each bar as if it falls to the lowest row such that for each column, if there is a bar below that is "settled" and blocks, then it stops. This resembles "falling in a fluid" where bars are processed in order of their "speed" based on index.

Idea: Since bars move only when they can, and they are attempted in order, higher-index bars are "more aggressive" in the sense that they get to move after lower-index bars in each time step, which might allow them to fill gaps faster. But in sample1, bar2 (index2) fell to bottom, bar3 (index3) fell to row3, bar4 (index4) fell to bottom. So index doesn't directly correlate.

Maybe we can compute final rows using a segment tree that stores for each column the "current support row" (the lowest row that is occupied in that column). Initially, we can set support rows to H+1 (bottom+1) indicating nothing. Then we process bars in decreasing order of starting row? Let's hypothesize: If we process bars from bottommost to topmost, each bar's final row is the minimum over its columns of the "support row" minus 1, but confined to not go above its starting row? Actually, consider a bar that starts at row r. It will fall down until it lands on top of whatever bars are below it. If we know the final positions of bars that are initially below it (or that will end below it), we can compute its final row as the maximum possible row such that it can rest on the bars below. But since bars can move down, a bar below might move further down, so we need to consider the "effective" height of the column stacks.

Think of each column as a stack of bars (their intervals may span multiple columns). The final arrangement is that in each column, the bars are stacked from bottom upwards, but bars can only occupy contiguous columns, so they can form "bridges". This is like a "falling blocks" puzzle where blocks are horizontal and fall independently but interlock.

Maybe we can transform the problem into a graph of dependencies: Bar i will eventually rest on top of some bars that occupy its column range directly below. Those bars themselves rest on other bars, etc. So we can consider building a DAG where edges go from a bar to the bars that are directly below it in the final configuration. The final row is determined by the maximum row such that the bar is supported.

But we don't know final configuration.

Perhaps we can simulate the process using a "segment tree with lazy propagation" that maintains for each column the current "height" (row of the topmost bar in that column) or better, the "lowest empty cell" from the bottom? Actually, we need to allow bars to fall through empty space until they encounter an obstacle.

Idea: For each bar, we can compute how far it would fall if all other bars were static at their initial positions. But they move, so we need to simulate the cascading.

Another approach: Since time is discrete and steps are infinite, we can think of the final position of a bar i as the result of applying a "max" operation over its columns: the lowest row it can reach is equal to the minimum over j in its interval of (the row of the bar that ends up directly below it at column j) minus 1. But we don't know that.

What if we process bars in the order of their "potential final row"? I recall a solution using a segment tree where we store the "available height" for each column, and we process bars in decreasing order of their index? Hmm.

Let's search memory: There is an AtCoder problem "ABC 273 F - Hammer 2" no.

Better to derive from scratch.

We need to simulate the falling process efficiently. Observations:

- Each bar moves at most H times, but we cannot simulate each time step.
- However, the process is such that bars will eventually settle in at most H time steps? Actually, each bar can move multiple steps, but overall total moves across all bars is O(N*H) worst-case if H large. Need to avoid that.

But note that H can be up to 2e5, and N up to 2e5, so O(N log H) is okay.

Can we simulate each bar's fall in one go, using information about the current "floor" below it? For each bar, we want to know the lowest row to which it can fall, considering that the bars below it might also fall and settle. But since bars are processed in a fixed order at each time step, the overall effect might be that we can process bars in increasing order of index, and maintain a data structure that tells for each column the row of the "topmost settled bar" below the current bar's starting row.

But the order of processing in time steps (i=1 to N each step) is not the same as processing bars once. However, note that if we process bars in order of index (i from 1 to N) and drop each bar as far as it can go given the final positions of all bars with smaller index (which have already settled), would that give the correct result? Let's test with sample1: Process i=1 first: drop bar1 from row1. If we consider only bars with smaller index (none), bar1 would fall all the way to bottom? But it would fall to row4? But in actual final, bar1 only falls to row2 because it gets blocked by bar3 and bar4 later. So ignoring later bars gives incorrect. So we cannot process in index order only.

What about processing in reverse order (i from N down to 1)? That is, starting from highest index, drop it as far as possible given the final positions of higher-index bars? For sample1: i=4 first: drop bar4 from row2. If no other bars, it would fall to bottom row4. Then i=3: drop bar3 from row2, columns1-2. It would fall until blocked by an existing bar (bar4 at row4 col4 doesn't overlap, so it would fall to row4? But bar3 actual final is row3. If we drop it after bar4, it would fall to row4 (since no overlap). Not correct. So reverse order fails.

Thus, the interaction is more complex; bars can block each other even if they have different indices and starting rows.

Maybe we need to simulate the falling process as a whole, but we can accelerate it using a "disjoint set union" or "segment tree" to find the next available row for a bar given the current state, and then update the state.

Consider that the process is essentially "gravity" where bars fall until they land on something. The order of movement attempts within each time step is a detail that could be simulated by processing bars in a certain order and updating a data structure that records the "current floor" for each column. But we need to handle that multiple bars fall simultaneously in a time step, but the order within that step matters. However, we could simulate the process by repeatedly dropping all bars by one row if possible, but that is too slow.

Another perspective: The process can be seen as each bar moving down at each integer time step if it can, but the decision to move is based on the state at the beginning of that time step (t = 0.5+n). So it's like synchronous updates. This is similar to cellular automaton. But we can perhaps compute the final position by considering "critical heights".

Let's think about the final state: In each column, the bars that occupy that column form a stack from bottom to top. The stack is built in order of their "settling order". The bars are horizontal, so they can connect multiple columns. This is reminiscent of "Skyline" problems.

Maybe we can treat each bar as a node and define its "falling height" as the minimum over columns of the "maximum row of the bar below it in that column" plus 1. This is like: For each column j, define f_j as the row of the bar that is directly below bar i in that column in the final configuration (or H+1 if none). Then bar i's final row is max( r_i, min_j (f_j - 1) )? Actually it will fall to the highest row such that for each j, there is either empty space below or a bar supporting it. So it will settle on the highest "support" from below.

More precisely, if we know for each column the final row of the topmost bar that is below bar i's interval, then bar i can fall to the row just above the highest of those bars? No: It must be that for each column, the cell directly below its row must be either empty or occupied, but the condition for it to be able to move down is that all cells directly below are empty. So to stop, there must be at least one column where the cell directly below is occupied. But the bar will stop at the last row where all cells below are empty? Actually, it moves down only if all below are empty. So it will continue moving as long as for all j, the cell below is empty. Once it reaches a row where for at least one j, the cell below is occupied, it stops. So the bar will stop at the row r such that for all j, cells (r+1, j) are empty? No: It stops when it cannot move, i.e., either r=H or there exists j such that (r+1, j) is occupied. So it can be that some columns have empty below but one has occupied, and bar stops. So its final row is the largest r such that for all j, cells (r+1, j) are empty? Wait no: It will keep moving down until it cannot. So as it descends, it checks at each step: if all below are empty, move down; else stop. So the final row is the first row where, when checking from top, you encounter a step where not all below are empty. That is, if you imagine the bar starting at initial row r0, it will move down until it reaches a row r where there exists a column j for which the cell (r+1, j) is occupied. But note that the occupancy may change as other bars move. So this is dynamic.

Given the complexity, I suspect there is a known solution using some data structure and processing bars in order of their "row + index" or using a segment tree that stores the "minimum available row" in each column, and we treat bars as falling as if they are "blocks" that fall into a "pool" of obstacles. 

Let's try to analyze the effect of processing order: At each time step, bars are checked in order 1..N. Consider two bars A and B that overlap in columns. If A is above B and has smaller index, then in each time step, A is checked first. At that moment, if B is directly below A, A is blocked and does not move. Then B is checked, and it may move down if its own below is empty. So B can move away, and then in the next time step, A will be able to move. So effectively, A can move only after B has moved down enough to clear the way. This is similar to "higher index bars yield priority" because they move later in the step, so they can move first? Actually, lower index bars are checked first, so they are blocked; higher index bars move first (since they are processed later but after lower index bars have already failed to move, they can move). So higher index bars have an advantage: they can move down before lower index bars in the same time step, because they get to act after lower ones have been blocked. So effectively, higher index bars have more "mobility". In the sample, bar2 (index2) and bar3 (index3) both overlapped? bar2 cols2-3, bar3 cols1-2; they overlap at col2. bar2 had index2, bar3 index3. At t=0.5, bar2 moved down (row3->4), bar3 also moved down (row2->3). So both moved. But bar1 (index1) was blocked because bar3 and bar4 were below; but bar3 moved down, bar4 moved down, so bar1 could move later. So bar1 had to wait until bar3 and bar4 moved.

So the rule: Higher index bars can "slide away" from under lower index bars, allowing lower index bars to fall later.

This is reminiscent of processing bars in decreasing order of index to compute final rows, because the higher-index bars will settle first and then lower-index bars will fall on top of them. Let's test with sample1: Process indexes 4,3,2,1.

Initialize a data structure representing the current "floor" for each column. The floor could be the row of the highest settled bar (or H+1 for empty) from bottom?

Start with no bars settled. For bar4 (index4): It starts at row2, length1 col4. It can fall as far as possible. Since no settled bars, it would fall to bottom row4. So we set for column4, the top settled bar at row4. So floor for col4 is row4.

Next bar3 (index3): starts row2, cols1-2. It can fall. For columns 1 and 2, current floor is H+1 (say H+1=5) because no settled bars. So it could fall to row4? But wait, bar3 is length2, needs both columns to have empty below. Since no settled bars, it could fall to row4? But then it would occupy row4 cols1-2. However, bar4 at row4 col4 does not conflict. But is there any reason it cannot fall to row4? In actual simulation, bar3 ended at row3, not row4. Why? Because bar2 (index2) later moves to row4 cols2-3, and bar3 would be blocked by bar2? But bar2 hasn't been processed yet. If we process from high index to low, we might be missing that bar2 (lower index) will later settle and could block bar3? But note: bar2 has lower index, so in the actual process, bar3 (higher index) moves before bar2 in each time step? Actually, in each time step, bar3 (index3) is checked after bar2 (index2). So bar2 moves first. In the actual simulation, bar2 moved down to row4 at t=0.5, before bar3 moved? Wait: t=0.5: order: i=1 (blocked), i=2 moves to row4, i=3 moves to row3, i=4 moves to row3. So bar2 moved first, then bar3 moved to row3 (not row4) because bar2 was already at row4 for columns2-3, and since bar3's bottom cells at row3? Actually bar3 at that time was at row2, below cells at row3: col1-2. bar2 at row4 didn't affect because it's two rows below. But later, bar3 moved to row3, and then at t=1.5, bar3 tried to move to row4 but was blocked because bar2 was at row4 col2. So bar3 ended at row3. So bar2 (lower index) actually ended up lower than bar3 (higher index) because bar2 moved faster? In the simulation, both moved at t=0.5, but bar2 moved to row4, bar3 only to row3. So bar2's final row is lower. So higher index didn't necessarily end lower; both ended at different rows. So processing decreasing index might be promising: bar4 (higher index) ended at row4; bar3 (lower index than bar4) ended at row3; bar2 (lower than bar3) ended at row4; bar1 (lowest) ended at row2. So descending index does not give monotonic final rows.

But maybe we can process in order of decreasing index and treat the bars as falling onto a "terrain" defined by previously processed bars (higher index). In that case, for bar3, when we process it after bar4, the terrain has bar4 at row4 col4. But bar3 does not overlap bar4, so it could fall to row4. But we know it should stop at row3 because bar2 (which hasn't been processed) will later occupy row4 col2. So if we process high index first, we are missing the effect of lower-index bars that eventually end up below. So that order is not correct.

What about processing in increasing order of starting row? Since bars start at different rows, but eventually can fall. Perhaps the key is to process bars in order of their initial row, but when multiple start at same row, process in order of index? Let's test: Sort by start row ascending (top first): bar1 row1, bar3 row2, bar4 row2, bar2 row3. If we process in that order, dropping each bar as far as possible given the already settled bars (which are the ones processed earlier), would that yield correct? For bar1 (row1): no settled bars, it could fall to row4. But then we set its final row to row4. But actual final row is 2. So wrong. So we need to consider that later bars (starting below) can move up? No, they only move down, so they can't move up to block bar1. So bar1 would fall all the way if no obstacles later. But later bars will settle above bar1? Actually, bar3 starts at row2, which is below bar1's initial position. In the actual simulation, bar3 moved to row3, which is still below bar1's final row2, so bar3 ends up below bar1? bar1 at row2, bar3 at row3, so bar3 is below bar1. So bar1 actually ends up above bar3. That means bar1 did not fall as far as possible because bar3 later moved into the space directly below bar1? But bar3 moved down, so it moved away from below bar1? Actually, at t=0.5, bar3 moved from row2 to row3, which is below bar1's row1. So bar1 had bar3 directly below it at row2? Wait, initially bar1 at row1, bar3 at row2. After first step, bar3 moved to row3, so bar1's direct below row2 becomes empty (because bar3 left). So bar1 could then move to row2 at t=1.5. So bar1 ended up at row2, which is above bar3's row3. So bar3's movement actually cleared the way for bar1. So bar1 could fall because bar3 moved down. So processing in order of start row and dropping immediately would not account for bars moving away.

Thus, the dynamics involve moving down, which can free up space for bars above. So a bar can fall further if bars below it move down first. That suggests a "reverse" process: perhaps we should process bars from bottom to top? Because bars at the bottom move first? No, in each step, lower-index bars move first, but they can be at any row.

Maybe we need to think of the process as each bar's final row being determined by the "maximum row that is reachable" given that bars with higher index can "slide out of the way" more aggressively.

Let's attempt to model the process as a simulation of "priority" where each bar's movement is like a "particle" that moves down with a certain "speed" determined by its index? Actually, at each time step, bars are processed in index order. This can be viewed as a simulation of "discrete time steps" with a fixed order of within-step updates. This is similar to "sequential update" dynamics. In many such systems, the final state can be computed by considering the bars in the order of decreasing "depth" or something.

Another idea: Use a segment tree to maintain, for each column, the current "row of the topmost bar in that column" (which is the highest occupied cell in that column). Since bars fall down, the topmost occupied row in a column will decrease over time. When a bar moves down, it changes the occupancy. We can simulate the falling of bars in an event-driven way: For each bar, we can compute how far it would fall if we consider the current state of all columns. Then we update the state by moving that bar to its new row. But we need to decide the order in which we process bars. The actual process repeats steps, so bars may move multiple times. However, we can perhaps simulate each bar's fall in a single step if we can compute the "lowest row" it can reach given the final positions of all bars that will eventually be below it. But those final positions are not known.

This resembles a "dependency graph" where each bar's final row is the minimum over its columns of (the final row of the bar that ends up directly below in that column) minus 1, with base case H for bottom. That is, if we denote for each bar i its final row f_i, then for each column j in its interval, either there is no bar below it in the final configuration, in which case f_i = H (if it can fall to bottom) or there is a bar k such that f_k = f_i + 1 and bar k occupies column j. But also must hold that bar k's interval includes j and that bar k is directly below bar i in that column. However, there might be multiple bars below at different columns, and the bar can't fall through any of them. So the condition is: f_i = min( H, min_{k: overlaps i and f_k > f_i? Actually, it's: For bar i to be at row r, it must be that for all columns j in its interval, the cell (r+1, j) is occupied or r=H. So for each j, either r=H or there exists some bar k such that f_k = r+1 and j in its interval. But it could be that multiple bars occupy that row, but we need at least one bar per column? Actually, the condition is that the cell (r+1, j) is occupied by some bar (any). So for each j, there must exist a bar k (k could be the same for multiple j) with f_k = r+1 and j in its interval. So bar i rests directly on top of a "layer" of bars at row r+1 that cover all columns in i's interval. That is, the set of bars at row r+1 must collectively cover i's entire interval. This is like a "tiling" condition.

Thus, final rows satisfy a kind of "covering" condition. This suggests we could use a sweep line from bottom to top: process rows from H down to 1, maintaining which columns are "occupied" by bars that have settled at higher rows (i.e., rows above current). Then, for each bar that starts at some row, we can determine the highest row it can settle at, based on the occupancy of the row below. This is reminiscent of computing the "falling height" by scanning from bottom.

Specifically, we can process rows from H down to 1. For each row, we consider the bars whose final row is that row. To determine these, we need to know for each bar, what is the lowest row such that the row below (r+1) has "full coverage" of its interval by previously settled bars. But we don't know final rows.

We can think of the process as: The bars will organize themselves into "layers" from bottom to top. Each layer is a set of bars that are all at the same row? Not necessarily; bars can be at different rows.

But maybe we can use a data structure that for each column, stores the current "height" (row) of the topmost settled bar. Initially, all heights are H+1 (the floor). Then, we process bars in decreasing order of some key? Let's consider the following: For each bar i, suppose we know the set of bars that will be directly below it in the final configuration. If we process bars from bottom to top (i.e., final rows increasing), then when we process a bar that ends lower, we can "block" columns for bars that end higher. Since bars only fall down, a bar that ends lower will be settled before a bar that ends higher (because it reaches bottom earlier). So if we could determine the final order of settlement, we might process bars in decreasing order of final row? But we don't know final rows.

Another angle: The process is similar to a "bubble sort" like interaction where bars with higher indices "overtake" bars with lower indices? In sample1, bar2 (index2) ends at row4, bar3 (index3) ends at row3, so bar2 (lower index) ends below bar3 (higher index). So lower index can end up below higher index. So index does not directly determine final row.

What about considering the "time" at which a bar stops moving? It might be that each bar's final row is the lowest row such that for each column in its interval, the column's "maximum occupied row below" (after all movements) is exactly one row below. This is a fixed point.

I recall a classic problem: "Falling Blocks" where blocks are 1x1 and fall, but here they are horizontal. There is a known technique: Use a segment tree that stores for each column the "current lowest empty cell" (or "next obstacle below"), and then drop each block as a whole by querying the minimum of these values over its interval, then update the interval to set new obstacles. The order of processing should be in increasing order of initial row? Or something like that? Actually, if we consider the final state, we can imagine that bars fall into place from bottom to top. Suppose we simulate by processing rows from bottom to top: For each row r from H down to 1, we consider all bars that can potentially end at row r. Among them, the ones that can fit because the row r+1 is already "blocked" in the necessary columns by bars that have already been placed (i.e., bars that ended at rows > r). Then we place them. But we need to decide which bars settle at which row. This is reminiscent of "interval scheduling" with falling.

Let's try to formalize: Define for each column j, let h_j be the row of the highest bar that has already been placed (i.e., that has settled at a row > current r). Initially, no bars placed, so h_j = H+1 for all j. Now, consider bars that we want to place at row r. For a bar i with interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1], to be placed at row r, we need that for all j in its interval, h_j > r (i.e., there is no bar at row r+1 or lower? Wait, h_j is the highest placed bar, meaning the smallest row? Actually, if we are placing from bottom up, we first place bars at the bottom row H. For a bar to be at row H, we need nothing below (since bottom). So we can place any bar that can fall to H, provided its interval is such that when we place it, we set h_j = H for its columns. Then for row H-1, bars that can be placed there need that for each j in their interval, either there is a bar at row H (i.e., h_j = H) or nothing (but if nothing, they would fall further down? Actually, if below is empty, they would fall to bottom, so they could be placed at H, so they wouldn't be at H-1. So for a bar to stop at row r (r<H), there must be at least one column j in its interval such that the cell (r+1, j) is occupied by a bar that is already placed (i.e., h_j = r+1). But for the bar to not fall further, it needs that for all j, the cell (r+1, j) is occupied? Wait no: It stops when it cannot move down, meaning there exists at least one column where the cell directly below is occupied. But if some columns have empty below, would it continue moving? The condition for moving is that ALL cells directly below are empty. So if any column has an occupied cell below, the bar cannot move down. So it stops even if some columns have empty below. So it's enough that there is at least one "blocking" column. So the bar can stop at row r even if only one column in its interval has a bar at r+1, and the other columns have empty. So for placement, we need that there is at least one j in interval such that h_j == r+1 (or maybe h_j <= r+1? Actually, a bar below would be at row r+1 exactly). But also, we must ensure that no bar is at row r+1 that would prevent it from moving? Actually, if there is a bar at row r+1 in some column, that blocks the bar from moving down, so it stops. If there is no bar at r+1 in any column, then the bar would continue to fall, so it would not be placed at r. So for a bar to end at row r, it must be that (r < H) and there exists at least one j in its interval with h_j = r+1, and for all j, if h_j is defined, it must be that h_j > r? Actually, if h_j is the row of the highest placed bar in column j, that bar could be at row r+1 or lower (i.e., higher number). So h_j <= H+1. For bar to fall to r, we need that the first obstacle below its starting row is at row r+1, and that obstacle is a bar that is already placed (since we process bottom-up, those with higher rows are placed earlier). So we can think of each column j having a "ceiling" which is the row of the lowest bar that has been placed? Wait, we are placing bars from bottom to top, so when we process row r, we have already placed all bars that end at rows > r. So for column j, we know the highest row (i.e., smallest row number) of any bar placed in that column? Actually, placement sets a bar at row r, so it occupies that cell. As we go upward, the highest bar in a column is the one with smallest row number (closest to top). Since we are processing from bottom up, we have placed bars at rows H, H-1, ..., r+1. So for column j, the current "occupied" rows are those with bars placed. The bar that is closest to the top among those placed is the one with the smallest row, say b_j. Then, for a new bar to be placed at row r, it must be that for each column j, the cell (r, j) is empty (obviously) and that the cell (r+1, j) is either empty or occupied. But the crucial condition for not moving further down: at least one column j must have cell (r+1, j) occupied. Also, the bar cannot move down if any column has an occupied cell below, but it also cannot move down if the cell below is empty? Wait, it moves down only if all cells below are empty. So it stops if at least one cell below is occupied. So if there is any column j where (r+1, j) is occupied, the bar stops. So the bar can be placed at r if there exists at least one j in interval such that (r+1, j) is occupied by a previously placed bar. And also, for all j, (r, j) is empty (which it is, as we haven't placed there yet). Also, the bar itself must not start above r? Actually, it can only fall down, so its final row cannot be above its start row. So r >= R_i? Actually, it moves down, so final row >= initial row? No, it moves down, so final row > initial row? If it moves down, row number increases. So final row >= initial row. So r >= R_i. So we only consider r >= R_i.

Now, we need to decide for each bar which row it ends at. This is similar to a "falling" simulation where we drop bars from top to bottom, and they land on the "first" available support. If we process bars in order of increasing start row (top to bottom), and we have a data structure that tells us for each column the "current height" of the topmost occupied cell (the lowest row number), then we can drop a bar and it will fall until it "hits" an occupied cell in at least one column of its interval. But since the occupied cells are from bars that have already settled (those processed earlier), and those bars are above? Wait, if we process top to bottom, bars processed earlier are those that start above. They will settle at some rows. Then when we process a bar that starts below, it will fall onto those previously settled bars. That seems plausible: if a bar starts below, it could be blocked by bars that started above but have fallen down to a lower row? Actually, bars that start above can fall down, so they can end up below a bar that starts lower. In sample1: bar1 starts at row1, bar3 starts at row2. If we process bar1 first (top), it falls to some row (maybe row4). Then bar3, starting at row2, would fall onto bar1 if bar1 ends at row4? But bar1 actual final is row2, so it would be above bar3? Actually bar3 ends at row3, bar1 at row2. So bar1 ends above bar3. So if we process top to bottom, bar1 would be processed first; if it falls to row4, then bar3 would fall to row4 as well? But they overlap in columns? bar1 cols2-4, bar3 cols1-2, they overlap at col2. So bar3 would land on top of bar1 at row4? Actually bar1 at row4 would block bar3 from falling further because col2 has bar1 at row4, so bar3 would stop at row3? But bar1 is at row4, so bar3 would have to be at row3 to be directly above bar1? Because for bar3 to be blocked by bar1, we need bar1 directly below bar3. If bar1 is at row4, then bar3 would be at row3 (directly above) and then cannot move down because col2 has bar1 below. That would give bar3 at row3, bar1 at row4. But in actual, bar1 is at row2 and bar3 at row3, so the order is swapped. So processing top to bottom with naïve dropping yields bar1 below bar3, while actual is bar1 above bar3. So that's not correct.

What about processing bottom to top? If we process bars that start lower first, we might get correct ordering. In sample1, bars starting lower: bar2 at row3, bar3 and bar4 at row2, bar1 at row1. Process bar2 first: it can fall to bottom (row4). Then process bar3 and bar4 (both start row2). For bar3, interval cols1-2. The current state: bar2 is at row4 cols2-3. So column2 has a bar at row4, column1 has none. So bar3 can fall. It will fall until it hits an obstacle. Since column1 has no obstacle, it would fall all the way to row4? But then at row4 col1, is it occupied? No. So bar3 would fall to row4? But then it would occupy row4 col1-2, overlapping with bar2 at col2. That would be a conflict because two bars cannot occupy same cell. So we need to avoid that. But in our dropping algorithm, we must ensure that when a bar falls, it must not overlap with existing bars. So we need to find the lowest row such that the bar's interval does not intersect any existing bars. That is, we need to find the maximum row r (>= starting row) such that for all columns j in its interval, the cell (r, j) is empty. Then it can settle there (if it can also have blocking below). But if it can go all the way to row4, it would have to occupy row4 col1 and col2, but col2 is already occupied by bar2 at row4. So it cannot land there. So it must stop at the first row where the entire interval is free. It will fall until either it hits bottom (and if bottom row is free, it lands there) or it would overlap with an existing bar. Actually, the condition for moving down is that all cells directly below are empty. So as it falls, at each step it checks if the row below is completely free in its interval. If it is, it moves down. So it continues until it reaches a row where the row below has at least one occupied cell in its interval. Then it stops at that row. So the final row r must satisfy: for all j in interval, cell(r+1, j) is either occupied or r=H; and also cells at row r are empty (by construction). So to compute the final row given a static set of obstacles (bars that have already settled), we can find the highest row r (lowest number) such that for each column j, the cell (r+1, j) is occupied by some settled bar? No, that's not the condition; it's that the cell (r+1, j) is occupied for at least one j, and for all j, the cell (r, j) is empty. But we also need that for all rows below r+1, the bar could have moved? Actually, we need to find the highest row r (largest number) starting from its start row, such that the row r is free and the row r+1 is not completely free (i.e., at least one occupied). But we also need that for all rows between start row and r, the bar could move because the row below was completely free. So essentially, the bar will fall until it reaches the first row where the row below has at least one obstacle. So we can think of the "obstacle height" for each column: the row of the highest obstacle (closest to top) in that column. Then for a bar, it will fall to the row just above the minimum over its columns of (obstacle height? Actually, if we consider each column j, define h_j as the row of the first obstacle from the top? That is, the smallest row (closest to top) that is occupied? But obstacles are below, so we want the first obstacle encountered when falling from above. Starting from its start row, it looks at the row directly below. If for all columns, the cell below is empty, it moves down. So it will keep moving down until it reaches a row where for some column, the cell below is occupied. So the final row is the largest row r such that for all j, the cell (r+1, j) is empty. That is, r is the maximum row such that the entire interval in row r+1 is empty. So if we define for each column j the smallest row (closest to top) that is occupied (i.e., the first obstacle from the top), call it o_j. Then for a bar to be able to occupy row r, we need that for all j, r+1 < o_j, i.e., r+1 is above the first obstacle. So the maximum r such that r+1 < min_j o_j? Actually, r+1 < o_j for all j means r+1 <= min_j o_j -1, so r <= min_j o_j -2. But that's not quite right because obstacles could be at different rows. The bar will fall until the row below it has an obstacle in some column. So if we let m = min_{j in interval} o_j, then the row directly below the bar's final row is m? Because when the bar's bottom reaches row r, the row r+1 is the first row where at least one column has an obstacle. So the bar's final row is r = m - 1. However, we also need that the bar itself does not start below that row; if its initial row is above m-1, it will fall to m-1; if its initial row is already below m-1? Actually, it can only move down, so if initial row is greater than or equal to m-1, it will not move. So final row = max(R_i, m-1) but if R_i > m-1, then it stops at R_i because it's already below the first obstacle? But then the row below might have obstacles? Let's be careful: The bar moves if the entire row below is empty. So if the bar's current row is r, and there is an obstacle at row r+1 in any column, it cannot move. So if at its starting row R_i, the row below (R_i+1) already has an obstacle in some column, then it never moves. So final row = R_i. So general formula: Let f_i = minimum over columns j in interval of (the row of the first obstacle in column j that is below the bar's starting row?). Actually, the obstacle must be at row > R_i? Because if obstacle is above, it doesn't affect. So we need to consider obstacles that are at rows greater than current row (below). So define for each column j, o_j = the smallest row >= ? Actually, we are processing bars in some order, and we have a set of obstacles (settled bars). For a new bar, we want to find the first row below its current position where any column has an obstacle. That row is the minimum over j of the smallest obstacle row in column j that is > current row? But since obstacles are placed, we can precompute for each column the row of the highest obstacle (closest to bottom? Let's define: For each column j, let bottom_j be the row of the highest bar (smallest row number) that is placed? Actually, as we place bars, they occupy specific rows. For a new bar, we need to find, for each column j, the smallest row r such that there is an obstacle at row r and r > current row? But the bar will move down, so obstacles that are higher (smaller row numbers) are above, not relevant. So we need obstacles that are at rows below the current row. So if we are processing bars from bottom to top, we have placed bars at rows greater than current candidate row (since we started from bottom and are moving upward). So when we process a bar that may end at row r, the obstacles we have placed are at rows > r. So for each column, the most recent obstacle placed is at a row > r, so we know the smallest row (closest to current) among those > r? But we need the first obstacle below r. Since we are placing obstacles at lower rows first, the nearest obstacle below r is the one with row = r+? Actually, if we have placed obstacles at rows H, H-1, ..., r+1, then for each column, there might be an obstacle at row r+1 or not. The first obstacle below r is the one with the smallest row > r. So if we know for each column the row of the highest placed obstacle (the one with smallest row number, since we work from bottom up, the highest obstacle is the one closest to the top, i.e., the smallest row number among placed). That would be the first obstacle encountered when falling from above. So we can maintain for each column j, top_j = the smallest row number among obstacles placed in that column (i.e., the highest obstacle). Initially, no obstacles, so top_j = H+1 (sentinel). When we place a bar at row r, we update top_j to min(top_j, r) for j in its interval. Then for a new bar considering row r, the first obstacle below row r is given by the current top_j values: because if top_j <= r, that obstacle is at or above r, not below. If top_j > r, the nearest obstacle below r is at row top_j? Actually, top_j is the smallest row number among placed obstacles. Since placed obstacles are at rows > r (because we place from bottom up), top_j could be <= r if there is an obstacle at row r? But we haven't placed any at row r yet. So top_j > r. So the nearest obstacle below r is actually the one with the smallest row number, which is top_j. So the first obstacle below r is at row top_j. Therefore, the bar will fall until the row just above the minimum of top_j over its interval? Because if for any column j, top_j = r+1, then the row below is blocked. So the bar can fall to row r such that for all j, r+1 < top_j (i.e., r <= top_j -2). The maximum r satisfying this is min_j top_j - 2? But we also need that the bar's final row must be at least its start row R_i. And also we need that there is at least one column where top_j = r+1 to provide a support? Actually, the bar stops when there is at least one column with top_j = r+1. If all top_j > r+1, then the row below is empty, so bar would continue. So the final row r is such that for all j, top_j > r+1, and there exists j such that top_j = r+1? That is restrictive. Actually, the bar stops when the row below is not completely empty. That means min_j top_j = r+1. Because if min_j top_j = m, then in the column achieving the minimum, the obstacle is at row m. So when the bar is at row m-1, the row below (m) has an obstacle in that column. For other columns, row m may have no obstacle, but that's fine; the bar cannot move down because that one column is blocked. So the bar's final row is m-1, where m = min_{j in interval} top_j. But we also need that the bar's start row is <= m-1, otherwise it would be already below that obstacle and cannot move. So final row = max(R_i, m-1)?? Wait, if R_i > m-1, then the bar is already at a row greater than m-1, meaning its current row is below the first obstacle? Actually, if R_i > m-1, then its starting row is lower than m-1. But m-1 is the row above the obstacle. So if the bar starts at row r0 where r0 > m-1, then it is already below the first obstacle (since r0 >= m). In that case, it cannot move because the row below is either occupied or beyond bottom? Actually, if r0 >= m, then there is an obstacle at row m (which is <= r0+1?), if r0 = m, row m+1 might be empty? But since top_j = m means there is an obstacle at row m, and the bar occupies row m, that would be a conflict because the bar cannot occupy the same cell as the obstacle. So the bar's start row cannot be below an obstacle because obstacles are placed later? In our bottom-up processing, we haven't placed the bar yet; we are trying to place it. So its start row R_i is given. If R_i is > m-1, then R_i >= m. But m is where an obstacle exists. That means the bar's start row is at or below an existing obstacle. However, the bar cannot start overlapping an obstacle because initial state has no overlaps. So R_i must be < m (since obstacle at m is from a bar that started at a row? But if we process bottom-up, obstacles come from bars that started at lower rows? In sample, bar2 started at row3, and its final row is 4, so obstacle at row4. bar3 started at row2, which is above row4, so fine. So for a bar, the obstacles that are placed when we process it are those from bars that have lower start rows (since we process bottom-up) and have settled at rows >= current start row? But note, a bar that starts above can fall below, so the obstacles we place may be at rows higher than the start row of the current bar. That's possible. In sample, if we process bottom-up (starting from bar2 at row3), we place bar2 at row4. Then bar3 (start row2) processes; its interval [1,2], top_j values: col1: no obstacle (H+1=5), col2: obstacle at row4. So m = min(5,4)=4, so m-1=3. Since R_i=2 <=3, final row = max(2,3)=3. That matches bar3 final row3. Then bar4 (start row2, interval col4): top_j for col4: no obstacle (5), so m=5, m-1=4; final row = max(2,4)=4, matches. Then bar1 (start row1, interval cols2-4): top_j: col2: obstacle at row4 (from bar2), col3: obstacle? bar2 at col3 row4, so col3 top=4; col4: obstacle from bar4 at row4, so all 4? Actually bar4 at row4 col4, so top=4 for col4. So m = min(4,4,4)=4, m-1=3, final row = max(1,3)=3, but actual bar1 final row is 2, not 3. Why discrepancy? Because bar1 could fall to row2, not row3. In our bottom-up processing, after placing bar2 and bar4, we have obstacles at row4 in cols2,3,4. Then bar1, with m=4, would think it can fall to row3 (since row4 has obstacles). But in actual simulation, bar1 ended at row2, because it was blocked by bar3 (which we placed earlier as row3). Wait, we placed bar3 at row3, which is at col2. That row3 obstacle should be considered. In our processing order, we placed bar2 (row4), then bar3 (row3), then bar4 (row4), then bar1. But we processed bar3 before bar4? Our order was bottom-up by start row: bar2 (row3), then bar3 and bar4 (both row2), then bar1 (row1). But within same start row, we need an ordering. Let's try: process bar2 first (row3 start), place at row4; then process bar3 (row2 start): compute top_j: col1: H+1=5, col2: 4 (from bar2). So m=4, final row=3; we place bar3 at row3, updating top for col1 and col2: col1 now has obstacle at row3, col2 has min(4,3)=3. Then process bar4 (row2 start): interval col4: top for col4 is 5, so m=5, final row=4; update col4 to 4. Then process bar1 (row1 start): interval cols2-4: top_j: col2=3, col3=4 (from bar2), col4=4. m = min(3,4,4)=3, m-1=2; final row = max(1,2)=2. That matches! So processing bars in increasing order of initial row (top to bottom?) Actually, we processed bottom-up: bars with larger initial row (lower positions) first. But we also need to consider that bars with same initial row can be processed in any order? In this case, we processed bar3 before bar4, but bar3 ended at row3, bar4 at row4. The order among same initial row might matter. But in the actual simulation, bar3 and bar4 both started at row2; bar4 (index4) moved to row3 at t=0.5, then to row4 at t=1.5? Actually bar4 moved to row3 at t=0.5, then to row4 at t=1.5. Bar3 moved to row3 at t=0.5, then was blocked. So bar3 final row3, bar4 final row4. In our processing, we placed bar3 at row3 and bar4 at row4, which is consistent. But what if we processed bar4 before bar3? Then bar4 would be placed at row4 (since col4 has top=5), then bar3: interval cols1-2, top_j: col1=5, col2=4 (from bar2), so m=4, final row=3; still bar3 at row3. So ordering within same start row doesn't matter because they occupy different columns, so no conflict. But if they overlapped, the order might matter. In the actual process, the index order determines the final outcome. Since our bottom-up processing uses a specific order based on start row, we need to decide how to order bars with the same start row. In the actual process, the index order matters because bars with higher index move later in each step, so they have a chance to move down further? In our bottom-up algorithm, we are effectively "settling" bars from bottom to top, which is like a reverse of the actual process? The algorithm we just used seems to yield the correct final rows for sample1. Let's test sample2: Input: H=382, W=382, N=3. Bars: (3,3,3), (8,8,8), (2,2,2). Process bottom-up by start row: bar2 (row8) first, bar1 (row3) next, bar3 (row2) last. 
- bar2: start row8, length8, columns8-15. No obstacles, so all top_j = H+1=383. m=383, final row = max(8,382)=382? Because m-1=382, and max(8,382)=382. So bar2 ends at row382 (bottom). Update columns8-15 to have top=382.
- bar1: start row3, columns3-5. top_j: columns3-5: no obstacles (383), m=383, final row=382. So bar1 ends at row382. Update columns3-5 to 382.
- bar3: start row2, columns2-3. top_j: col2: 383, col3: 382 (from bar1). So m=382, final row=381. So bar3 ends at row381. This matches sample output: 382,382,381. Good.

Sample3: Let's test with this algorithm mentally? We'll code and test later. So it seems this bottom-up processing (processing bars in increasing order of initial row? Actually "bottom-up" meaning we process bars with larger R_i first (deeper in the grid). But careful: in sample1, R_i values: bar2=3, bar3=2, bar4=2, bar1=1. So we processed bar2 (largest R) first, then the two with R=2, then bar1. That worked. So we need to process bars in non-decreasing order of R_i (starting from bottom-most start row). But what about bars with the same R_i? The actual process order (by index) may affect outcomes when bars overlap. Our bottom-up algorithm must incorporate the index order to break ties correctly. In sample1, bars with same initial row (2) are bar3 and bar4. They didn't overlap, so order irrelevant. But if they overlap, we need to handle it.

Consider a hypothetical case: H=5, W=3, two bars: bar1: (2,1,2) length2, bar2: (2,2,2) length2? Actually C2 must be <= W-L+1 so (2,2,2) cols2-3. They overlap at col2. Initial: row2: bar1 cols1-2, bar2 cols2-3, so they share col2. This is not allowed by input (no two bars occupy same cell initially). So they cannot overlap initially. But they can become overlapping after movement? They can't occupy same cell. So they might not directly overlap initially but their intervals may overlap later. So if two bars start at same row and have overlapping intervals, they would already overlap because they are on same row. So initial condition prohibits them from overlapping. So bars starting at same row cannot have overlapping intervals. But they could overlap in columns if they are on different rows initially? That's allowed. So when processing bars with same start row, they do not overlap initially. However, after falling, they could end up at different rows and may not overlap? In our bottom-up algorithm, when we process a bar, we consider only obstacles already placed (which are from bars with higher start rows). So bars with same start row, being processed in some order, may affect each other? Since they do not overlap initially, and they are at same row, they cannot be placed at the same row in the final configuration because they would occupy same cells? Actually, they could end up at different rows; one might fall farther. So their intervals might interact later if they fall to overlapping rows. Our bottom-up algorithm processes them sequentially; the first one we place will set obstacles in its columns at its final row. The second one will then see those obstacles and may be blocked, so its final row could be higher. So the order among same start row matters. In the actual process, the order is by index (lower index first in time step). So we need to decide the correct order for our algorithm: should we process bars with same start row in increasing index or decreasing index? Let's hypothesize using the actual process: At t=0.5, bars are processed in index order. For two bars starting at same row, the lower index bar attempts to move first. If they don't overlap, both can move; if they overlap, they can't because initial state forbids overlap. So they are independent initially. But after moving, they might interact. In our bottom-up algorithm, we are effectively placing bars from bottom to top, which corresponds to the final order of settlement. The bar that ends lower (closer to bottom) should be placed first, because it settles first. In the actual process, which bar settles lower? In sample1, bar2 (index2) started at row3 and settled at row4 (bottom); bar4 (index4) started at row2 and also settled at bottom row4; bar3 (index3) settled at row3. So the bar that ends lower might be the one with larger start row, but among same start row? Not in sample. For bars starting at same row (bar3 and bar4), bar4 ended lower (row4). Bar4 has higher index (4 > 3). So higher index ended lower. So maybe for same start row, the bar with larger index ends lower. That suggests that in our bottom-up processing, we should process bars with the same start row in decreasing order of index (larger index first). Let's test with a custom case: H=3, W=2. Bars: A: (1,1,1) length1, B: (1,2,1) length1. They start at same row, different columns, no overlap. Process: At t=0.5, A (index1) attempts: below (2,1) empty, so moves to row2. B (index2) attempts: below (2,2) empty, moves to row2. At t=1.5, A now at row2, below (3,1) empty, moves to row3. B at row2, below (3,2) empty, moves to row3. Final both at row3. So final rows equal. Our bottom-up: process bars with same start row, order doesn't matter; both will fall to bottom. So fine.

Consider overlapping but not initially: bars that start at different rows and overlapping in columns. Like our sample. So the key is to process bars in non-decreasing order of initial row, and for same initial row, in decreasing order of index? Let's test on a scenario where two bars start at same row but have intervals that are disjoint, they can both fall to bottom; order doesn't matter. What if they start at same row but after moving, one might block the other? They cannot block because they are on different columns. So no issue.

Now consider bars that start at different rows but with overlapping intervals. Our bottom-up algorithm with ordering by start row ascending? We used descending start row (largest R first). That worked. So overall algorithm: Sort bars by initial row descending (largest R first). For bars with equal R, sort by index descending? Let's test with sample1: descending R: bar2 (R=3, index2), then bar3 (R=2, index3), bar4 (R=2, index4), bar1 (R=1, index1). If we sort by R descending and then by index descending, we get order: bar2 (idx2), bar4 (idx4), bar3 (idx3), bar1 (idx1). That order processed: bar2 placed at row4; then bar4: interval col4, top=5 -> row4; then bar3: interval cols1-2, top: col1=5, col2=4 (from bar2) -> m=4 -> row3; then bar1: interval cols2-4, top: col2=3 (from bar3), col3=4, col4=4 -> m=3 -> row2. That's same as before (bar3 after bar4 gave same result). So order within same R: index descending (bar4 before bar3) gave correct. If we did index ascending (bar3 before bar4), we already saw it also gave correct because they don't interact? Actually if we did bar3 first, it gets row3; bar4 gets row4; then bar1 also gets row2. So same. So not a strong test.

We need to test a scenario where two bars start at same row and have intervals that are disjoint but later they could interfere? Not possible because they occupy different columns and fall straight down, so they remain separate. So order among equal R likely doesn't matter as long as intervals don't overlap. But could there be a case where bars start at same row, have disjoint intervals, but later they block each other because one falls onto the other? Since they are on different columns, they cannot block because one bar's interval is only its columns; the other bar's interval is different columns, so they never block each other. So no interaction. So we can process bars with same R in any order. But for safety, we can sort by R descending then by index descending, as it might help in some edge cases? Let's think about bars that start at different rows but same R? That's same.

Now consider a scenario with more complex interactions: Bars that start at different rows and have overlapping intervals. Our algorithm seems to work by processing from bottom-most start row upward. Does this always yield the correct final rows? Let's analyze the reasoning.

The idea: The final configuration can be built from bottom to top, because bars that start lower have a tendency to settle earlier (since they are closer to the bottom and have less distance to fall). But is it always that a bar with a larger start row (closer to bottom) will settle at a row >= that of a bar with smaller start row? Not necessarily; in sample, bar2 (R=3) settled at row4, bar1 (R=1) settled at row2, so bar1 ended above bar2. So bottom-up processing (larger R first) places bar2 first, then later bar1 places on top of it. This seems plausible: The bar that ends lower (row4) is placed first, then the bar that ends higher (row2) is placed later, and its final row is determined by the obstacles left by the lower bars. This is analogous to building the configuration from the bottom up: we start with empty, then we insert bars in order of increasing final row (i.e., from bottom to top). So if we can determine the order in which bars settle (i.e., their final rows from low to high), we can process them in that order. But we don't know final rows initially. However, we hypothesize that if we process bars in decreasing order of their initial row (i.e., those that start lower are processed first), then the final row computed by our "drop" algorithm using current obstacles (from already placed bars) gives the correct final row for that bar, and the process yields the overall correct final state. This is similar to a "greedy" algorithm: each bar falls as far as it can given the obstacles that are already placed (which are from bars that are already in their final positions). Since those obstacles are placed at their final rows, and they are all below the current bar's start row (because we process from bottom to top, we have placed bars that start lower, but note that a bar that starts lower can fall to a row that is above the current bar's start row? Actually, bar2 starts at row3 and falls to row4, which is below bar1's start row1? Row4 is below row1. So it's below the start of bar1. So when we later process bar1, the obstacles are at row4, which is below bar1's start, so they are below it. Good. But could a bar that starts lower end up above a bar that starts higher? In our algorithm, we process lower start rows first, so they get placed, and then when we process a higher start row, we place it, and it may end up above the previously placed bars because the obstacles from previously placed bars are below. So the final rows will be non-decreasing with respect to processing order? Actually, if we process from bottommost start row to topmost, the final rows we assign will be non-increasing (since later bars end up higher). That matches the typical stacking: lower bars (higher row numbers) are placed first, then higher bars (lower row numbers) sit on top. So the order seems natural.

But is it always true that a bar's final row can be determined solely by the obstacles from bars that start lower (i.e., with larger R_i) and that have already settled? Could a bar that starts lower end up above a bar that starts higher? Consider a scenario: Bar A starts at row5, bar B starts at row2. A might fall to row3 (if blocked), B might fall to row4. So B ends below A. But B starts higher (row2) which is above A's start (row5)? Actually row2 is smaller number, so B starts above A. In this scenario, B ends below A. So the bar that starts higher (closer to top) can end up below a bar that starts lower. In our algorithm, if we process bars in decreasing start row (A first because R=5 > R=2), then A gets placed first, say at row3 (if it falls). Then B, starting at row2, will see obstacles from A at row3 (which is below row2? row3 > row2, so it is below B's start? Actually row3 is below row2 because row numbers increase downwards. So obstacle at row3 is directly below row2? For B, starting at row2, the cell (3,?) might be occupied by A. So B would be blocked at row2? But if B can fall to row4, it would need to move down through row3, but row3 is occupied in some column, so B cannot move down if that column is in its interval. So B would stop at row2, which is above A's final row3. That's different from the hypothetical where B ends below A (row4 > row3). Could that happen? For B to end below A, B must be able to fall past A. That would require that B's interval does not overlap with A's interval. If they don't overlap, then B can fall through the column where A is not present, and A is on a different column, so they don't interact. In that case, B could fall to row4, A could fall to row3, and B would be below A. But since they don't overlap, their final rows are independent. So our algorithm would still work: A placed first at row3 (assuming no obstacles), then B placed: for its columns, obstacles from A are only in A's columns, which may be disjoint from B's interval, so B's top_j values are H+1 for its columns, so it falls to bottom, say row5? But we have H? Actually if H=5, bottom row5, B could fall to row5. So B ends at row5, A at row3, so B is below A. That's fine. So no contradiction.

What about the case where bars overlap and start at different rows, could a bar that starts above end up below a bar that started below? Suppose they overlap, so they interact. If they overlap and the higher-starting bar ends up below the lower-starting bar, that would mean the higher-starting bar falls through the lower-starting bar, which is impossible because they would have to pass through each other. So if they overlap, the lower-starting bar (which starts closer to bottom) will always end up below the higher-starting bar (since the higher one falls onto it). So the final rows will be such that for overlapping bars, the one with larger initial row (closer to bottom) ends up at a larger row (lower) than the one with smaller initial row. So processing by decreasing initial row (largest first) ensures that when we process a bar, all bars that start lower (larger R) are already placed and are below it (since they are in final position at some row >= R_i? Actually, if a bar starts lower, its final row is at least its start row, so it is >= its start row which is already > the current bar's start row? Not necessarily: current bar's start row is smaller, so the previously placed bars are at rows >= their start rows > current bar's start row, so they are below. So they are indeed obstacles below. That's consistent.

Thus, the algorithm is: Sort bars in non-increasing order of R_i (initial row). Process in that order. For each bar, we need to compute its final row as: let m = min_{j in interval} top_j, where top_j is the smallest row among obstacles already placed in column j (initially H+1). Then final row r = max(R_i, m-1). Then update top_j to min(top_j, r) for all j in interval. This seems to produce correct results for samples.

But we need to verify with more cases, especially where multiple bars interact in complex ways. Consider a scenario: H=5, W=5. Bars: A: (1,2,2) columns2-3; B: (2,1,3) columns1-3; C: (3,3,2) columns3-4. Their intervals overlap. Let's simulate manually? It's tedious but we can reason.

But before committing, let's prove the algorithm's correctness.

We need to show that if we process bars in decreasing order of initial row, and for each bar we set its final row as above, then the resulting configuration is the same as the one reached by the original process. This is reminiscent of "discrete falling" with sequential updates, and the order of processing by initial row corresponds to a "topological order" of the dependency graph where if bar i ends up above bar j, then i's initial row is smaller (higher) than j's initial row. Because overlapping bars cannot invert order. So the dependency is acyclic.

A more formal justification: Consider the bars sorted by their initial row descending. We claim that the order in which bars "settle" (i.e., stop moving) is consistent with this order. Actually, in the actual process, a bar can move many times, but eventually it stops. It might be that a bar with lower initial row (higher up) stops earlier than a bar with higher initial row? Not necessarily. But the final configuration is built from bottom to top: the bars that end lower (larger row number) are "supporting" the bars above. Since the final rows are monotonic with respect to initial rows for overlapping bars, we can process them from bottom to top.

A common technique in such problems (falling blocks with horizontal segments) is to process bars in order of increasing "y" (or decreasing) and use a segment tree to maintain the "height" of each column, and then each bar's height is the minimum height in its interval, then it sets that interval to that height - 1 (or something). This is known from problems like "Falling Bricks" or "ABC 257 F - Teleporter and Closed off" no.

Actually, I recall an AtCoder problem: "ABC 273 Ex - Inv(0,1)..." no. Maybe it's "ABC 279 F - BOX"? No.

Let's test algorithm on sample3 to ensure it matches:

Sample3 Input:
5 10 8
2 2 1 -> bar1: R=2,C=2,L=1
4 3 1 -> bar2: R=4,C=3,L=1
4 8 2 -> bar3: R=4,C=8,L=2 (cols8-9)
1 2 2 -> bar4: R=1,C=2,L=2 (cols2-3)
2 5 3 -> bar5: R=2,C=5,L=3 (cols5-7)
5 4 3 -> bar6: R=5,C=4,L=3 (cols4-6)
4 5 2 -> bar7: R=4,C=5,L=2 (cols5-6)
1 5 2 -> bar8: R=1,C=5,L=2 (cols5-6)

List bars with (index, R, C, L):
1: (1,2,2,1)
2: (2,4,3,1)
3: (3,4,8,2)
4: (4,1,2,2)
5: (5,2,5,3)
6: (6,5,4,3)
7: (7,4,5,2)
8: (8,1,5,2)

We'll process in decreasing R: first R=5: bar6 (R=5). Then R=4: bars 2,3,7. Then R=2: bars1,5. Then R=1: bars4,8.

Initialize top_j = H+1 = 6 for all j=1..10.

Process bar6 (R=5, cols4-6): m = min(top[4],top[5],top[6]) = 6, so m-1=5, final row = max(5,5)=5. So bar6 ends at row5 (bottom). Update top[4]=5, top[5]=5, top[6]=5.

Process bars with R=4. Order? We need to decide order among them. For correctness, we should probably process in decreasing index? Or any order? Since they start at same row, they cannot overlap initially, but they may interact as they fall. Let's compute for each possible order.

First, list the three bars:
- bar2: (2,4,3,1) col3 only.
- bar3: (3,4,8,2) cols8-9.
- bar7: (7,4,5,2) cols5-6.

Observe that bar7's interval cols5-6 overlaps with bar6's interval (cols4-6) at cols5-6. bar2's col3 is separate. bar3's cols8-9 separate. So only bar7 interacts with previous obstacles.

Let's process in order of decreasing index? Since larger index might settle lower. But we need to see actual final rows from sample output: Output for sample3:
1:5
2:5
3:5
4:4
5:3
6:5
7:4
8:2

So bars indices: bar1:5, bar2:5, bar3:5, bar4:4, bar5:3, bar6:5, bar7:4, bar8:2.

Thus, bar7 (idx7) final row 4, bar2 and bar3 final row 5. So bar7 ends at row4, while bar2 and bar3 end at bottom row5. So bar7 does not fall to bottom. In our algorithm, when processing bar7, it should get m = min(top[5],top[6]) = min(5,5)=5, so m-1=4, final row = max(4,4)=4. So bar7 ends at row4. Good.

Now, what about bar2 and bar3? For bar2: col3, top[3]=6, so m=6, final row = max(4,5)=5. So row5. For bar3: cols8-9, top[8]=6, top[9]=6, final row=5. So both go to row5. So after processing bar7, we update top[5] and top[6] to min(5,4)=4? Actually after placing bar7 at row4, we update top[5]=min(5,4)=4, top[6]=min(5,4)=4. So now obstacles at row4 in cols5-6.

Now process bar2 and bar3; they don't use those columns, so unaffected. So final for bar2, bar3 =5. So this matches.

Now process R=2 bars: bar1 (R=2,col2,L=1) and bar5 (R=2, col5, L=3 cols5-7). Current top: col2=6, col5=4, col6=4, col7=6.
bar1: m = top[2]=6, final row = max(2,5)=5. So bar1 would end at row5? But sample says bar1 ends at row5? Yes, output says 5 for bar1. Good.
bar5: interval cols5-7. top[5]=4, top[6]=4, top[7]=6 -> m=4, final row = max(2,3)=3. So bar5 ends at row3. Update top[5]=min(4,3)=3, top[6]=min(4,3)=3, top[7]=min(6,3)=3. So now cols5-7 have top=3.

Now process R=1 bars: bar4 (R=1, cols2-3) and bar8 (R=1, cols5-6). Current top: col2=6, col3=6, col5=3, col6=3.
bar4: m = min(top[2],top[3]) = 6, final row = max(1,5)=5. So bar4 ends at row5? But sample says bar4 final row = 4. So discrepancy! Let's see: bar4 is index4, output says 4. So our algorithm gives 5, but correct is 4. This indicates our algorithm fails for bar4. Let's re-evaluate.

We must have made a mistake in processing order or in the algorithm. Perhaps we need to process bars in decreasing R, but for same R, we need to process in decreasing index? Let's check the actual final rows for bars: bar4 (idx4, R=1) ends at row4, not row5. In our simulation, after processing all bars with R>=2, we had obstacles: at row5: bar6 (row5 cols4-6), bar2 (row5 col3), bar3 (row5 cols8-9), bar1 (row5 col2) - bar1 we placed at row5, so col2 has obstacle at row5. Also bar7 at row4 cols5-6, bar5 at row3 cols5-7. So for bar4 (R=1, cols2-3): to compute final row, we need the minimum top_j in its interval. top[2] is currently? After placing bar1 at row5, we updated top[2] to min(6,5)=5. top[3] is from bar2 at row5? bar2 placed at row5 col3, so top[3]=5. So m = min(5,5)=5, final row = max(1,4)=4. Wait, we earlier said top[2]=6, but we forgot that bar1 (R=2) was placed at row5, which updated top[2] to 5. In our earlier step, we processed bar1 and set top[2]=5. So then when processing bar4, top[2]=5, top[3]=5, so m=5, final row=4. That gives correct final row 4! In my manual previous step, I mistakenly said top[2]=6 after processing bar1, but actually bar1 updated it to 5. So algorithm gives bar4 final row=4. Good.

Now bar8: R=1, cols5-6. top[5]=3, top[6]=3 -> m=3, final row = max(1,2)=2. Correct matches sample output (bar8=2). So algorithm works for sample3.

Thus, the algorithm: sort bars by R_i descending (largest first), and for each bar in that order, compute m = min_{j in interval} top_j, where top_j is the current minimum row (closest to top) of an obstacle in column j (initially H+1). Then final row r = max(R_i, m-1). Then update top_j = min(top_j, r) for all j in interval. That's it.

We need to verify that this always yields the correct final rows. This algorithm essentially simulates the "settling" from bottom to top. Let's attempt to prove: In the final state, for each column j, the set of rows occupied by bars is such that the highest occupied row (smallest row number) is the "top" of that column's stack. For a bar that ends at row r, it must be that for each column j in its interval, the row r is free, and the row r+1 is either out of bounds or occupied by some bar (since otherwise the bar could still move down). Moreover, among all columns, the smallest occupied row below r (i.e., the first obstacle) is exactly r+1 (by the bar that is directly below it in at least one column). In our algorithm, when we process a bar, the values top_j represent the smallest row number of obstacles already placed in column j. Since we process from bottom-most start row to top, all obstacles already placed are at rows that are >= R_i? Actually, because previous bars have start rows >= current R_i, and their final rows are at least their start rows, so they are >= current R_i. So they are below the current bar's start (since row numbers increase downward). So they are obstacles below. Then the bar will fall until the row just above the minimum of these obstacles, because in that column the obstacle is directly below. Thus, final row = (min top_j) - 1. However, if the bar's start row is already below that (i.e., R_i > (min top_j) - 1), then it is already below the obstacle, meaning it cannot move down because the row below may be occupied? Actually, if R_i > m-1, then R_i >= m. Since m is the smallest row among obstacles, there is an obstacle at row m; for the bar at row R_i, the row below is R_i+1, which may be > m, so that obstacle might be above it? Wait, row numbers: top_j is the smallest row number (closest to top). So if R_i >= m, then at the column with top_j = m, the obstacle is at row m, which is <= R_i? Since R_i >= m, then the obstacle is at or above the bar's current row? But obstacles are below? Actually, row numbers increase downward, so a smaller row number is closer to the top. So if top_j = m, and R_i >= m, then the obstacle is at a row that is above the bar's current row? For example, m=3, R_i=4: obstacle at row3, bar at row4, so obstacle is above, not below. That would mean the bar is already below an obstacle, but that can't happen because obstacles are placed from bars that have already settled and are supposed to be below. In our processing order, we process larger R_i first, so when we process a bar with R_i smaller, the obstacles we have placed are from bars with larger R_i, which have final rows >= their start rows >= larger R_i > current R_i. So for current bar, R_i < previous bars' final rows? Actually, if previous bar has start row larger, its final row is at least that, so it is strictly greater than current R_i. So top_j > current R_i. So top_j > R_i. So m > R_i. So R_i < m, thus R_i < m, so R_i <= m-1. So the final row = m-1 is at least R_i. So the max(R_i, m-1) is just m-1. So the max is redundant? Actually, if R_i < m, then m-1 >= R_i, so final row = m-1. If R_i == m? That can't happen because m > R_i always from ordering. So indeed we could just set final row = m-1. However, consider a bar that starts at the bottom row H? Then m = min top_j, top_j initially H+1, so m = H+1, m-1 = H, final row = H. That's fine. So the max is not needed if we ensure we process in strictly decreasing R. But if bars have same R, then top_j might be equal to R? Possibly? If two bars start at same row, and the first one (with larger index) gets placed at some row >= R, then when processing the second, top_j might be exactly R (if the first bar ended at that row). Then R_i = R, top_j = R, so m = R, m-1 = R-1, which is less than R_i. But can that happen? If two bars start at the same row, they cannot occupy the same columns initially. So the first bar's final row could be R or lower. If it remains at R (because it didn't move), then top_j = R for its columns. Then for the second bar, if its interval overlaps with those columns, it would have m = R, and final row would be R-1, which is less than its start row R. But can it move up? No, bars only move down. So it cannot go to row R-1 because that's above its start. So in that case, the bar should stay at R. So our formula needs to cap at R_i. Hence the max(R_i, m-1) is necessary for same start row cases. But do such cases occur? Consider two bars starting at same row with overlapping intervals? They cannot overlap initially because they'd occupy same cell. So if they start at same row, they are in disjoint columns. So the second bar's interval does not include any column from the first bar's interval. So top_j for its columns are not affected by the first bar. So m will be > R_i (since no obstacles in its columns). So m-1 >= R_i. So max not needed. However, consider bars that start at same row but one could fall and then block the other? Since they are in different columns, they don't block. So no issue. But what about bars that start at different rows but have same R? no. So maybe the max is not needed, but it's safe to include.

Nevertheless, the algorithm is: sort by R descending, then within same R, any order (maybe descending index to be safe). Then for each bar, compute m = minimum of top_j over j in interval. Then r = max(R_i, m-1). Then for each j in interval, update top_j = min(top_j, r). Finally, output r for each bar in original order.

Now we need to implement this efficiently. H, W, N up to 2e5. We need to perform range minimum query and range min update (set each position to min with a value). This is a classic segment tree with lazy propagation for range chmin (range minimum assignment). Actually, we need to support: For a given interval, get the minimum value. Then set each element in the interval to min(current, r). That's a range chmin operation. We can use a segment tree with lazy propagation that supports range minimum query and range update that takes the minimum with a constant. This is typical "segment tree beats"? Actually, range chmin is more complex than simple range assignment, but here we are always setting to min with a value that is non-increasing? Since we are processing bars in decreasing R, the r we assign are non-increasing? Let's see: As we process from bottom to top, the final rows r are decreasing (since we place bars at rows that are high numbers first, then lower numbers). In sample, r values: 5,5,5,5,4,3,2,... Actually, r can be same or decreasing. And we are updating top_j to min(top_j, r). Since r is non-increasing? Not strictly, but it's decreasing overall as we go from bottom to top. Indeed, we process bars with larger R first; their final rows tend to be larger (closer to bottom). So r values are non-increasing as we process? They could be equal (e.g., multiple bars at bottom). So the updates are range assignments with a value that is decreasing. Since we are only ever setting a value to something smaller, and we always take the minimum, we can implement this with a segment tree that supports range assign (to a value) if we know that we always assign to a smaller value. Actually, we are doing range chmin: new_val = min(current, r). Since r is non-increasing and we process intervals, we can think of it as "setting to r" for all cells where current > r. So it's a range assignment to r where current > r, but we don't need to know which cells are greater. This is a typical "range update: set to value if current > value" which can be done with a segment tree that stores the maximum value in the interval, and propagate by comparing with the update value. Since we only need to support range min query and range chmin, we can use a segment tree that handles "range min update" (also called "range assign maximum" or "range chmin" in segment tree beats) but there is a simpler approach because we are processing in a specific order and the updates are monotonic.

Observation: The top_j values start at H+1 and only decrease over time. Moreover, each update sets a range of columns to a value r that is at most the current minimum? Actually, r is less than or equal to current min in that range? Not necessarily because the range may have varying values, and we want to set each element to min(current, r). So if r is less than some values, those decrease; if r is greater, nothing changes. So essentially we are lowering some values to r. Since we only lower, we can maintain a data structure that supports "for a given interval, find the minimum value" and "set all values greater than r to r". This can be done with a segment tree that stores the minimum and the maximum in each node. For range chmin, we can use a standard algorithm: if node.max <= r, do nothing; if node.min >= r, set the whole node to r (since all values >= r). Otherwise, recursively go down. This is a common "segment tree for range chmin" that works in O(log^2 n) amortized? Actually, there is a known data structure: "segment tree beats" supports range chmin and range min query in O((n+q) log n) amortized. But for our constraints (2e5, 2e5), we can likely use a simpler approach: Since we are processing bars in order and each bar's interval length can be large, we might need to handle many updates. However, we could also use a "lazy propagation" where we store the current value and a lazy tag for "set to value if greater". But typical segment tree beats is needed for arbitrary chmin operations. However, there is another insight: Because we are processing from bottom to top, the final rows r are decreasing and each column's top_j only matters as the minimum of all r values that have been applied to it. So effectively, for each column, top_j is the minimum over all bars that cover that column of their final row. So we can compute top_j as the minimum final row among bars that cover column j. That is similar to "interval assignment of minimum" over time. So if we could compute the final rows for bars in an efficient way without explicit range updates, maybe we can use a sweeping approach with a segment tree that stores for each column the current "minimum r" that has been assigned.

Given that N is up to 2e5, we can also use a data structure like a disjoint set union (DSU) to skip already updated columns. Since we are only ever decreasing the value (setting to a smaller number), and each column's value can be updated multiple times, but we can use a "union-find" to skip settled columns if we process in some order. Another idea: We need to compute, for each bar, the minimum value in its interval. That is like a range minimum query. And then we need to update the interval to a value (the final row) which is less than or equal to the current minimum. Since the update value is <= current minimum, the update will set all columns in the interval to this new value (because they are all >= current min >= new value? Actually, if the minimum is m, and we set to r = m-1 (since r = m-1 for that bar), then r < m. So all values in the interval are at least m, so they are all >= m > r, so they become r. So the update effectively sets the entire interval to r. Because the minimum is m, and r = m-1, so r < m <= all values in interval. So the update sets all values to r. That's crucial! Let's verify: For a bar, we compute m = min top_j in its interval. Then r = max(R_i, m-1). Since we process from bottom to top, we have R_i < m? Not necessarily if same start row, but if same start row and bars have disjoint intervals, then m might be H+1, so r = H, and r = H, m = H+1, so r < m. So yes, r < m. Thus, r is strictly less than the current minimum. So all values in the interval are > r, so the update sets them all to r. Therefore, each update is a range assignment to a smaller value (r). So we don't need complex chmin; we just need to assign the whole interval to a new value (r) if we know that the current minimum equals m and r = m-1. But note: The current minimum might not be the same as m if we have already updated some parts? Actually, m is the minimum of the current top_j in the interval. Since the update sets all values to r which is less than m, the new minimum becomes r. So indeed, each update is a range assignment to r, because we are setting the whole interval to r (since all values are >= m > r). So we can treat it as: for each bar, we query the minimum in interval, get m, then r = max(R_i, m-1). Then we set the entire interval to r (overwriting any previous values). That simplifies the data structure: we need to support range minimum query and range assign (set to value). The range assign is just setting everything to a constant. That is standard lazy segment tree. So the algorithm becomes:

- Initialize an array top of length W, all entries = H+1.
- Sort bars in descending order of R_i (and descending index for tie-breaking? not needed).
- For each bar (in sorted order):
   - Query the minimum value over its interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1].
   - Let m = that minimum.
   - Let r = max(R_i, m-1).
   - Update the interval to value r (set each cell to r).
   - Record answer for this bar as r.

- Output answers in original order.

Is this always correct? The key point is that r = m-1 (or max with R_i) is less than m, so the interval assignment is valid. But we must ensure that the minimum m we query is indeed the current minimum and that after assignment, the values are all r. Since we are setting the interval to a value less than the previous minimum, it will become the new minimum for that interval. The subsequent queries will see the new lower values.

Now, let's test on sample1 again with this approach:

Initialize top: all 5 (H=4, H+1=5).
Sorted bars by R descending: bar2(R=3), bar3(R=2), bar4(R=2), bar1(R=1). (I'll keep order arbitrary for same R; but as we saw, order doesn't matter because intervals disjoint? Actually bar3 and bar4 have disjoint intervals, so order doesn't affect result. But let's test with bar3 then bar4.)

Bar2: interval cols2-3 (length2), query min: 5, m=5, r = max(3,4)=4. Update interval to 4. top[2]=4, top[3]=4.
Bar3: interval cols1-2, query min: top[1]=5, top[2]=4 -> min=4, m=4, r = max(2,3)=3. Update cols1-2 to 3. top[1]=3, top[2]=3.
Bar4: interval col4, query min: top[4]=5, m=5, r = max(2,4)=4. Update col4 to 4.
Bar1: interval cols2-4, query min: top[2]=3, top[3]=4, top[4]=4 -> min=3, m=3, r = max(1,2)=2. Update cols2-4 to 2. Final rows: bar2=4, bar3=3, bar4=4, bar1=2. Correct.

Now test on sample2:

H=382, top all 383.
Sorted bars: bar2(R=8), bar1(R=3), bar3(R=2) (since 8>3>2).
Bar2: interval cols8-15, min=383, r=max(8,382)=382, update to 382.
Bar1: interval cols3-5, min=383, r=max(3,382)=382, update to 382.
Bar3: interval cols2-3, min: col2=383, col3=382, min=382, r=max(2,381)=381, update to 381. Correct.

Sample3 we already tested with this method (with updates to interval). Works.

Thus, the algorithm is sound.

Now we need to implement range minimum query and range assign (set to value). With N up to 2e5, segment tree with lazy propagation works in O((N+W) log W). W up to 2e5, fine.

Edge cases: When R_i = H? Then bar may start at bottom and cannot move. Our algorithm: min over interval (maybe some values H+1 initially), m = H+1, r = max(H, H) = H, update interval to H. That's correct. If there are already obstacles at bottom row from other bars? Then m might be H, r = max(R_i, H-1) = H-1? But R_i = H, so max(H, H-1)=H. So bar stays at H. But if there is already a bar at bottom row in some column of its interval, then the bar cannot occupy that cell because it's occupied. But in our algorithm, we set the interval to H, overwriting previous values? That would cause conflict because we are assigning a value to the whole interval, but we must ensure that the new bar does not overlap with existing ones. However, the initial condition guarantees no overlaps, and the process ensures that no two bars occupy the same cell at any time. Our algorithm must preserve that invariant: when we assign r to an interval, it should be that for each column, the new value r is less than the previous top_j (since r = m-1 < m <= previous top_j). Actually, if there is already an obstacle at row H in some column, then top_j = H for that column. Then for a bar that also has that column in its interval and with R_i = H, the query min will be H, m=H, r = max(H, H-1)=H. So r = H, which equals the current top_j! That would mean we are setting the column to the same value. But is that allowed? It would mean two bars occupying the same row H in the same column? That cannot happen. So we must ensure that such a scenario does not occur. But can it occur? Suppose bar A already placed at row H in column j. Bar B has R_i = H and its interval includes j. Since they cannot overlap initially, Bar B's start row is H, so it is at the bottom row. But the cell (H, j) is already occupied by bar A. That would violate the initial condition because no two bars occupy the same cell initially. So such a scenario cannot happen because if bar A already occupies (H, j), then bar B cannot start at (H, j) because interval includes j and its leftmost cell is at C_i, so it would occupy (H, j) if j in interval. So initial state would have overlapping cells, which is disallowed. Therefore, for any column j, if there is already a bar with final row H (i.e., top_j = H), and a new bar with R_i = H and interval includes j, then the new bar's start row H would cause overlap with that existing bar at its start (since that existing bar is at H in that column). But the existing bar is from a bar with larger initial row (since we process in decreasing R, so bars with larger start rows are processed first). Since R_i = H, that's the largest possible. So there can be no bar with larger R. So the only bars that could have placed at row H are those with R_i = H as well? But if two bars have R_i = H, they cannot overlap because initial state prohibits. So they must have disjoint intervals. So in that case, when processing the second such bar, its interval will not include any column that already has top_j = H from the first bar (since intervals disjoint). So m will be H+1, r=H, and update to H on its own columns, no conflict. So safe.

What about a bar with R_i = H-1? It could fall to row H, but there might already be a bar at row H in some column. In that case, m = H, r = max(H-1, H-1)=H-1? Wait, m = H, so m-1 = H-1, and R_i = H-1, so r = H-1. So it stops at H-1, not H. That's correct: it cannot fall into row H because that cell is occupied. So no conflict.

So the range assignment is safe because we always assign a value that is less than or equal to the current minimum? Actually, we assign r which is less than m, and m is the current minimum. Since each column in the interval has value >= m, after assignment, all become r which is < m, so no conflict with existing values? But note that existing values larger than r are overwritten, but those correspond to obstacles at rows > r? For example, if a column had top_j = 10, and we assign r=5, we are saying that from now on, the highest obstacle in that column is at row5, which means we are effectively "placing" our bar at row5, and any previous obstacle at row10 is still there? But we set the column's top to 5, which is smaller, so it indicates that the highest (closest to top) obstacle is now at row5, which is above the previous obstacle at row10. That means we are effectively "covering" the previous obstacle? But physically, if there is already a bar at row10, and we place a new bar at row5 above it, the new bar is above the old one, and the column's top obstacle (closest to top) becomes row5. That's correct. So the update overwrites the old value, because we only care about the topmost obstacle for future bars falling from above. So it's fine.

Thus, the segment tree storing top_j values is correct.

Now, about sorting order: We need to sort by R descending. For equal R, we need to consider index order? In our algorithm, if two bars have the same R and overlapping intervals (which is impossible initially), they would conflict. But since they cannot overlap initially, their intervals are disjoint. So order among them does not affect each other's final row because they occupy different columns and cannot block each other. So any order works. However, consider a scenario: two bars start at same row, but their intervals are not overlapping, yet after one falls it might block the other? Since they are in different columns, the falling of one doesn't affect the other's columns, so no. So order is irrelevant. But we still need to be safe: if they have the same R and their intervals are disjoint, processing order doesn't change outcomes. So we can sort by R descending and then by any secondary key (e.g., index). It shouldn't matter.

Implementation details:

- We have 1-indexed columns. Use segment tree with 0-index or 1-index. We'll use 0-index for ease.
- For each bar, we have C_i, L_i. The interval is [C_i-1, C_i+L_i-2] in 0-index.
- Initialize segment tree with value H+1 (or H+1 as sentinel; note that H can be up to 2e5, so H+1 <= 200001, fits in int).
- We'll implement a lazy segment tree with two operations: range min query and range assign (set to value). Standard lazy propagation: each node stores minimum and a lazy tag for assignment (or -1 if no assignment). For range assign, we set node.min = value, and set lazy tag = value. For query, we propagate lazy.

Complexities: O((N+W) log W).

Now, we should test with the given samples.

Let's code in Python. Since W up to 2e5, segment tree with size 2^ceil(log2(W)). Recursion may be deep, but Python recursion limit can be adjusted. We can implement iterative segment tree with lazy propagation? It's more complex. We'll implement recursive segment tree with lazy.

Potential issue: Python recursion depth for segment tree of size 2e5 ~ log2(2e5) ~ 18, so recursion depth is fine.

Implementation plan:

- Read H, W, N.
- Create list of tuples (R_i, C_i, L_i, original_index).
- Sort list by R_i descending.
- Build segment tree for size W (0-indexed). Initialize all with H+1.
- Initialize ans array of length N.
- For each bar in sorted order:
    - l = C_i-1, r = C_i+L_i-2 (inclusive).
    - m = seg.query(l, r) -> minimum value.
    - final_row = max(R_i, m-1)
    - ans[original_index] = final_row
    - seg.update(l, r, final_row)  // set to final_row
- Output ans each on its own line.

Now confirm that update sets to final_row even if final_row equals current min? That's fine.

Edge Cases:

- If a bar's interval is length 1, it's fine.
- If bar's start row is H, then m >= H+1? Actually, if there are no obstacles, m = H+1, final_row = H. If there are obstacles at row H in its column? Not possible due to initial condition. So okay.
- If bar's start row is H+1? Not possible.

Now we should also consider that the segment tree range assign operation should set all values in the range to a constant. That's straightforward with lazy.

Now test with sample3 to ensure correct.

We'll also test additional cases manually.

Potential pitfalls: The query returns minimum, but we need to be sure that after previous updates, the values represent the topmost obstacle (smallest row). Since we always set to a smaller number, it's fine.

Now, we need to output R'_i for each bar in input order.

Let's code.

But wait: We must consider that the algorithm uses the fact that r = m-1, and we set the interval to r. This holds because we process in decreasing R. But what about when a bar's interval is partially overlapping with an interval that already has a lower value (i.e., a bar that started higher but fell to a lower row? Actually, because we process from bottom to top, we never have a situation where an obstacle with a smaller row (closer to top) exists before processing a bar with larger R? Because those obstacles are from bars that started higher? But we start with bottom-most start rows, so any obstacle we place has row >= its start row, which is large. Later we process bars with smaller start rows; they will place obstacles at smaller row numbers (higher up). So the values are decreasing over time. So before processing a bar, the obstacles in its interval are all at rows larger than its start row? Not necessarily: if a bar that started higher but was processed later? But we process in decreasing start row, so any obstacle placed earlier has a larger start row, and its final row is at least that start row, so it's at least as large (in row number) as the current bar's start row? Actually, current bar's start row is smaller, so obstacles placed earlier have row numbers >= current bar's start row? For example, current bar R=2, earlier obstacle placed from bar with R=3, its final row might be 4, which is >2. So it's below. So all obstacles are below. So no obstacle above current bar's start. So when we query min, we get the smallest row number among obstacles below, which is the largest number? Wait, row numbers increase downward, so "below" means larger row numbers. The smallest row number among obstacles is the one closest to the top, but since all obstacles are below, the smallest row number is actually the highest obstacle (closest to the bar). For example, obstacles at rows 4 and 5, min=4, which is the one just below. So the final row is one above that, i.e., 3. That's correct. So our interpretation is consistent.

Thus, the algorithm is validated.

Now implement segment tree.

We'll implement a class SegTree:

- __init__(self, n, init_val): build tree of size n, store min in each node.
- _build(node, l, r) maybe not needed if we initialize recursively.
- update(node, l, r, ql, qr, val): set range to val.
- query(node, l, r, ql, qr): return min.

Use list for tree and lazy.

We'll use 1-indexed tree nodes for simplicity (root=1). Size: 4*n.

Pseudo:

class SegTree:
    def __init__(self, n, init):
        self.n = n
        self.size = 1
        while self.size < n: self.size <<= 1
        self.tree = [init] * (2*self.size)
        self.lazy = [None] * (2*self.size)  # None means no lazy assign
        # Actually, we can use a sentinel like -1 for no lazy.

But for lazy propagation, we need to store at each node. We'll use recursive implementation.

Simplify: Use iterative segment tree with lazy? Not straightforward for range assign. Use recursive.

Given that W <= 200000, depth ~ 18, recursion is fine.

Implementation:

class SegTree:
    def __init__(self, n, default):
        self.n = n
        self.default = default
        self.tree = [default] * (4*n)
        self.lazy = [None] * (4*n)  # None means no pending assign

    def _apply(self, node, val):
        self.tree[node] = val
        self.lazy[node] = val

    def _push(self, node):
        if self.lazy[node] is not None:
            self._apply(node*2, self.lazy[node])
            self._apply(node*2+1, self.lazy[node])
            self.lazy[node] = None

    def update(self, ql, qr, val):
        self._update(1, 0, self.n-1, ql, qr, val)

    def _update(self, node, l, r, ql, qr, val):
        if ql <= l and r <= qr:
            self._apply(node, val)
            return
        self._push(node)
        mid = (l+r)//2
        if ql <= mid:
            self._update(node*2, l, mid, ql, qr, val)
        if qr > mid:
            self._update(node*2+1, mid+1, r, ql, qr, val)
        self.tree[node] = min(self.tree[node*2], self.tree[node*2+1])

    def query(self, ql, qr):
        return self._query(1, 0, self.n-1, ql, qr)

    def _query(self, node, l, r, ql, qr):
        if ql <= l and r <= qr:
            return self.tree[node]
        self._push(node)
        mid = (l+r)//2
        res = float('inf')
        if ql <= mid:
            res = min(res, self._query(node*2, l, mid, ql, qr))
        if qr > mid:
            res = min(res, self._query(node*2+1, mid+1, r, ql, qr))
        return res

This should work. Note: We must ensure that the tree is built with default values. Since we always set to a value, we don't need initial build beyond setting tree array to default. The default is H+1.

Now, one more corner: The intervals are inclusive. We'll use 0-indexed.

Check if any bar might have L_i such that C_i+L_i-1 > W? The constraint says L_i ≤ W - C_i + 1, so within bounds.

Now, we must output in original order.

Let's code with reading input.

We'll handle up to 2e5, Python recursion depth might be okay (max depth about 2*log2(200000) ~ 18), but recursion in segment tree might go deeper due to many calls, but not in depth. The recursion depth per query/update is O(log n), fine.

Now, final code.

But before finalizing, let's test with a custom case where bars have same start row but overlapping intervals after falling? That can't happen because they'd overlap initially if they have same start row and overlapping intervals. So safe.

What about a bar that starts at a row that is already occupied by a bar that fell from above? That can't happen because we process bottom-up, so bars from above are processed later.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, complexity: O(N log W). Good.

Now write full solution.

We need to be careful with integer types: H+1 fits in Python int.

Now, produce final answer.

Let's code.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
```python
import sys

# ------------------------------------------------------------
# Lazy segment tree for range assign (set to value) and range min query
# ------------------------------------------------------------
class SegTree:
    def __init__(self, n, default):
        self.n = n
        self.default = default
        self.tree = [default] * (4 * n)
        self.lazy = [None] * (4 * n)           # None means no pending assignment

    # apply an assignment to a node
    def _apply(self, node, val):
        self.tree[node] = val
        self.lazy[node] = val

    # push the lazy assignment to children
    def _push(self, node):
        if self.lazy[node] is not None:
            self._apply(node * 2, self.lazy[node])
            self._apply(node * 2 + 1, self.lazy[node])
            self.lazy[node] = None

    # range assignment [ql, qr] (inclusive) to val
    def update(self, ql, qr, val):
        self._update(1, 0, self.n - 1, ql, qr, val)

    def _update(self, node, l, r, ql, qr, val):
        if ql <= l and r <= qr:
            self._apply(node, val)
            return
        self._push(node)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        if ql <= mid:
            self._update(node * 2, l, mid, ql, qr, val)
        if qr > mid:
            self._update(node * 2 + 1, mid + 1, r, ql, qr, val)
        self.tree[node] = min(self.tree[node * 2], self.tree[node * 2 + 1])

    # range minimum query [ql, qr] (inclusive)
    def query(self, ql, qr):
        return self._query(1, 0, self.n - 1, ql, qr)

    def _query(self, node, l, r, ql, qr):
        if ql <= l and r <= qr:
            return self.tree[node]
        self._push(node)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        res = 10**18
        if ql <= mid:
            res = min(res, self._query(node * 2, l, mid, ql, qr))
        if qr > mid:
            res = min(res, self._query(node * 2 + 1, mid + 1, r, ql, qr))
        return res


# ------------------------------------------------------------
# main solving routine
# ------------------------------------------------------------
def solve() -> None:
    input_data = sys.stdin.read().strip().split()
    if not input_data:
        return
    it = iter(input_data)
    H = int(next(it))
    W = int(next(it))
    N = int(next(it))

    bars = []
    for idx in range(N):
        R = int(next(it))
        C = int(next(it))
        L = int(next(it))
        bars.append((R, C, L, idx))

    # sort by initial row descending (largest R first)
    bars.sort(key=lambda x: -x[0])

    # segment tree over columns (0‑indexed)
    seg = SegTree(W, H + 1)          # initial "floor" = H+1 (imaginary row below bottom)

    ans = [0] * N

    for R, C, L, idx in bars:
        l = C - 1
        r = C + L - 2                 # inclusive
        m = seg.query(l, r)
        final_row = max(R, m - 1)
        ans[idx] = final_row
        seg.update(l, r, final_row)

    # output
    out = '\n'.join(str(x) for x in ans)
    sys.stdout.write(out)


if __name__ == "__main__":
    solve()
```