=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Takahashi, a patissier working at the ABC pastry shop, decided to sell assorted cakes to commemorate AtCoder Beginner Contest 400.
The shop sells N kinds of cakes: cake 1, cake 2, \ldots, cake N.
Each cake has three non-negative integer values: beauty, tastiness, and popularity. Specifically, cake i has beauty X_i, tastiness Y_i, and popularity Z_i.
He considers pairing up these cakes into K pairs without overlaps.
Formally, he will choose 2K distinct integers a_1,b_1,a_2,b_2,\ldots,a_K,b_K between 1 and N (inclusive), and pair cake a_i with cake b_i.
The price of a pair formed by cakes a_i and b_i is \max(X_{a_i} + X_{b_i},\, Y_{a_i} + Y_{b_i},\, Z_{a_i} + Z_{b_i}).
Here, \max(P,Q,R) denotes the greatest value among P,Q,R.
Find the maximum possible total price of the K pairs.
You are given T test cases; solve each of them.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
T
\mathrm{case}_1
\mathrm{case}_2
\vdots
\mathrm{case}_T

\mathrm{case}_i represents the i-th test case. Each test case is given in the following format:
N K
X_1 Y_1 Z_1
X_2 Y_2 Z_2
\vdots
X_N Y_N Z_N

Output

Print T lines. The i-th line (1\leq i\leq T) should contain the answer to the i-th test case.

Constraints


- 1\leq T\leq 1000
- 2\leq N \leq 10^5
- The sum of N over all test cases in each input file is at most 10^5.
- 1\leq K \leq \lfloor \frac{N}{2}\rfloor (For a real number x, \lfloor x\rfloor denotes the greatest integer not exceeding x.)
- 0\leq X_i,Y_i,Z_i \leq 10^9
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

1
3 1
6 3 8
3 5 0
2 7 3

Sample Output 1

12

We form one pair out of three cakes.
If we pair cake 1 with cake 2, the price is \max(6+3,\,3+5,\,8+0) = 9.
If we pair cake 1 with cake 3, the price is \max(6+2,\,3+7,\,8+3) = 11.
If we pair cake 2 with cake 3, the price is \max(3+2,\,5+7,\,0+3) = 12.
Hence, pairing cake 2 with cake 3 gives the highest price, which is 12.

Sample Input 2

2
5 2
1 2 3
1 2 3
1 2 3
1 2 3
100 100 200
6 2
21 74 25
44 71 80
46 28 96
1 74 24
81 83 16
55 31 1

Sample Output 2

209
333

Note that each cake can appear in at most one pair.
Also note that there can be different cakes with identical values of beauty, tastiness, and popularity.
For the first test case, pairing cake 1 with cake 2 gives a price of 6, pairing cake 3 with cake 5 gives a price of 203, and choosing these two pairs yields a total price of 209, which is the maximum.  
For the second test case, pairing cake 2 with cake 3 gives a price of 176, pairing cake 4 with cake 5 gives a price of 157, and choosing these two pairs yields a total price of 333, which is the maximum.

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to understand the problem: Given N cakes, each with three values (X, Y, Z), we need to form K disjoint pairs (each cake used at most once) to maximize sum over pairs of max(X_i+X_j, Y_i+Y_j, Z_i+Z_j). N up to 1e5 total over test cases, T up to 1000.

We need to compute maximum total price. This is a matching problem on a complete graph with edge weight defined as max of three sums. Since K ≤ N/2, it's like selecting K edges forming a matching to maximize sum. This is reminiscent of maximum weight matching in a general graph, which is polynomial but heavy (blossom algorithm) but N up to 1e5 makes that infeasible. However, the special structure of edge weight (max of three additive terms) might allow a reduction to something simpler.

Observation: For each pair (i,j), the weight is max(X_i+X_j, Y_i+Y_j, Z_i+Z_j). This can be thought of as the maximum over three linear functions. We can think of each cake as a point in 3D with coordinates (X,Y,Z). For two points, the weight is the maximum of sums of coordinates.

We want to select K disjoint pairs maximizing sum of max of sums. This is like we want to pair up cakes such that each pair's weight is large. Since it's a max of three sums, it's like we can assign each pair a "type" based on which sum is the maximum. But we cannot control that.

One typical approach for such problems (like maximum sum of max of two sums) is to consider that the max of sums is equal to max over combinations of signs? Not exactly.

Another viewpoint: For any pair, max(X_i+X_j, Y_i+Y_j, Z_i+Z_j) = max( (X_i+Y_i+Z_i)+(X_j+Y_j+Z_j) - (Y_i+Z_i+Y_j+Z_j), ... ) Not helpful.

Alternatively, we could consider that we want to maximize sum of max of three sums. Since max is convex, but sum of max is not obviously convex.

Maybe we can reformulate: For each pair, define three possible "scores": score_X = X_i+X_j, score_Y = Y_i+Y_j, score_Z = Z_i+Z_j. The weight is the maximum of these. So we can think of each pair as contributing the maximum of three linear sums. This suggests that the total weight is at least the sum of any one of these three sums over the matching, but we want the max.

Perhaps we can consider that the optimum matching will choose for each pair the coordinate that gives the highest sum. Since we want to maximize total, we might try to assign each pair a "orientation" (which coordinate sum is maximal) and then pair accordingly. But that orientation depends on the pair.

Another angle: For any pair (i,j), the weight = max(X_i+X_j, Y_i+Y_j, Z_i+Z_j) = max_{t∈{X,Y,Z}} (t_i + t_j). So we can think of three "weighted" graphs, each with edge weight t_i+t_j. The actual edge weight is the maximum over these three. So we want a matching that maximizes sum of max over three graphs.

This is reminiscent of problems where you can consider each possible assignment of a "type" to each pair, and then solve a maximum weight matching in a graph with edge weights being sums, but with the twist that for each edge we take the maximum, which is like we can choose which coordinate to use for each edge. So we could consider that we are allowed to pick, for each paired edge, one of the three dimensions to maximize its sum, but we cannot pick different dimensions for the same edge? Actually, we are forced to take the maximum, so it's as if we can pick the dimension that gives the highest sum for that edge. So the total weight = max_{assignment of dimension d(e)∈{X,Y,Z} to each edge e in matching} (sum_e (t_i + t_j) for that dimension), but with the constraint that for each edge we can only pick the dimension that gives the highest sum? Actually, the max of sums is equal to the maximum over choices of dimension for each edge of the sum of that dimension's sums, but if we choose a dimension that doesn't give the highest sum for that edge, it would be lower, so the optimum overall would naturally pick the best dimension per edge. So we can think: total weight = max_{matching M} max_{assignment d:M→{X,Y,Z}} sum_{e=(i,j)∈M} (d_i + d_j). But note that the inner max is independent per edge, so it's sum_e max_{d∈{X,Y,Z}} (d_i+d_j). So our objective is indeed that.

Now, since we can choose per edge which dimension to use, we could try to decide for each cake which "role" it plays (which coordinate is used when it is paired). But since the pair's dimension is jointly determined, it's more complex.

Perhaps we can reduce this to a maximum weight matching in a graph with 3N vertices? For each cake, we have three "aspects": its X, Y, Z values. Pairing two cakes using dimension d means we consider d-values. So we could create three copies of each cake (one for each dimension) and then pair them? But then each cake can be used at most once overall, not per dimension. So we need to ensure that each cake is only used in one dimension.

Alternatively, we can think of each pair as contributing the maximum of three sums, which is equivalent to: max(X_i+X_j, Y_i+Y_j, Z_i+Z_j) = (X_i+X_j+Y_i+Y_j+Z_i+Z_j) - min( (Y_i+Y_j), (X_i+X_j), (Z_i+Z_j) )? Actually, max = sum - min of the other two? Not exactly: For three numbers A,B,C, max(A,B,C) = A+B+C - min(A,B,C) - mid(A,B,C). That doesn't simplify.

Another idea: Since N up to 1e5 and K up to N/2, we might consider greedy or DP? But K can be large (up to 5e4). And we need to pick K disjoint pairs maximizing sum of max of three sums. This looks like a classic problem: "Maximum weight matching in a complete graph with edge weight defined as max of additive terms" might be solvable by sorting and pairing extremes. For sums of two numbers, maximum weight matching in a complete graph where edge weight is sum of two node weights (like t_i+t_j) is solved by pairing the largest with the next largest, etc., because sum is additive and matchings are independent if we just take the top values. Indeed, if edge weight is w(i,j) = a_i + a_j, then the maximum total weight for K disjoint pairs is achieved by sorting a_i descending and pairing the largest 2K values in order: (a1,a2), (a3,a4), ... This is because the sum over pairs is sum of all selected a_i, and each a_i contributes exactly once, so it's just sum of the 2K largest a_i. Since we need exactly K pairs, we pick 2K distinct cakes, and sum of their a_i. The pairing doesn't matter because sum of a_i over selected cakes is fixed. So for a single dimension, the maximum total is sum of the 2K largest values in that dimension.

But here we have three dimensions, and we can choose per pair which dimension to use. So in essence, for each cake, we have three values. When we pair cakes, we can decide which dimension contributes to the sum. That means that each cake can contribute its X, Y, or Z to the total sum, but only if it is paired and the dimension used for that pair is the one we choose. However, the dimension is per pair, not per cake: both cakes in a pair contribute their value from the same dimension. So if we decide that a certain cake i is paired using dimension d, then its partner j must also use dimension d, and the contribution from that pair is d_i+d_j.

Thus, the total sum over matching M is sum_{e=(i,j)∈M} d_e(i,j) (where d_e is the dimension chosen for that edge, which is the max of the three sums, so we can assume we always choose the best dimension). So we are essentially selecting a set of 2K cakes, partitioning them into K pairs, and for each pair, we select a dimension that gives the highest sum for that pair. That sum is at least as large as any single dimension sum over pairs, but also could be larger.

We want to maximize total. Since we can choose per pair which dimension, this resembles a problem where we can "assign" each cake to a dimension for the purpose of pairing, but the assignment must be consistent within each pair. This is like a 3-dimensional matching? Might be NP-hard? But given constraints and typical AtCoder problems (ABC 400 problem perhaps), it should be solvable efficiently.

Let's check sample 1: N=3, K=1. Values: (6,3,8), (3,5,0), (2,7,3). If we pair (2,3): X:3+2=5, Y:5+7=12, Z:0+3=3 -> max=12. So total 12. If we just looked at the largest 2K=2 values in each dimension: X largest: 6,3 sum=9; Y largest: 7,5 sum=12; Z largest: 8,3 sum=11. The maximum among these sums is 12, which matches the answer. So perhaps the answer is simply the maximum over the three dimensions of sum of the 2K largest values in that dimension? But sample 2 first test case: N=5, K=2. Values: (1,2,3), (1,2,3), (1,2,3), (1,2,3), (100,100,200). Compute largest 2K=4 values in each dimension:
X: 100,1,1,1 sum=103 (since 100+1+1+1=103)
Y: 100,2,2,2 sum=106
Z: 200,3,3,3 sum=209
Maximum is 209, which matches output 209. So that matches.

Second test case of sample 2: N=6, K=2. Values:
1: (21,74,25)
2: (44,71,80)
3: (46,28,96)
4: (1,74,24)
5: (81,83,16)
6: (55,31,1)
Largest 4 values in X: 81,55,46,44 sum=226? Actually compute: X vals: 21,44,46,1,81,55. Sorted descending: 81,55,46,44,21,1. Sum of top4: 81+55+46+44=226.
Y: 74,71,28,74,83,31 -> sorted: 83,74,74,71,31,28 -> top4: 83+74+74+71=302.
Z: 25,80,96,24,16,1 -> sorted: 96,80,25,24,16,1 -> top4: 96+80+25+24=225.
Maximum of these sums: 302. But sample output is 333, not 302. So the answer is not simply the max over dimensions of sum of top 2K values. So that simple approach fails for that case.

Let's compute the optimal matching given: pairing (2,3) gives price 176, (4,5) gives 157, total 333. Check these pairs:
(2,3): X:44+46=90, Y:71+28=99, Z:80+96=176 -> max=176.
(4,5): X:1+81=82, Y:74+83=157, Z:24+16=40 -> max=157.
So total=333. If we try to capture this with some dimension: The pair (2,3) uses Z dimension (176), pair (4,5) uses Y dimension (157). So the total uses different dimensions for different pairs. So our sum is 176+157=333. Compare to the largest 2K=4 values in each dimension: Y dimension gave 302, but we got 333 by mixing dimensions. So we need to allow different dimensions for different pairs.

Thus the problem reduces to: We need to pick K disjoint pairs, for each pair we can choose the best dimension, and we want to maximize total sum. This is like we have three graphs each with edge weights given by sums of values in that dimension. The actual edge weight is the maximum of these three weights. We need a matching of size K maximizing sum of edge weights (where each edge weight is max across dimensions). This is a maximum weight matching problem on a complete graph with special weights. However, N up to 1e5, K up to 5e4, so we need something more clever.

Observation: Since edge weight for dimension d is d_i+d_j, which is additive, the problem of matching with such weights (if we only had one dimension) is trivial: sum of largest 2K values. With three dimensions, we can think of each cake as having three possible "contributions" if paired in a certain dimension. The decision for each pair is which dimension to use. So we can view it as: we want to select 2K cakes, and a pairing of them, and an assignment of each pair to a dimension, to maximize sum of the chosen dimension values of the two cakes in each pair. But note that for a given set of 2K cakes, the maximum sum we can achieve by pairing and dimension assignment might be more complex.

However, we can think of it as a maximum weight matching in a graph where each vertex is a cake, and we have three types of edges: type-X edges with weight X_i+X_j, type-Y with Y_i+Y_j, type-Z with Z_i+Z_j. The actual weight for an edge is the max of these three. This is equivalent to having a multigraph where each edge has three possible weights, and we take the maximum. So we can consider the problem: choose a set of K edges (matching) such that each edge picks one of the three possible weights (the maximum) and sum is maximized. This is like a "matching with three types of edge weights" where we can choose the best type per edge.

Given that for a fixed dimension, the maximum matching (for sum of edge weights) is simply selecting the largest 2K values in that dimension and pairing them arbitrarily. But when we mix dimensions, we might get a higher total because we can pick different cakes' high values from different dimensions. For example, in the second test case, we have high Y values for cakes 4 and 5 (74 and 83) and high Z values for cakes 2 and 3 (80 and 96). By pairing them accordingly, we get both high contributions. If we only used Y dimension, we would have to pair cake 2 (Y=71) and cake 3 (Y=28) which gives lower Y sum, or we would pair cake 5 (83) with cake 4 (74) and then need to pair cake 2 and 3, but then cake 2 and 3's Y sum is 99 (71+28) vs using Z for them gives 176, much higher. So mixing helps.

Thus we need to consider the possibility of using different dimensions for different pairs.

This problem looks similar to "maximum weight matching in a graph with edge weight given by max of additive terms" which can be reduced to a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph if we can decide on a per-cake basis which dimension it will use? Since each cake can only be used once, if we decide which dimension a cake will "specialize" in when paired, then we pair cakes that share the same dimension. That is, we could assign each selected cake to one of the three dimensions (say red, green, blue). Then we form pairs only within the same dimension, and the contribution from a pair is the sum of the chosen dimension values of the two cakes. The total sum would be sum over dimensions of (sum of values in that dimension over cakes assigned to that dimension, but since each pair contributes two values, the total sum is just the sum of the values of all selected cakes in their assigned dimension. Because if a cake is assigned to dimension d and is paired with another cake also assigned to dimension d, the contribution from that pair is d_i+d_j, so total sum = sum over selected cakes of (assigned dimension value). So the total sum is simply the sum of the assigned dimension values of the selected cakes, provided we can pair them within each dimension (i.e., the number of cakes assigned to each dimension must be even, because we pair within dimension). So if we can decide for each cake which dimension it will contribute (its "active" dimension), and then we need to select a set of 2K cakes, assign each to a dimension, such that the count of cakes assigned to each dimension is even, and we can pair them arbitrarily within each dimension (the pairing doesn't affect sum). Then the total sum is the sum of the assigned dimension values. However, is this always achievable? We need to ensure that for each pair, the actual edge weight max(X_i+X_j, ...) is at least the sum of the assigned dimension values for that pair. But if we assign both cakes to dimension d, then the actual edge weight is max of three sums; it could be that for that pair, another dimension gives a higher sum, so the actual weight could be larger than d_i+d_j. That means our total sum could be higher than the sum of assigned values; we are potentially losing. So to maximize, we would always want the actual weight to be exactly the max over dimensions, which is at least the sum we assigned. So if we restrict ourselves to using only one dimension per pair, we might be underestimating the potential because we could use a dimension that gives a higher sum for that pair. But note: if we assign cakes to dimensions arbitrarily, and then pair them within dimensions, the actual edge weight for a pair from dimension d is max(d_i+d_j, other sums). Since other sums could be higher, the actual contribution would be >= d_i+d_j. So the total sum we compute (sum of assigned values) is a lower bound. But we are trying to maximize total sum, so if we can achieve a lower bound that is already high, it might be optimal. However, could it be that the optimal matching uses a pair where the dimension that gives the max is not the same as the individual assignments we would like? In optimal matching, each pair uses the dimension that gives the highest sum for that pair. That dimension is determined by the two cakes. So if we think of each cake as being "used" in a certain dimension when paired, that dimension is the dimension that gave the max for that pair. So in an optimal matching, each cake is associated with the dimension used in the pair it belongs to. Therefore, we can assign each selected cake to the dimension used in its pair. Then, within each dimension, we have a set of cakes that are paired with each other, so the number of cakes assigned to each dimension is even, and they are already paired. The total sum is exactly the sum of the values of the cakes in their assigned dimensions. So the optimal total can be written as: choose a set of 2K cakes, assign each to one of three dimensions, with the constraint that the number of cakes assigned to each dimension is even, and we want to maximize the sum of their values in that dimension. Because given such an assignment with even counts, we can pair the cakes within each dimension arbitrarily (since the sum of values is additive) and the actual edge weight for each pair will be at least the sum of the assigned dimension values (since we used that dimension), and potentially higher because other dimensions might give larger sums. But wait: If we assign two cakes to dimension d, and pair them, the actual edge weight is max(d_i+d_j, ...). It could be higher than d_i+d_j, so the total we can achieve is at least the sum of assigned values. Could it be strictly larger? Yes, if for some pair, another dimension gives a larger sum, then the actual contribution is larger, so we could get even more. But since we are maximizing, we should consider the possibility that the actual sum can be higher than the assigned sum. However, in the optimal solution, for each pair, the dimension used is the one that gives the max. So if we assign each cake to the dimension that was actually used in the optimal pair, then the sum of assigned values equals the total price. So the optimal total is exactly equal to the maximum possible sum of assigned values over a selection of 2K cakes with even counts per dimension, because we can always achieve at least that assigned sum (by pairing within dimension) and we cannot exceed it if we restrict to that assignment, but the actual optimum might use a different assignment that gives even higher sum? Actually, the optimum already gives some assignment (the used dimension per cake). So the optimum corresponds to some selection of 2K cakes with an assignment to dimensions (the dimension used in their pair) such that the number per dimension is even. The total sum is the sum of values in those dimensions. Therefore, the optimum is at most the maximum over all such assignments of the sum of values. But is every such assignment realizable? Given any selection of 2K cakes with an assignment to dimensions that makes the count per dimension even, can we always pair them within each dimension such that for each pair, the dimension assigned is indeed the max? Not necessarily: if we assign two cakes to dimension d, we must pair them. But the actual max for that pair might be another dimension, say d', and then the actual contribution would be d'_i+d'_j > d_i+d_j. That would mean that if we pair them as assigned, we would get a higher total than the assigned sum. So the sum we actually get by pairing within dimensions might be higher, meaning the optimum could be larger than the maximum over assignments of sum of assigned values? But the optimum is defined as the maximum total price, which is the sum over pairs of max(...). So if we have an assignment, and we pair within dimensions, we get a total that is at least the sum of assigned values, but could be higher. So the optimum is at least the maximum over assignments of the sum of assigned values (since we can achieve that assignment by pairing within dimensions, but we might get even higher). In fact, the optimum is exactly the maximum over matchings of sum of max, which is at least the maximum over assignments of sum of assigned values (since we can realize the assignment). However, could the optimum be strictly larger than any such assignment? Let's think: Suppose we have an optimal matching. For each pair, let d(e) be the dimension that gives the max. This defines an assignment of each cake to d(e). The total sum is sum of values in that dimension. So it is exactly an assignment as described (with even counts per dimension). So the optimum is equal to some assignment's sum. Therefore, the maximum over assignments of sum of assigned values is exactly the optimum? Not necessarily, because the assignment derived from an optimal matching may not be the best possible assignment (since the assignment also must be realizable by a matching where each pair's max equals the assigned dimension). But if we can show that for any assignment with even counts, there exists a matching (pairing within dimensions) that achieves total sum exactly the sum of assigned values (or maybe higher), then the maximum over assignments of sum of assigned values would be a lower bound. But is it also an upper bound? The optimum uses some assignment, so it is a specific assignment. Hence the optimum is ≤ max over assignments of sum of assigned values? Actually it's the other way: The optimum is an assignment that is realizable, so it is one element of the set of "realizable assignments". The maximum over all assignments (including those that might not be realizable) could be larger. But we are considering assignments without the realizability constraint that for each pair, the assigned dimension is actually the max for that pair. In our derivation, we considered "assignment" just as a choice of dimension for each cake, with even counts, and we said we can pair them arbitrarily within dimension to get total sum equal to sum of assigned values. That pairing is always possible (since even count). However, the actual price from that pairing is max(...) which could be larger than the assigned sum. So the total we actually get by that pairing is at least the assigned sum, but not necessarily equal; it could be higher. Therefore, for any assignment, there is a feasible matching (the pairing within dimensions) that yields total price at least the sum of assigned values. Hence the optimum is at least the maximum over assignments of sum of assigned values. On the other hand, the optimum is exactly some assignment's sum (the one from its own dimension choices). So the optimum is at least that assignment's sum, but it is also that assignment's sum, so it is the maximum over assignments that are actually used in some matching? But we want to compute the optimum. Since for any assignment we can get at least its sum, the optimum is at least the max over assignments of sum of assigned values. However, the optimum itself corresponds to some assignment, so it is exactly that max? Not necessarily; the optimum could be larger than the max over assignments of sum of assigned values if for the optimal assignment, the actual prices are larger than the assigned sum because some pairs have higher max from other dimensions? But in the optimal matching, each pair uses the dimension that gives the max, so the actual contribution for that pair is exactly the max, which is the assigned dimension sum (since we assigned that dimension). So the total price is exactly the sum of assigned values. So the optimum is exactly the sum of assigned values for the assignment that corresponds to that matching. Therefore, the optimum is equal to the maximum over **realizable assignments** of sum of assigned values. But are all assignments with even counts realizable? Not necessarily; a given assignment might have the property that when you pair within a dimension, the max for that pair might be from a different dimension, which would give a higher sum, so the actual sum would exceed the assigned sum. That would mean the matching we construct from the assignment yields a total price that is potentially larger than the assigned sum, but that's fine; it would be a different matching with a different assignment (if we then reassign each cake to the dimension that actually gave the max, we get a new assignment). So the original assignment is not the one that describes the matching's actual dimension usage; the actual dimension usage might be different. So the set of assignments that are "realizable" as the dimension usage of some matching is exactly the set of assignments that can come from some matching. But we don't know how to characterize that set.

Nevertheless, we have shown that for any assignment (with even counts), we can construct a matching (by pairing within dimensions) that yields total price at least the assigned sum. Therefore, the optimum is at least the maximum over all assignments of sum of assigned values. Call that value M. Also, the optimum is at most something? Could it be that the optimum is actually equal to M? Let's test with sample 2 second test case. Compute M: the maximum over assignments of sum of values (each cake assigned to one of X,Y,Z, with even counts per dimension) over a selection of 2K=4 cakes. This is a combinatorial optimization: choose 4 cakes, assign each to a dimension, such that the number of cakes per dimension is even, and maximize the sum of assigned values. This is like we have 4 "slots" and we need to assign each selected cake to a dimension, with parity constraint. For each cake, we can choose its best dimension (the max of its three values) if we want to maximize sum. But we also need even counts per dimension. So we need to select a subset of 4 cakes and assign them to dimensions (maybe each cake's assigned dimension can be any of the three, not necessarily its maximum) to maximize total sum, with the constraint that the number of cakes per dimension is even. Is this equivalent to the maximum possible total? Let's attempt to compute M for the sample:

Cakes:
1: (21,74,25) -> max=74 (Y)
2: (44,71,80) -> max=80 (Z)
3: (46,28,96) -> max=96 (Z)
4: (1,74,24) -> max=74 (Y)
5: (81,83,16) -> max=83 (Y)
6: (55,31,1) -> max=55 (X)

If we simply take the top 4 max values: 96 (Z), 83 (Y), 80 (Z), 74 (Y) -> sum=333. That's interesting: the sum of the top 4 max values is 96+83+80+74 = 333. And we see that the counts: Z:2 (cakes 2 and 3), Y:2 (cakes 4 and 5) -> both even. So that assignment (assign each cake to its max dimension) yields even counts and sum 333. And we can pair (2,3) in Z, (4,5) in Y, which are exactly the optimal pairs! Moreover, the actual max for pair (2,3) is Z (176), and for (4,5) is Y (157), so the assigned dimensions are indeed the max dimensions for those pairs. So this assignment works and gives exactly the optimum.

Now consider the first sample: cakes: (6,3,8) max=8 (Z), (3,5,0) max=5 (Y), (2,7,3) max=7 (Y). Top 2 max values: 8 (Z) and 7 (Y) -> sum=15, but we cannot have even counts with 1 Z and 1 Y (both odd). So we need to adjust. The maximum sum with even parity might be: take 8 (Z) and 5 (Y) or 7 (Y) and 5 (Y) etc. Let's compute: For each cake, we can assign it to any dimension, not necessarily its max. We need to pick 2 cakes and assign dimensions such that counts are even (2 on same dimension, or 0 and 2). The possible sums: If we assign both to X: X values: 6,3,2 -> best two: 6+3=9; to Y: 3,5,7 -> best two: 7+5=12; to Z: 8,0,3 -> best two: 8+3=11. So max is 12, which matches sample output. So M = 12. So indeed the optimum equals the maximum over assignments (selecting 2K cakes and assigning dimensions with even counts) of sum of assigned values.

Now consider the first test case of sample 2: we computed top 4 max values: 200 (Z), 3(Z), 3(Z), 3(Z) -> sum=209, counts: Z=4, even. So matches.

Thus it appears that the optimal total price is exactly the maximum possible sum of assigned values (each cake assigned to one of the three dimensions) over a selection of exactly 2K cakes, with the constraint that the number of cakes assigned to each dimension is even. And we can pair them arbitrarily within each dimension (the actual price will be at least the assigned sum, but because we choose the assignment to maximize sum, and we can always pair within dimension, we achieve exactly that sum if for each pair the max is actually the assigned dimension? But if for some pair another dimension gives higher sum, then the actual price would be higher, making the total greater than the assigned sum. That would contradict the optimality of the assignment? Actually, if that happens, then by re-assigning those cakes to the dimension that gives the higher sum, we would get an even larger assigned sum, thus the original assignment wouldn't be maximal. So in the optimal assignment (maximizing sum of assigned values with parity constraint), it should be that for each pair we form, the assigned dimension is actually the max for that pair, because if it weren't, we could switch that pair to the higher dimension and increase the sum while maintaining parity? But let's examine: Suppose we have an assignment that maximizes sum of assigned values under parity constraint. We then pair cakes within each dimension arbitrarily. For a particular pair in dimension d, if the actual max is d' > d_i+d_j, then for the two cakes, if we instead assigned them to dimension d', the sum of assigned values would increase by (d'_i+d'_j) - (d_i+d_j) > 0, and the parity of counts would change: we would have two fewer cakes in d and two more in d'. This would change parity: if d and d' are different, the parity of d flips (since we remove two, parity unchanged? Actually, removing two from d doesn't change its parity; adding two to d' doesn't change its parity. So the parity remains even in each dimension. So we could modify the assignment to get a higher sum, contradicting maximality. Therefore, in the maximum sum assignment, for every pair we form by pairing within dimensions, the assigned dimension must be the max for that pair. So the matching we get from pairing within dimensions yields exactly the assigned sum. Thus the optimum is exactly the maximum sum over assignments with even parity per dimension.

Therefore, the problem reduces to: Given N items, each with three values (X_i,Y_i,Z_i), choose exactly 2K items (distinct) and assign each of them to one of the three dimensions (X,Y,Z) such that the number of items assigned to each dimension is even, and the sum of the values (the value in the assigned dimension) is maximized.

This is now a combinatorial optimization that we can solve. It's like we want to select 2K items and for each selected item, we can choose any of its three values to contribute, but with global parity constraints. We can also think of it as: For each item, we have three possible "values" (X,Y,Z). We need to pick 2K of these value picks (one per selected item) such that the counts per dimension are even, maximize total sum.

This is reminiscent of a knapsack or DP with parity states. Since N up to 1e5 and total N across tests 1e5, we can perhaps sort items based on something. Note that we are free to not select some items. So essentially we want to select a multiset of values (each item contributes exactly one value) from the three dimensions, with the constraint that the total number of selections is 2K and each dimension count is even. This is like we have three types of contributions, and we can mix them, but each item can only contribute one of its three values, and we cannot take the same item twice.

We can think of it as a maximum weight independent set? Alternatively, we can consider that for each item, we can decide to contribute either X, Y, or Z, and then we need to select exactly 2K items with contributions, parity constraints. This is a classic problem: "maximum sum of selected values with parity constraints" and can be solved by DP after sorting? But the number of items is large.

Observation: Since all values are non-negative and we are maximizing, we would generally want to select items with high values. The parity constraint forces some trade-offs: we might need to drop a high value from one dimension if it makes a count odd, and replace it with something else to make parity even.

This is similar to the problem of "maximum sum of numbers with parity constraints" which can be solved by considering differences and using a priority queue. More specifically, we can think of initially taking the best 2K values overall (the max of the three for each item?), but then adjust to satisfy parity. Since each item can only contribute one value, we can consider each item's best value (max over dimensions) as its potential. But then we need to ensure even counts per dimension. The problem is that when we select an item, we commit to a specific dimension. So we need to choose which dimension each selected item will contribute.

Because N is large, we need an O(N log N) or O(N) algorithm. Maybe we can think in terms of "greedy with swapping". Since there are only three dimensions, the parity constraint is only about evenness of counts. So we need to select exactly 2K items and assign dimensions such that counts of X, Y, Z are all even. Equivalent to: the total number of selected items is even (2K), and each dimension count is even. That means the sum of counts is even, and each count is even, so the counts are even automatically if the sum is even? Not exactly: even sum does not imply each is even. So we have three parity conditions.

Another way: Define a binary vector (parities of X count, Y count, Z count) over GF(2). The constraint is that the parity of each dimension is 0. Since total count is even, the parity of Z is determined by the other two if we work mod 2 (because even total = X+Y+Z even, so Z parity = X parity + Y parity mod 2). So the condition that all three are even is equivalent to X count even, Y count even (and automatically Z even because total even). So we have two independent parity constraints.

Thus we need to select 2K items and assign each to a dimension, such that the number of items assigned to X is even, and the number assigned to Y is even (then Z is even automatically). So we have a dimension assignment with two parity bits.

This is reminiscent of a "maximum weight subset with parity constraints" which can be solved using a DP with a small state space (2x2 states) if we process items sorted by something? But we need to select exactly 2K items, not arbitrary count. And we can decide which items to select. So it's a kind of "knapsack" with item count and parity, but values up to 1e9, K up to N/2, so O(NK) is impossible.

However, note that we only need to choose 2K items out of N, and each item can contribute one of three values. This is like we have three "tracks" (dimensions) and we need to pick a certain number of items from each track, but the items are the same set. Because each item can only be used once, and we choose which dimension to take from it.

We can think of the problem as: we have an initial set of candidate contributions. For each item, we have three possible contributions: X, Y, Z. But we cannot pick two contributions from the same item. So we need to pick exactly one contribution from each selected item. This is like a 3-part matching? Another perspective: Since we are free to choose which items to select, we can think of it as: we want to find the maximum sum of 2K numbers, where each number is chosen from the three numbers of a distinct item, and the parity conditions hold. This is similar to "selecting 2K items and assigning each a value (one of three) to maximize sum with parity constraints". We can treat each item as providing a triple (X,Y,Z). We need to select exactly 2K items and for each selected item choose one coordinate, such that the number of items choosing X is even, Y is even. This is a combinatorial optimization that can be solved by a reduction to a maximum weight matching in a small graph? Or by considering that we can start with a greedy selection (e.g., take the top 2K values overall, ignoring parity) and then fix parity by swapping some items or adjusting assignments.

Since there are only two parity constraints, we can consider a DP over items sorted by some measure where we maintain the parity states and the number of selected items? But number of selected items is fixed to 2K, and N large, so we need something like a "convex hull trick" or "DP with slope" but this seems overkill.

Another approach: Because the parity constraints are only about evenness, we can think of each item as having a "base" value (say the maximum of its three values) and then we can consider "adjustments" if we need to change the dimension of some items to fix parity. Specifically, suppose we initially assign each item to its maximum dimension. This gives an assignment. Let counts of items in each dimension be cX, cY, cZ. Then we need to select exactly 2K items? Actually we need to select a subset of items (size 2K) and assign dimensions. So it's not that we start with all items. We could first consider taking the top 2K items by their max value, but then parity may not be satisfied. We can then adjust by replacing some items or changing their dimension assignments.

Given that the number of items is large, but only three dimensions, we can consider a "greedy with priority queues" approach similar to solving problems like "select 2K items with two parity constraints" by maintaining the best possible swaps.

One common technique for such problems (e.g., "Maximum sum of K numbers with even/odd constraints") is to consider the difference between taking a value from a different dimension for the same item, or swapping one item for another. Since the parity constraints are only two bits, we can consider DP that tracks the best sum for each parity state after processing items, but we also need to track how many items selected. That would be O(NK) if done naively. However, note that K can be up to N/2, but N total across tests is 1e5, so K large (like 50000). O(NK) is impossible.

But maybe we can sort items and use a greedy selection based on "potential gains" for fixing parity. This is reminiscent of a "maximum weight matching in a graph with three types of edges" where we can use a "dual" approach. Alternatively, we can reduce the problem to a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph of size 3? Wait, maybe we can think of the following: Since we only care about parity, we can consider that we will select 2K items and assign each to a dimension. The parity constraints mean that the multiset of selected dimensions must have even counts. This is equivalent to: we want to maximize sum of chosen values under the condition that the XOR (mod 2) of the dimension counts is zero. This is a classic "maximum weight independent set in a matroid" but with a parity constraint, which is a linear constraint over GF(2). Since the ground set (each item with three possible assignments) is finite, we can solve it by taking the top values and adjusting.

One idea: For each item i, we have three values. We can consider the "best" and "second best" etc. We might want to take all items with high values but need to fix parity. Since the parity conditions are only two bits, we can consider that if we start by taking the top 2K values from the combined set (where each item contributes its maximum), then we examine the parity of counts per dimension. If parity is already satisfied (X even, Y even), we are done. If not, we need to change the assignment of some items or replace some items to fix parity. The number of items we need to adjust is small (at most 2 or 3?) because parity is only mod 2. Indeed, to change the parity of X, we can either flip an item from X to Y or Z (this changes X parity, and also changes Y or Z parity), or we can replace an item with another item that gives a different parity. Since we have only two parity bits (X and Y), the required adjustments can be done by one or two modifications. So we can consider a greedy approach that initially takes the 2K items with the highest max value, assigns each to its max dimension, and then if parity not satisfied, we try to adjust via "best swaps" that change the parity at minimal cost.

But careful: the initial selection may not be the optimal set of items; maybe the optimal set includes an item that does not have a high max value but is needed to satisfy parity. However, because all values are non-negative, the optimal solution will likely consist of high values. Moreover, the parity adjustment is a local correction: we can consider that the optimum can be obtained by taking the top 2K items sorted by some "effective value" that takes parity into account. But because the parity constraint is linear and small, we can use a technique: we first compute the best sum for each parity state (0,0), (0,1), (1,0), (1,1) for exactly m items, where m varies? But m is fixed to 2K, so we need best for exactly 2K items.

We could consider a DP that processes items in order of decreasing "value" and maintains for each parity state the best sum for each possible count? That would be O(NK). Not good.

Another idea: Since there are only three dimensions, we can think of the problem as: for each dimension, we will select a multiset of items (each item used once) such that total selected items = 2K, and each dimension's count is even. So we need to partition selected items into three groups (X-group, Y-group, Z-group) with even sizes. For each item, we can decide which group it goes to, and the contribution is the corresponding value. So it's like we want to choose a vector (cX, cY, cZ) of even numbers summing to 2K, and then for each dimension we pick the top cX items by their X-value, top cY by Y-value, top cZ by Z-value, but careful: an item can appear in only one dimension, so we cannot take the same item for two dimensions. This becomes a selection problem with conflicts: each item can be used at most once. So we cannot simply take top cX items from X independent of other dimensions because the same item might be among the top in two dimensions. This is a multidimensional selection problem.

But note: The number of dimensions is only 3, so we could consider enumerating the parity adjustments relative to picking the top items based on some order. Since 2K up to 1e5, we could consider a "flow" or "matching" with small state? This is reminiscent of "maximum weight of k elements with parity constraints" which can be solved using a "priority queue to find best replacements" when the objective is linear and the constraints are modular.

Let's think more concretely about the parity adjustment approach. We'll consider each item i has three values. Define best_i = max(X_i, Y_i, Z_i). Define the "best dimension" for i as the dimension achieving best_i (if multiple, choose any). Suppose we sort items by best_i descending, and we take the first 2K items. This gives a candidate sum S0 = sum of best_i for those items. However, it may violate parity: let counts in each dimension among these 2K items be (cX, cY, cZ). We need cX even, cY even. If both even, we are done. If not, we need to adjust. How can we adjust? We can either:

- Change the dimension assignment of some selected items (i.e., instead of taking its best dimension, take a different dimension). This reduces the sum by some loss (best_i - second best_i) but changes parity.
- Or, we can replace some selected items with unselected items (that might have lower best_i) to fix parity. This might involve both removing an item and adding another, possibly also changing dimensions.

Since we want to maximize sum, we want to minimize the total loss incurred to fix parity.

Given that the parity is only two bits, we can consider all possible ways to fix parity by making a small number of changes. Typically, we need to change the parity of the counts for X and Y. This can be done by:

- Flip the dimension of one selected item from X to Y (or Y to X) changes X parity and Y parity.
- Flip from X to Z changes X and Z, but Z parity is derived, so effectively changes X parity only? Actually, if X parity flips, then since total even, X+Y+Z even, flipping X flips total parity? Wait, total count is fixed 2K, which is even, so if we change assignment from X to Z, X count decreases by 1, Z count increases by 1. Total count unchanged. So X parity toggles, Y parity unchanged, Z parity toggles. Similarly, from Y to Z toggles Y and Z. So to fix X parity and Y parity, we might need to apply operations that toggle specific bits.

Also, we can replace an item: remove one selected item and add an unselected item. This changes counts in dimensions, and also changes which item is in the set. This can be more complex but can also fix parity. However, if we only consider flipping dimensions of selected items, we are limited to items already selected. That might be enough if the best_i of the selected items are high, but sometimes flipping might not be possible because the second best might be much lower, or flipping might not achieve the needed parity combination. For example, suppose we need to toggle X and Y (i.e., both parities change). Flipping an item from X to Y toggles both X and Y. That is a single operation. Flipping from X to Z toggles X only (and Z), but since Z parity is determined, we might need to fix Y separately. So we may need two operations. So we can consider all possibilities: apply at most 2 operations (since only 2 bits need to be fixed, and we can adjust by combinations). But note: the initial parity state is some (pX, pY) where pX = cX mod 2, pY = cY mod 2. The target is (0,0). We can achieve target by a set of operations that each toggle some bits. The minimal number of operations is at most 2. For example, if (1,0), we can toggle X only (by flipping X->Z or Z->X, or by swapping an item with another that toggles X). So it's plausible that we only need to consider a bounded number of adjustments.

However, we must also consider that the best selection might not be the top 2K items by best_i; maybe skipping a high best_i and including a slightly lower best_i could improve parity with less loss than flipping. But if we take top 2K items and then adjust, we might get the optimum if the adjustments are small. Could there be a case where we need to drop two high items and add two lower items to fix parity, and that yields a better sum than flipping dimension of one high item? Possibly, but then the total loss from dropping two high items and adding two lower items might be larger than flipping. The optimal solution would consider the best combination of swaps. Since we are only dealing with parity, we can consider a "DP" over the sorted list that maintains the best total for each parity state for a given number of items selected, but we can compress the state by noting that we only care about the best few hundred items? Actually, the number of items needed to adjust parity could be arbitrary, but since parity is only two bits, the number of items that need to be different from the greedy selection in the optimal solution might be bounded. More formally, consider that the optimal solution selects a set S of 2K items. Let T be the set of items with the largest 2K best_i values (ties broken arbitrarily). If S != T, then S contains some items not in T and misses some items in T. For any item i in T\S, and j in S\T, we have best_i >= best_j. So swapping i and j would not increase sum if we keep dimensions the same. However, swapping might allow better parity. The net effect of swapping i out and j in could reduce the sum by (best_i - best_j) but may improve parity. Since best_i >= best_j, the swap always reduces sum at least by the difference, unless we also change dimensions for some items. But we can also consider changing the dimension assignment of the swapped items. So the optimal solution can be seen as taking the top 2K items by best_i and then adjusting with a set of "corrections" that might involve replacing some items and/or flipping dimensions. The number of corrections could be bounded because each correction changes parity bits, and we only need to fix at most 2 bits. Thus, we might consider that we only need to consider at most 2 "deviations" from the top 2K set. That is, the optimal solution can be obtained by taking the top 2K items (by best_i) and then making at most 2 modifications (each modification is either changing the dimension of a selected item OR swapping a selected item with an unselected item, possibly with dimension change). Since N is large and K large, this suggests an algorithm: compute the best possible sum for each parity state by considering adding/removing a few items from the top 2K pool.

More concretely, we can perform a "repair" algorithm. First, we have an initial candidate: take the top 2K items by max value, assign each to its max dimension. Compute sum and parity. If parity satisfied, output sum. Else, we need to consider modifications. Possible modifications:

- For each selected item, we can change its dimension to one of the other two dimensions (if the value in that dimension is less than its max, we incur a loss). This changes parity as described.
- For each pair of selected items, we can change their dimensions in some way to fix parity (e.g., change both from X to Y and Y to X? that toggles X and Y? Actually, changing one from X to Y toggles X and Y; changing another from Y to X also toggles X and Y, net effect no parity change; but combined with other changes).
- Also, we can replace a selected item with an unselected item, possibly with dimension assignment. For replacement, we remove an item i from the selected set and add an item j (not selected). The net change in sum is (value assigned to j) - (value assigned to i). We also need to consider the parity change caused by the change in counts of dimensions (since i's dimension changes to none, j's dimension adds). This can be seen as a "swap" operation.

Given only three dimensions, the number of types of such operations is small. We can precompute for each item the best value (max) and the other values. For each dimension, we can also sort items by their values in that dimension. Then we can compute the best possible "swap" or "flip" to adjust parity with minimal loss.

I think this is reminiscent of AtCoder problem "ABC 279 F"? Or "Maximum sum with parity constraints" often solved by maintaining four best candidates for each type of operation. Let's design.

We have 4 parity states: (pX, pY) where pX, pY ∈ {0,1}. Initially, we have state (cX%2, cY%2). We need to reach (0,0). Each operation (like flipping one item's dimension from d to d') incurs a loss (decrease in sum) and changes parity according to which dimensions are affected. For a flip from X to Y: lose (X_i - Y_i) (since we replace X with Y), parity change: X parity toggles, Y parity toggles. Flip X to Z: lose (X_i - Z_i), toggles X. Flip Y to Z: lose (Y_i - Z_i), toggles Y. Also, we could flip from Y to X: lose (Y_i - X_i) (could be negative if X_i > Y_i, but we only consider flips that reduce sum, because we started with max; if we flip to a dimension with higher value, that would increase sum, but if we started with max, all other dimensions are <= max, so flip always reduces sum). Similarly, we can also consider flipping from Z to X or Z to Y, but note that for items where the max is Z, flipping to X or Y reduces sum. So we have 3 possible flip types per item (if max is X, we can flip to Y or Z; etc.). However, the initial assignment may not be the max for all selected items? In our initial candidate, we assign each selected item to its max dimension. So for each selected item, the other dimensions have values ≤ max. So flipping always reduces sum.

Now, to fix parity, we might need to apply one or two such flips. For instance, if parity is (1,0) (X odd, Y even), we can toggle X only by flipping an item from X to Z (since that toggles X, not Y). Or we could flip an item from Z to X? But that would toggle X as well but increase sum? In our initial set, items with max Z have other dimensions ≤ Z, so flipping from Z to X would reduce sum, but that also toggles X and Z. So it's another option. Similarly, we could combine two flips to achieve the needed parity change. So we need to find the set of operations (at most 2) that achieve the target parity with minimal total loss.

Also, we can consider replacements: swapping a selected item i with an unselected item j. For this, we need to consider both items' assignments. For the selected item i, we currently have it assigned to its max dim d_i (say). For the unselected item j, we would assign it to some dimension d_j (could be its max or not). The net change in sum: (value of j in d_j) - (value of i in d_i). The parity changes: we remove one count from d_i (toggle that parity) and add one count to d_j (toggle that parity). So the net parity change is toggling d_i and d_j. This can produce various parity changes depending on d_i and d_j. Since we have many items, we can precompute the best "swap" for each parity change. For example, to toggle X only, we could swap an item assigned to X (d_i=X) with an unselected item assigned to X (d_j=X) – that would net no parity change because both toggles cancel? Actually, removing X and adding X leaves X parity unchanged. So to toggle X only, we need d_i != d_j, and the parity toggles for both dimensions. If d_i=X and d_j=Z, then X toggles, Z toggles, so net effect: X toggles, Y unchanged, Z toggles. So that matches toggling X only? Since Z parity is derived, it's equivalent to toggling X, but also toggling Z. Since Z parity is not independent, this is okay. Similarly, if d_i=Y and d_j=Z, toggles Y only. So swaps can achieve single-dimension toggles. Also, to toggle both X and Y, we can swap X with Y (i in X, j in Y) – toggles X and Y. Or swap X with X? That toggles none. So swap can achieve any parity change as long as we pick appropriate dimensions.

Thus, the approach: Consider the initial candidate S (top 2K by max, assigned to max). Compute sum0 and parity. If parity (0,0), answer sum0. Else, we will consider all possible sequences of modifications (up to 2) that can fix parity, compute the best total sum = sum0 - loss, and take the maximum over all such corrections. Also, we should consider the possibility that the optimal solution does not include all of the top 2K items by max; it might include some items with lower max but high value in a dimension that helps parity. Our adjustment approach by swapping covers that: swapping out a selected item i and in an unselected item j effectively replaces i with j. So we are considering all possibilities of replacing up to 2 items? But we might need to replace more than 2? Since parity only two bits, we can always fix parity with at most 2 operations (each operation being a flip or a swap). However, is it possible that the optimal solution requires changing 3 or more items? For example, suppose we have parity (1,1). To get to (0,0), we need to toggle both X and Y. This can be done by flipping one item from X to Y (toggles X and Y). So one operation suffices. Or flipping one from X to Z and another from Y to Z (two operations). So at most 2. For (1,0), we need to toggle X. That can be done by flipping one from X to Z, or swapping X with Z, or swapping X with Y? Swapping X with Y toggles X and Y, resulting in (0,1), which is not target; then we would need another operation. So simplest is one operation. So it seems we can always achieve target with at most 2 modifications. So considering all modifications of size 1 and 2 should suffice.

But we must also consider that the initial assignment to max may not be the best for the selected set. Perhaps for some items, if we are already considering replacements, we might also change the dimension of the new item to something other than its max to better fix parity with minimal loss. So we need to compute the best possible single operation (flip or swap) and best pair of operations that together fix parity.

Thus, algorithm outline:

1. For each test case, read N, K, and arrays X, Y, Z.
2. For each cake i, compute best_i = max(X_i, Y_i, Z_i), and record the dimension of the max (say dmax_i). Also compute the other two values.
3. Create list of items, sort by best_i descending.
4. Take first 2K items as initially selected set. Compute sum0 = sum of their best_i. Compute counts: cntX, cntY, cntZ based on their dmax_i. Compute parity: pX = cntX %2, pY = cntY%2. If pX==0 and pY==0, answer = sum0.
5. Else, we need to consider modifications. We'll compute best losses for various operation types. We'll maintain data structures to quickly get the best operation for each parity transition.

We need to consider both selected items (in current set) and unselected items (the remaining N-2K items). For each selected item i, we can consider flipping it to a different dimension (other than its dmax). This will incur loss = best_i - (value in the target dimension). For a flip from dmax to target d, the parity change: we remove one from dmax and add one to d. So parity toggles in dmax and d. Since Z parity is dependent, we only care about X and Y. So we can compute the effect on (pX, pY). For each selected item, we can consider two possible flips (to each of the other two dimensions). Likewise, for unselected items, we could consider adding them with some dimension assignment, but that would require removing a selected item (swap) to keep total count at 2K. So swaps involve both removal and addition.

For swaps, we need to consider a selected item i (currently assigned to its max dim d_i) and an unselected item j, which we will assign to some dimension d_j (any of the three). The net change: new sum = sum0 - (value_i in d_i) + (value_j in d_j). But we can also think of loss = (value_i in d_i) - (value_j in d_j). Since we want to minimize loss (maximize final sum). So we want the smallest loss (could be negative if value_j > value_i, but since i is selected and has high best_i, j is unselected and likely has lower best_j, but it's possible that j has higher value in some dimension than i's max? Since i is selected among top 2K by max, any unselected item has best_j <= best_i? Not necessarily, because best_i is max of its three, and top 2K items by max, so unselected items have best_j ≤ best_{2Kth}, but i might be among the top, so best_i >= best_j. However, value_j in some dimension could be larger than value_i in its max? Possibly if j has a high value in one dimension but low in others, and i's max is moderate but other dimensions are low. For example, i: (100, 0, 0) best=100; j: (99, 99, 99) best=99; but j's max is 99, i's max 100, so i selected, j not. If we swap i for j and assign j to X (99) vs i's X=100, loss = 1. So it's possible to have small loss. So we need to consider swaps as well.

We can also consider flipping the dimension of the selected item i as part of a swap (i.e., we remove i, but we also could consider that we might not assign j to its max, but to a dimension that gives better parity effect). So in a swap, we have freedom for d_j. The net parity change: remove one from d_i, add one to d_j. So the effect is toggling d_i and d_j. So for each possible (d_i, d_j) pair, we want the best swap (i selected, j unselected) that minimizes loss = (value_i in d_i) - (value_j in d_j). Note that for i, we are currently using its max dimension, so value_i in d_i = best_i. For j, we can choose any dimension; we want to maximize value_j in d_j to reduce loss. So for a given d_i and d_j, the best swap is: for a selected item i with dmax = d_i, we want the smallest (best_i - best_value_j(d_j)), i.e., the largest value_j(d_j) among unselected items, minus best_i. Actually loss = best_i - value_j(d_j). So to minimize loss, we want to maximize value_j(d_j) such that there exists an unselected j. So we need to know, for each dimension d, the top value among unselected items in that dimension. But we also need to consider that the same item j might be used only once, and we also need to consider combinations of two operations where we might use the same item in two swaps? So we need to store the best few candidates.

Similarly, for a flip, we only use selected items and change their dimension, which is simpler.

Now, we also need to consider pairs of modifications (e.g., two flips, or two swaps, or one flip and one swap) to achieve target parity if one operation is insufficient. Note that since there are only 4 parity states, we can precompute for each state the minimum loss to reach (0,0) using one or two operations, and also consider that we might need the same item for both operations, which is not allowed (cannot flip the same item twice). So we must ensure disjointness.

Given that the total number of items is up to 1e5, we can precompute per dimension sorted lists of values for unselected items, and also for selected items we can maintain arrays of possible flips.

Let's define:

- Selected set S (size 2K). For each item in S, we know its best value b_i = best_i, and the dimension d_i (the max). For each such item, we can compute the value for the other two dimensions: say for d != d_i, val_i(d) = the value of i in dimension d (which is ≤ b_i). So flip loss to d: L_flip(i->d) = b_i - val_i(d).

- Unselected set U (size N-2K). For each item j in U, we know its three values. We can consider that if we were to add j in a swap, we would choose its dimension d_j to maximize value (since we want to minimize loss). So for each j, the best possible contribution if added is b_j = max of its three values. But we might also want to use a non-max dimension for parity reasons, so we need all three values.

We need to quickly get for a given target dimension d, the maximum value among unselected items in that dimension. Also, for combinations (two swaps), we need the top two values (possibly from different items) to avoid using the same item twice. So we can precompute for each dimension d, a sorted list of values val_j(d) for j in U. Also, we might need the top values for when we also consider that we might not use the best value because it might be the same item used in another operation? So we need top few.

Similarly, for selected items, we need the best flips per parity type. We can precompute for each selected item its flip losses and the parity change. We'll need the smallest loss for each possible parity change (i.e., which bits toggle). For each flip, the parity effect on (pX,pY) is: toggle d_i and toggle d. So we can represent the effect as a mask: for X bit (bit0) and Y bit (bit1). Let's encode dimensions: X=0, Y=1, Z=2. The parity of Z is determined, so we only care about bits for X and Y. For a flip from d_i to d, the toggle on (pX,pY) is: for dimension 0 (X), if either d_i==0 or d==0, toggle (since XOR of two toggles? Actually, each toggling of a dimension toggles its bit. So the net effect on bit for X is 1 if d_i==0 XOR d==0 (i.e., exactly one of them is X). Similarly for Y. So we can compute the mask.

We'll need the best (minimum loss) flip for each mask (00, 01, 10, 11). But note mask 00 means no change, not useful. So we need masks 01,10,11. Also we need the best flip for each mask, and also the second best (to avoid using same item in two flips when combining two flips). Similarly for swaps: a swap from selected i (d_i) to unselected j (d_j) has parity effect mask (toggles bits as above). The loss = b_i - val_j(d_j). So for each possible (d_i, d_j) pair, we want the minimal loss. Since d_i is determined by selected item's dimension, and d_j can be any of three dimensions, we need to consider all combinations. But we can precompute for each selected item i, for each possible d_j, the best j (unselected) that gives minimal loss (i.e., maximum val_j(d_j)). But that might be O(2K*3) which is acceptable if 2K up to 1e5, but overall N=1e5 across tests, so maybe okay. However, we also need to consider that we might need to combine two swaps, where we pick two distinct selected items and two distinct unselected items. So we might need to consider the best swap for each mask, and also the second best that does not conflict. Given that 2K can be as large as 5e4, O(2K) is fine.

We can compute for each selected item i, for each possible target dimension d_j, the best possible swap (i with some j) that yields a certain mask. But the best j might be the same for many i; we need to handle conflicts when combining two swaps. A simpler approach: Since the number of masks is small, we can precompute the best overall swap for each mask (i.e., minimal loss among all (i,j) combinations for that mask), and also the second best (best different i or different j). Then for a pair of swaps we can consider using two swaps with masks that sum to the target parity change. We also need to ensure the selected items are distinct and unselected items are distinct. If we have the top few candidates with distinct items, we can combine them. Similarly for flips.

Also, we must consider the possibility of a flip and a swap combined.

Because the total number of operations we consider is small (at most 2), we can enumerate all possibilities by taking the best few candidates for each operation type and checking if they can be combined without overlapping items. Since there are only 4 parity states and a limited number of operation types, we can just brute force over a small number of top candidates (e.g., top 5 for each mask) and check feasibility.

This is a common technique in competitive programming for problems where corrections are bounded.

Let's detail the steps:

**Step 1: Compute initial candidate.**

We have N items. For each item i, compute best_i = max(X_i,Y_i,Z_i), and let dim_i be the dimension achieving best_i (if multiple, we need to choose one; but for parity, we must pick a specific dimension because flipping depends on which dimension we assign. For ties, we can arbitrarily choose any; but we need to be careful: if there are ties, the initial assignment may affect parity. However, we can handle by considering that we might want to consider different initial assignments? But we can just pick one arbitrarily (e.g., smallest dimension index). Since the initial sum is fixed regardless of which tie we pick, but parity might change. To maximize final answer, we might need to consider different initial assignments for the same set of items? Actually, if an item has multiple dimensions with the same max value, we could choose any of them as its initial assignment. The sum0 would be the same, but parity may differ. So we should consider that we have freedom to assign the initial dimension for tie items to potentially achieve a better parity state, possibly avoiding the need for corrections. So instead of fixing a single initial assignment, we could consider that for each item with multiple max dimensions, we can decide which one to use. This adds complexity. But perhaps we can treat ties by allowing flipping with loss 0? For example, if an item has X_i = Y_i = max, then flipping from X to Y incurs loss 0, and changes parity in a desirable way. So we can incorporate that in our flip operations: we allow flipping with loss 0. So even if we fix an initial assignment arbitrarily, we can later correct parity with zero loss via flips. So we don't need to worry about ties in initial assignment; we just pick any, and later if a zero-loss flip exists, it will be considered and allow parity fix without loss. So it's fine.

Thus, for each item, we set dim_i as the dimension with maximum value (if tie, choose any, say X then Y then Z). We then compute initial sum0 = sum of best_i for the top 2K items sorted by best_i descending. However, we need to ensure that the top 2K items are well-defined; there could be many items with same best_i, so we just take any 2K items with largest best_i.

**Step 2: Build data structures for modifications.**

We'll have:

- Selected list S (size 2K): each element has id, best value b, dim d, and values X_i,Y_i,Z_i.
- Unselected list U (size N-2K): each element has X,Y,Z, best b.

For flips (only using selected items), we need for each selected item i, for each target dimension d_target (other than d_i), compute loss = b_i - val_i(d_target). Parity mask: mask = ( (d_i==0) ^ (d_target==0) )? Actually, we want the effect on (pX, pY). Let's define a function par(x) = 1 if x == 0 else 0? Better: Let's assign indices: 0: X, 1: Y, 2: Z. The parity bits are for X (bit0) and Y (bit1). For a flip from d_i to d_target, the toggle in X is 1 if (d_i==0) xor (d_target==0). Similarly for Y: (d_i==1) xor (d_target==1). So mask bits: bit0 = (d_i==0) XOR (d_target==0), bit1 = (d_i==1) XOR (d_target==1). This gives mask in {0,1,2,3}. We'll store best loss for each mask, and also the second best loss with different item id. Since we might need two flips with distinct items.

We'll compute, by iterating over selected items, for each flip possibility, update the top two losses for that mask (along with the item id). Since there are at most 2K * 2 flips, fine.

For swaps: a swap consists of selecting a selected item i (with its current dim d_i) and an unselected item j (with some assigned dim d_j). Loss = b_i - val_j(d_j). We want to consider all combinations of d_i and d_j, but note that d_i is known for each selected item. The parity mask from the swap is determined by (d_i, d_j) as above: mask bits = (d_i==0) XOR (d_j==0), etc. So we need, for each selected item i, for each possible d_j (0,1,2), the best j (from U) that minimizes loss (i.e., maximizes val_j(d_j)). So we can precompute for each dimension d, the sorted list of values of unselected items in that dimension, along with their ids. Then for each selected item i, we can compute the best swap for each d_j by taking the top value from U for that dimension, but we must ensure that the chosen j is not the same if we combine swaps? For a single swap, we just need the best overall. For combined swaps, we need distinct items. So we can precompute the overall top two swaps per mask, considering the best possible (i, j) combination. We can do this by iterating over selected items, and for each d_j, get the best value from U[d_j] (top), compute loss, and keep track of best for each mask. But we must be careful that the same unselected item might be used for multiple swaps if it is the top for several i; we just need to ensure that when we combine two swaps, the unselected items are distinct. So we can keep for each mask the best two swaps where the unselected items are different, or we can later handle conflicts by trying combinations of the top few.

A more systematic approach: Since the number of masks is small (4), we can collect all possible swap candidates (i, d_j, j) with loss, and then keep the best few (say top 5) for each mask, storing item ids. Then for combinations (two swaps), we can check all pairs from the top lists where the selected items are distinct and unselected items are distinct. This should be safe because if the optimal combination uses some swaps that are not in the top few, there would be a better combination with top swaps. Typically, for such linear optimization, the best combination will involve the top candidates. So we can store, for each mask, a list of swap candidates sorted by loss ascending, and take up to, say, 5-10. Similarly for flips.

We can also consider the possibility of a single operation (flip or swap) that directly fixes parity. Then we take min loss over such operations.

Additionally, we might need to consider the possibility of not using any operation, but that's only if parity already satisfied.

Now, we need to also consider that we might change the dimension of a selected item as part of a swap? Actually, in a swap we are removing a selected item (for which we currently get its best value) and adding an unselected item (with some dimension). That's a replacement. Alternatively, we could also consider a "flip" on a selected item without replacement. So all bases covered.

Edge cases: What if 2K = 0? But K >= 1 per constraints? Actually K >= 1, so 2K >= 2. So ignore.

Now, we need to compute sum0 and initial parity. Then we compute the minimal loss to achieve (0,0) from initial parity, using at most 2 operations. The answer = sum0 - min_loss, where min_loss is the smallest total loss over any set of operations (size 1 or 2) that brings parity to (0,0). Also, we should consider that sometimes we might need to use a combination that involves more than 2 operations? But as argued, parity is only 2 bits, so we can always achieve with at most 2 operations. However, is it possible that no combination of 1 or 2 operations can fix parity because there might be no item with appropriate dimension to flip or swap? For example, if all selected items have dim=0 (X), and we need to toggle X only, we could flip an item from X to Z (if that item has a Z value), which is possible if there is at least one selected item with a different dimension value. But if all selected items have only X values? Actually, each item has all three values (non-negative integers). So there is always at least the value in X (since it's the max), and there are values in Y and Z, possibly zero. So we can always flip from X to Y or Z (though loss might be large). So there is always some operation. But could there be a case where we cannot fix parity with one operation but can with two? Yes, e.g., initial parity (1,1) can be fixed by one flip from X to Y (loss L1) or by two flips (e.g., X to Z and Y to Z) with total loss L2. So we need to consider both.

Now, we need to implement the retrieval of best swaps. For that, we need sorted lists per dimension for unselected items. However, note that the best swap for a given i and d_j depends on the maximum val_j(d_j) among U. But we also have to consider that the selected item i could be the same as the unselected item? No, they are disjoint sets. So the top value in U for dimension d is just the maximum of that dimension among all unselected items. So we can precompute for each dimension d: a max_value, and also we need second max (in case the top unselected item is used in another swap). But we also need to consider that the best swap for a given i might be with the top unselected item for that dimension, but if that top unselected item is the same as another swap's unselected item, we need distinctness. So we'll store for each dimension the top few values with ids.

Similarly, for flips, we need the best flip loss for each mask, but the flip only uses a selected item, so two flips must use different selected items. So we need top two per mask with different item ids.

Now, for a single operation, we consider both flips and swaps that directly result in parity (0,0). For a single operation, the parity change must equal the initial parity (since we need to go from initial p to 0). So we need operation mask = initial parity. So we take the minimal loss among all flips and swaps with mask = initial parity.

For two operations, we need two operations with masks m1 and m2 such that m1 XOR m2 = initial parity (since applying both toggles). And we need the operations to use distinct items (selected items for flips, and for swaps, selected and unselected items all distinct). So we can consider combinations: two flips, two swaps, one flip and one swap.

We can compute for each mask the best few flips and best few swaps. Then for each pair of masks (m1, m2) such that m1 XOR m2 = init_parity, we try all pairs of candidates from the lists for those masks, ensuring item disjointness. Since we only keep a small number of candidates per mask, this is feasible.

Also, note that we might also consider that the initial parity might be (0,0) already, then answer = sum0.

One more nuance: The initial candidate selects the top 2K items by best value. But is it possible that the optimal solution involves selecting a different set of 2K items that are not the top 2K by best value, even after allowing up to 2 corrections? Could there be a case where we need to replace more than 2 items? For parity correction, we might need to replace two items: e.g., initial parity (1,1) and the best single operation (flip X->Y) has loss L, but maybe there is a swap that replaces two items with loss L' that is smaller? But swapping two items corresponds to two operations (two swaps) or one swap? Actually, a single swap already replaces one item. To replace two items, we need two swaps. So that's already considered as pair of swaps. So up to two operations cover replacement of up to two items. Could we need to replace three items? Suppose initial parity (1,1). By flipping one item from X to Y, we fix parity. That's one operation. So no need for three. If we are in (1,0), we can flip X->Z (one operation) or swap X with Z (one operation), so again one. So one operation suffices for any parity that is not (0,0). Actually, is it always possible to fix with one operation? For parity (1,0), we need to toggle X only. A flip from X to Z toggles X and Z, but Z parity is derived, so effectively toggles X only? Since Z parity is not independent, toggling Z changes the total parity? But we only care about X and Y. After flipping X->Z, X count decreases by 1, Z increases by 1. So X parity flips, Y unchanged. So yes, that fixes (1,0). So a flip from X to Z works. Similarly, for (0,1), flip Y->Z. For (1,1), flip X->Y. So in fact, with one flip, we can always fix parity, as long as there exists at least one selected item with the appropriate dimension (X for (1,0) to flip to Z, Y for (0,1), and both X and Y for (1,1) to flip to each other). And there is always at least one selected item? The selected set has size 2K >=2. But what if all selected items have max dimension = Z? Then for (1,0), we cannot flip from X to Z because no selected item has max X. But we could flip from Z to X? That would be flipping a selected item from Z to X, which toggles Z and X (so toggles X only). Since the item currently is in Z, flipping to X gives loss = best (Z) - X_i. That is allowed. So we need to consider flips from any selected item to any other dimension, not just from its max to something? Actually, our initial assignment is to the max dimension. A selected item i currently has d_i = its max. So if its max is Z, we can flip it to X (since X is a different dimension). So that works. So we always have flips from any selected item to any other dimension. So there will always be at least one flip possible. For (1,1), we need a flip that toggles both X and Y; flipping X->Y or Y->X works. But if no selected item has either X or Y as its max? That is, all selected items have max Z. Then flipping Z->X toggles X (and Z) but not Y; flipping Z->Y toggles Y but not X; neither toggles both. So a single flip cannot achieve mask (1,1) if all selected items have max Z. But we could use a flip from Z to X and another flip from Z to Y (two flips) to toggle each once, resulting in toggling X and Y both (since two Z toggles cancel?). Let's compute: first flip: Z->X toggles X and Z; second flip: Z->Y toggles Y and Z; net effect: X toggled, Y toggled, Z toggled twice (no net). So net mask (1,1). So two operations fix it. So it's still possible with two operations. So we need to consider two operations.

Thus, the plan of considering up to 2 operations is sufficient.

Now, we must ensure that the initial selection of top 2K by best is indeed the best base. Could there be an optimal solution that does not include the top 2K best items? For example, suppose we have items with very close best values but the parity constraints force us to exclude a high best item and include a lower best item with a better dimension complement. That would correspond to replacing a selected item with an unselected item (a swap). So our swap operations cover that. If the optimal solution requires replacing two selected items with two unselected items, that's two swaps. So as long as we consider up to 2 swaps (or flips), we can capture any deviation from the top 2K set that is within 2 items. Could it require replacing 3 items? Suppose the top 2K set has parity (1,1) but the best single flip to fix it (X->Y) has large loss, while replacing two items (e.g., swap one X-item with a Y-item and swap another X-item with a Z-item) might have smaller total loss. That's two swaps. Could we need to replace three items? For parity (1,1), we can fix with one flip (X->Y) or two flips (X->Z and Y->Z) or two swaps, etc. All involve at most 2 operations. For (1,0) or (0,1), one operation suffices. So three operations are unnecessary. So the optimal solution can always be obtained by taking the top 2K by best and then applying at most 2 operations (each operation is either a flip of a selected item's dimension or a swap of a selected item with an unselected item, possibly with dimension choice). This is a common "repair" approach for problems with parity constraints on a greedy selection. I think it's valid.

Now we need to implement carefully.

Implementation details:

- For each test case:
  - Read N, K.
  - Store arrays X, Y, Z.
  - For i in range(N): compute best_i = max(X_i,Y_i,Z_i), dim_i = index of max (0,1,2). But ensure tie-breaking is consistent (e.g., choose smallest index).
  - Create list of tuples (best_i, i). Sort descending by best_i.
  - Take the first 2K items as selected. Record their indices in a boolean array selected[ i ].
  - Compute sum0 = sum of best_i for these 2K items.
  - Compute counts: cnt[0], cnt[1], cnt[2] for dimension of these selected items.
  - parity0 = (cnt[0]%2, cnt[1]%2). If both 0: output sum0 and continue.
  - Else, we need to compute min_loss.
  - We will have selected items list: for each selected item, we have id, best, dim, X, Y, Z.
  - Unselected items list: for each unselected item, id, X,Y,Z, best.
  - We need to precompute for flips: For each selected item, for each other dimension d (0,1,2 but != dim_i), compute loss = best_i - value_i(d). mask = ((dim_i==0) ^ (d==0), (dim_i==1) ^ (d==1)). Store loss and item id. Keep for each mask the top, say, 5 (or more) smallest losses with distinct item ids. Since there are only 4 masks, we can maintain a list of at most 5 (or 10) for each mask, sorted by loss. We'll use a list per mask and insert, keep sorted, truncate.
  - For swaps: We'll need for each dimension d, a sorted list of values for unselected items. For each unselected item, we have values val_d (d=0,1,2). We can create three lists: for each dimension d, store pairs (value, id). Sort descending by value. Also, we might need the top few values for each dimension to handle swaps. For each selected item i (with dim d_i), we want to consider swaps with an unselected item j assigned to dimension d_j. The loss = best_i - val_j(d_j). So for each i, for each d_j, we can get the best j from U for that dimension (the one with maximum val_j(d_j)). That yields a candidate swap with loss. However, different i may choose the same j, but for combination we need distinct j. So we will collect all swap candidates, each characterized by: selected item id, unselected item id, d_i, d_j, loss, mask. We will then keep the best few (say top 5) for each mask, similar to flips. Since there are many candidates (up to 2K * 3 = up to 1.5e5), we can just iterate over all selected items, and for each d_j, get the top unselected item for that dimension, compute candidate, and push to the list for the mask. But note: the best swap for a particular i might be with the top unselected item for dimension d_j. However, there could be a different i that forms a better swap with a lower-ranked unselected item because the top unselected item might be shared. Since we only keep the best few overall, it's okay to only consider the top unselected item for each dimension when generating candidates? Or should we consider second best? Consider scenario: Two selected items i1 and i2 both want to swap with the same top unselected item j_top for dimension d. The best overall swap might be with j_top for both, but if we need two swaps, we cannot use j_top twice. So the best combination might use j_top for one swap and the second best for the other. To capture that, we need to have candidates that use the second best unselected item as well. So for each dimension d, we should consider not just the top unselected item, but also the second, third, etc., because a swap candidate using a lower-ranked item might be part of an optimal pair. However, since we only need at most two swaps, we only need the top few (say top 3) unselected items for each dimension. For a given i and d_j, the best j is the top unselected item, the second best is the next, etc. So we can generate candidates for each i and each d_j, using the top 2 or 3 unselected items for that dimension. That would multiply candidates by a constant factor (3 dimensions * 2-3 = about 6-9 per selected item). That's still O(2K) which is okay. Alternatively, we can precompute for each dimension the top few, and then for each i and each d_j, we generate candidates by pairing with each of the top few unselected items for that dimension. We'll keep, say, top 3 for each dimension. So total candidates: O(2K * 3 * 3) = O(18K) ≈ 9e5 max, acceptable.

  - For flips, we already generate all (2 per selected item). That's fine.

  - After gathering all flip and swap candidates, we have for each mask a list of best candidates (loss, selected_id, unselected_id? for flips no unselected). We'll keep up to, say, 5-10 candidates per mask. Since total candidates may be large, we can compute top candidates per mask by sorting all candidates for that mask and taking the best few. But we must ensure distinct selected items (for flips) and for swaps, distinct selected and distinct unselected items when combining. So we need to keep the actual ids.

  - Then we compute min_loss = INF.
    - Consider single operation: For mask = init_parity, take the best loss among flip candidates for that mask and swap candidates for that mask. min_loss = min(min_loss, loss).
    - Consider two operations: For each pair of masks (m1, m2) with m1 XOR m2 == init_parity, we consider the following combinations:
        - Two flips: For each candidate from mask m1 and each from mask m2, if they use different selected items, then total loss = l1+l2, update min_loss.
        - Two swaps: For each candidate from mask m1 and each from mask m2, if selected items are different and unselected items are different, update.
        - One flip and one swap: similarly, ensure selected items distinct (since flip uses a selected item, swap uses a different selected item, and also swap uses an unselected item distinct from none). Also need to ensure that the flip's selected item is not the same as the swap's selected item.
    Since we keep only a few candidates per mask, we can brute force all pairs (e.g., up to 5*5=25 per mask pair) and check disjointness.

  - Also, we need to consider the possibility of using no operation (already handled), but also could we use two operations but one of them is a "no-op"? No.

  - If after all, min_loss remains INF? Should not happen, but we can set min_loss = large.

  - Answer = sum0 - min_loss.

Now, we need to be careful about cases where K = N/2 exactly (i.e., all items are selected). Then U is empty. Swaps are not possible. Only flips. So we must handle that.

Also, note that sum0 may be huge (up to 2K * 1e9), so use 64-bit integers.

Let's test with sample2 second test case:

N=6, K=2 -> 2K=4. Best values:
1: max=74 (Y)
2: max=80 (Z)
3: max=96 (Z)
4: max=74 (Y)
5: max=83 (Y)
6: max=55 (X)
Sorted top4: 96,83,80,74 (from items 3,5,2,1? Actually 74 could be item1 or item4; we choose top4: 96,83,80,74 (item3,5,2,1). Selected set: items 3(Z),5(Y),2(Z),1(Y). Counts: X:0, Y:2, Z:2 -> parity (0,0). So sum0 = 96+83+80+74 = 333, parity satisfied, answer=333. Good.

Sample2 first test case: N=5, K=2, 2K=4. Items: 4 copies of (1,2,3) and one (100,100,200). Best values: (100? actually for (1,2,3) max=3; for (100,100,200) max=200). Sorting: 200,3,3,3,3. Selected top4: 200,3,3,3. Counts: for (100,100,200) max dimension is Z; for the other three, max is Z? Actually (1,2,3) max=3 in Z. So all four selected have dim Z -> cntZ=4, X=0,Y=0 -> parity (0,0). sum0=200+3+3+3=209. Answer=209. Good.

Now consider a scenario where parity is not satisfied. For example, suppose we have items: A: (10,0,0), B: (0,10,0), C: (0,0,10). N=3, K=1 -> 2K=2. Best values: all 10. Selected top2: A and B (or any two). Suppose we pick A (X) and B (Y). Counts: X=1,Y=1,Z=0 -> parity (1,1). sum0=20. We need to fix parity to (0,0). Options: flip A from X to Z? loss = 10-0=10, mask= toggles X and Z -> X toggles, Y unchanged -> parity becomes (1-1=0,1) still (0,1)? Actually initial (1,1). Flip A X->Z: toggles X and Z, so new X parity: 0, Y:1, Z:1? final parity (0,1) not target. Flip B Y->Z: toggles Y and Z -> (1,0). Not target. Flip A X->Y: toggles X and Y -> both toggled -> (0,0) -> loss = 10-0=10. So one flip works (X->Y) with loss 10, giving total 10. But can we do better? Swap? Since U is only C (0,0,10). Swap A (X=10) with C (assigned to Z=10): loss = 10-10=0, parity change: remove X, add Z -> toggles X and Z -> initial (1,1) after: X:1-1=0, Y:1, Z:1 -> parity (0,1). Not target. Swap B with C: similar. Swap A with C assigned to X? C's X=0, loss=10, parity change: remove X, add X -> no change? Actually adding X toggles X, so net: remove X (toggle X), add X (toggle X) -> no net change. So not helpful. Could swap A with C assigned to Y? C's Y=0, loss=10, mask: remove X, add Y -> toggles X and Y -> (0,0) with loss 10. Same as flip. So min_loss=10, total=10. But is there a better matching? The only pairs: (A,B) price max(10+0?, actually A=(10,0,0), B=(0,10,0): max(10+0=10, 0+10=10, 0+0=0) =10; (A,C): max(10,0,10)=10; (B,C): max(0,10,10)=10. So max price=10. So answer=10, our method gives 20-10=10. Good.

Another test: Let's create a case where it's beneficial to swap an item instead of flipping. N=4, K=1 -> 2K=2. Items:
1: (100, 0, 0)
2: (0, 100, 0)
3: (0, 0, 100)
4: (50, 50, 0)
Best values: 100,100,100,50. Top2: (1) and (2). Counts: X=1,Y=1,Z=0 -> parity (1,1). sum0=200. Single flip: flip 1 X->Y: loss=100-0=100 -> total 100. Flip 1 X->Z: loss=100-0=100, but mask toggles X and Z -> new parity (0,1) not target. Flip 2 Y->X: loss=100, mask toggles X and Y -> (0,0) total 100. So loss 100. Swaps: consider swapping 1 (X=100) with 3 (Z=100). Loss=100-100=0, mask: remove X, add Z -> toggles X and Z -> new parity (0,1) not target. Swap 1 with 4, assign to Y? 4's Y=50, loss=100-50=50, mask: remove X, add Y -> toggles X and Y -> (0,0) total=150. That's better than 100. Swap 2 with 4 assign to X: 50, loss=100-50=50, same. So min_loss=50, answer=150. Now, can we achieve total 150? Let's see if there's a matching that gives 150. We have cakes 1(100,0,0),2(0,100,0),3(0,0,100),4(50,50,0). Pair (1,4): max(100+50=150, 0+50=50, 0+0=0) =150. Pair (2,3): max(0+0=0,100+0=100,0+100=100)=100, total 250 but we only need one pair. For K=1, we only need one pair. So best pair is (1,4)=150, (2,3)=100, (1,2)=100, (1,3)=100, (2,4)=100, (3,4)=100. So max=150. Our method gives 150, correct. So swapping strategy works.

Now, is it always sufficient to consider only the top 2K by best value? In the above example, top2 by best were 1 and 2 (both 100). The optimal pair (1,4) includes item 4 which has best=50, not in top2. So we swapped out item 2 for item 4. That's one swap. So captured.

What about a case where optimal requires swapping two items? Example: N=6, K=2. Items:
A: (100,0,0)
B: (0,100,0)
C: (0,0,100)
D: (90,90,0)
E: (90,0,90)
F: (0,90,90)
Best values: 100,100,100,90,90,90. Top4 (2K=4) might be A,B,C,D (since 100,100,100,90). Counts: A(X),B(Y),C(Z),D(X? D best is 90? Actually D has X=90,Y=90,Z=0 -> max=90, dim could be X or Y; we assign arbitrarily, say X. So counts: X:2 (A and D), Y:1 (B), Z:1 (C) -> parity (0,1) (since X even, Y odd). Need to fix. Flipping Y->Z on B: loss=100-0=100, mask toggles Y and Z -> (0,1) becomes (0,0) because toggling Y? Wait, initial parity (0,1). Flipping B Y->Z: toggles Y and Z -> new Y:1->0, Z:1->0, X unchanged -> (0,0). Loss 100. So total after loss = sum0=100+100+100+90=390 -100=290. But maybe there is a better solution: Pair (A,D): max(100+90=190,0+90=90,0+0=0)=190; pair (B,E): max(0+90=90,100+0=100,0+90=90)=100; total 290. Pair (A,E): 190? Actually A(100,0,0),E(90,0,90): max(190,0,90)=190; pair (B,F): (0,100,0) and (0,90,90): max(0,190,90)=190; total 380! That's much higher. So optimal could be 380. Let's compute: pair (A,E): X:190, Y:0, Z:90 -> max=190; pair (B,F): X:0, Y:190, Z:90 -> max=190; total 380. This matching uses items A,B,E,F. In terms of best values: A=100, B=100, E=90, F=90. So still top4 by best? The top4 best are A(100),B(100),C(100),D(90) (if we sort, C has 100 too). So our initial selected set includes C (100) instead of E or F. To get the optimal, we need to replace C (100) with E (90) and D (90) with F (90) maybe? That's two swaps. So we need to consider two operations. Let's see: initial selected set: suppose we take A (X), B (Y), C (Z), D (X). Counts: X:2, Y:1, Z:1 -> parity (0,1). Our target solution uses A (X), B (Y), E (maybe X or Z?), F (maybe Y or Z?). In optimal matching, A paired with E uses dimension X (since X sum 190 is max). B paired with F uses dimension Y (sum 190). So in terms of assignments: A: X, B: Y, E: X, F: Y. So counts: X:2, Y:2, Z:0 -> even. So the optimal assignment uses 2X,2Y. Our initial set has 2X,1Y,1Z. To get to 2X,2Y, we need to change one Z to Y. That could be done by swapping C (Z=100) with some unselected item that has Y value, say F (Y=90) or E (Y=0?) or maybe with F assigned to Y. Swap C (Z=100) with F (Y=90): loss=100-90=10, mask: remove Z, add Y -> toggles Z and Y -> initial parity (0,1) after: Y toggles -> (0,0) because Y was odd, toggles to even; Z toggles, but Z parity not considered; so parity fixed. That's one swap, loss 10, total = sum0=390 -10 =380. But does this swap give the desired assignment? Replacing C with F: new selected set becomes A(X), B(Y), D(X), F(Y). That's 2X,2Y. Then we need to pair them. The best matching within dimensions: pair A and D in X: 100+90=190; pair B and F in Y: 100+90=190; total=380. So indeed one swap suffices. So in this case, one operation (swap C with F) yields the optimum. So we just need at most one swap. The optimal assignment from the swap is captured.

Now, what if we had a situation where two swaps are needed? For example, suppose all selected items have a dimension that is odd and we need to change two of them. But that can be done with one flip (if possible) or two swaps. But two swaps might be necessary if no single flip or swap can fix parity? Actually, as argued, for any parity, there is a flip using a selected item that can fix it? Let's test: initial parity (1,0). A flip from X to Z toggles X only, works. Initial (0,1): Y->Z works. Initial (1,1): X->Y works, provided there is at least one selected item with X or Y? If all selected items have Z as max, then X->Y is not possible because there is no selected item with X or Y? But we can still do X? Actually if all selected have max Z, then a flip from Z to X toggles X and Z, which toggles X only (since Z toggles but not needed). So that gives mask (1,0), not (1,1). To get (1,1), we need to toggle both X and Y. We could do two flips: Z->X and Z->Y. So two operations. So two operations may be necessary. So our search should handle that.

Now, consider whether we might need to consider a "swap" that also changes the dimension of the selected item (i.e., we currently have selected item i assigned to its max d_i, but in the swap we might assign the unselected item j to some dimension, but we could also consider reassigning the selected item i to a different dimension instead of removing it? That's not a swap; it's a flip combined with a swap? Actually a swap replaces i with j, we don't keep i. So if we want to change both items, we need two operations. So that's fine.

Thus, overall algorithm seems valid.

Now we need to implement carefully the data structures.

Implementation Steps in detail:

1. For each test case:
   - Read N, K.
   - Read N lines of X, Y, Z.
   - Build arrays: x[0..N-1], y[0..N-1], z[0..N-1].
   - For each i, compute best_i = max(x[i], y[i], z[i]). Determine dim_i: 0 if x[i]==best_i, else 1 if y[i]==best_i, else 2.
   - Create list of tuples (best_i, i). Sort descending by best_i.
   - selected = [False]*N. Set selected[i] = True for i in first 2K items.
   - sum0 = sum of best_i for selected items.
   - cnt = [0,0,0]. For each selected item, cnt[dim_i] += 1.
   - pX = cnt[0] % 2; pY = cnt[1] % 2. If pX==0 and pY==0: print sum0; continue.
   - init_parity = (pX, pY). We'll treat as an integer mask: mask = (pX << 1) | pY? Actually we need bits: bit0 for X, bit1 for Y. Let's define mask = (pX) * 2 + (pY) maybe? But simpler: use 0 for X even, 1 for X odd? Actually we want to match the mask computed from operations. We'll compute operation mask as an integer with bits: bit0 = X parity toggle, bit1 = Y parity toggle. So init_parity_mask = (cnt[0]%2) | ((cnt[1]%2)<<1). But careful: we need to XOR with operation mask to get zero. So we define: desired operations mask = init_parity_mask (since XORing with desired mask yields 0). So we set target_mask = init_parity_mask.

2. Build selected items list: sel_items = [] containing (id, best, dim, x[id], y[id], z[id]).
   Build unselected items list: unsel_items = [] containing (id, x[id], y[id], z[id], best).

   Also, for faster access to top values per dimension for unselected, we need three lists: val0, val1, val2, each list of tuples (value, id) for unselected items. We'll sort them descending.

   For flips: For each sel_item i:
       For each d in [0,1,2] except dim_i:
           loss = best - value_in_dimension (depending on d: if d==0: x, 1: y, 2: z)
           mask = ((dim_i==0) ^ (d==0)) | (((dim_i==1) ^ (d==1)) << 1). (since bit0 for X, bit1 for Y)
           Add candidate (loss, id, mask, type='flip') to a list for that mask. We'll later keep top K candidates per mask.
   For swaps: For each sel_item i:
       For each d_j in [0,1,2]:
           For the dimension d_j, we need to consider the top few unselected items (say top 3) that have the largest value in that dimension. For each such unselected item j (with value v_j in dimension d_j), compute loss = best - v_j. mask = ((dim_i==0) ^ (d_j==0)) | (((dim_i==1) ^ (d_j==1)) << 1). Add candidate (loss, id_i, id_j, mask, type='swap'). Note: For a given i and d_j, we should consider multiple j to have options for distinctness. We'll generate candidates for each i,d_j using the top M unselected items for that dimension (M maybe 3 or 4). Since there can be many candidates, but total O(2K * 3 * M) acceptable.

   However, we must ensure that we don't use the same unselected item j for multiple swaps when combining. By keeping top M candidates per mask, we will have enough variety.

   Since we only need the best few candidates per mask, we can store all candidates (for flips and swaps) in a list for each mask, then sort by loss and take top, say, 5-10. That may be simpler: we generate all candidates, then for each mask, sort the list and keep the first, say, 10 (or up to 20). This ensures we have the best ones.

   Implementation: We'll have arrays: flip_cands[4] = [] for masks 0..3. swap_cands[4] = [].

   For flips: For each selected item, compute the two flips and add to flip_cands[mask].
   For swaps: For each selected item, for each d_j, for each unselected item in top_uns[d_j] (taking, say, 5 best values; we can precompute top 5 for each dimension), add to swap_cands[mask].

   To generate top uns per dimension, we sort all unselected items by value in that dimension descending, and take first, say, 5 (or more). But need to consider that there might be many items; we can just take up to 5.

   Now, after building the lists, we sort each list by loss (ascending) and keep only the first few (e.g., 5 or 10). We'll keep all if they are few.

3. Compute min_loss = INF.

   - Single operation: For masks m where m == target_mask, consider the best loss among flip_cands[m] and swap_cands[m] (if any). min_loss = min(min_loss, best_loss).

   - Two operations: For each pair of masks (m1, m2) such that m1 ^ m2 == target_mask (i.e., XOR equals target), consider combinations:
        * Two flips: for each candidate c1 in flip_cands[m1] and c2 in flip_cands[m2], if c1.id != c2.id, then total loss = c1.loss + c2.loss, update min_loss.
        * Two swaps: for each candidate c1 in swap_cands[m1] and c2 in swap_cands[m2], if c1.sel_id != c2.sel_id and c1.unsel_id != c2.unsel_id, update.
        * One flip and one swap: for each f in flip_cands[m1] and s in swap_cands[m2] (or vice versa for m1+m2), if f.id != s.sel_id (since flip uses a selected item, swap uses a selected item; they must be different), update.

   Since we keep only a small number of candidates (say 5 each), the loops are small.

4. After computing min_loss, answer = sum0 - min_loss. Print answer.

Edge Cases:

- If there are not enough candidates for a mask (e.g., flip_cands[m] is empty), skip.

- Could min_loss remain INF? Possibly if target_mask non-zero and we cannot achieve it with at most 2 operations? But as argued, we always can. However, if K is large and selected set includes some items that have zero values in some dimensions, but still flips exist. So it should be fine.

Now, we need to ensure we correctly compute the top unselected items for each dimension. Since we might have many unselected items, we can create three lists of (value, id) for unselected items, sort each, and take top, say, 5. That is enough for swaps.

Now, consider the initial selection of top 2K items by best_i. When there are ties, we might want to choose the items to maximize chance of good parity? But since we will adjust, it's fine. However, what if the sum of best_i for the top 2K items is not the best possible base because selecting a different set of 2K items with slightly lower sum but better parity could yield a higher total after adjustments? For instance, suppose we have items with very close best values, but the parity of the top 2K is (1,1) and the best flip loss is huge, but by dropping one high item and adding a slightly lower item, we might achieve parity with zero loss. Our swap operations already consider dropping a selected item and adding an unselected item, so that scenario is covered as a swap. If we need to drop two high items and add two lower items, that's two swaps. So it's covered. So the base sum0 is the maximum possible sum if we ignore parity. The optimal total after parity correction is at most sum0 (since we can't increase sum beyond sum0? Actually, swapping could increase sum? Swapping may increase sum if we replace a selected item with an unselected item that has a higher value in some dimension? But since selected items are the ones with highest best_i, any unselected item has best_j ≤ best_i for the selected item it replaces (since the smallest best among selected is the 2K-th best, and unselected items have best ≤ that). However, when we assign the unselected item to a dimension, we might use a value that is higher than the selected item's best? No, because best_j is the maximum of its three values, and we are using one of them, so value_j(d_j) ≤ best_j ≤ best_i (if i is the one we replace). So the loss non-negative. So sum can only decrease. So sum0 is an upper bound. Therefore, the optimal total is sum0 minus some non-negative loss. So our approach of minimizing loss from sum0 is correct.

Now, we need to be careful about ties in best_i when selecting top 2K items: we must ensure that the selected set is indeed the 2K items with highest best_i. If there are many items with the same best_i, we choose any 2K among them. That is fine.

Now, implement.

Potential pitfalls:

- The dimension indices: For each item, we store its initial dim (the max dimension). For flips, we consider flipping to other dimensions. For a selected item that has multiple dimensions equal to best_i (ties), the initial dim we choose arbitrarily. This might affect parity and the loss for flips. For example, an item with X=Y=10, Z=0. If we assign it to X initially, then flip to Y gives loss 0. So that's fine. If we assign to X and we need to toggle X and Y, flipping X->Y (loss 0) works. If we had assigned to Y, flip Y->X also loss 0. So it's covered. So no problem.

- When generating swap candidates, we consider assigning the unselected item to any dimension d_j. We use its value in that dimension. This is fine.

- For swaps, we need to ensure that the same selected item is not used twice in two operations, and the same unselected item not used twice. Our check using ids ensures that.

- For flips, two flips must use different selected items.

- For a flip+swap, we must ensure that the flip's selected item is not the same as the swap's selected item.

- We must also consider that the swap's selected item is the one we remove; we do not need to check that the unselected item is not the same as some selected item? It is unselected, so it's not in selected set. But could an unselected item also be used as a selected item in another operation? No, because it's unselected, and we only have one set.

Now, we need to decide the number of top candidates to keep. Let's choose to keep up to 5 for each mask for flips and swaps. Since we generate all candidates, we can sort and take first 5. For swaps, we might generate many, but sorting per mask may be heavy if many candidates. But total candidates is O(2K * 3 * 5) = up to 1e5 * 15 = 1.5e6 across test cases? Actually total N is 1e5, so 2K up to N, so 2K up to 1e5. So worst-case 1e5 selected items. For each, we generate 2 flips -> 2e5 candidates. For swaps: each selected item, for each d_j (3), we may consider up to 5 unselected items -> 1e5 * 3 *5 = 1.5e6 candidates. That's okay for 1e5 total N? Possibly borderline but still acceptable in Python if optimized? 1.5 million records across all test cases (since total N is 1e5, not per test case). Actually total N across test cases is 1e5, so sum(2K) ≤ 1e5 as well. So total candidates across all test cases is O(N * constant) = O(1e5 * 15) = 1.5e6, which is fine. Sorting per mask across test cases: each test case we have at most 4 masks, each with at most total candidates; we can sort each mask's list, but sorting many small lists is okay.

But we can be more efficient: Instead of generating all swap candidates, we could generate only the best few per selected item per d_j, and then combine across items. But generating all may be simpler.

However, note that for swaps we are using top M unselected items per dimension. For each selected item and each d_j, we generate M candidates (M=5). So if 2K = 50000, then 50000*3*5=750k candidates. Still okay.

We must also consider that for each test case, we might have N up to 1e5, and we need to sort items by best values (O(N log N)). That's fine.

Now, we also need to compute the top unselected items per dimension. We'll create three arrays: uns0, uns1, uns2, each list of (value, id) for unselected items. Then sort each descending and take first, say, 5. We need to store these top candidates in a list for quick access. For each selected item, for each d_j, we will iterate over these top unselected items for dimension d_j. That's good.

Now, we must be careful about the case where the number of unselected items is less than 5; we just take all.

Edge Cases: K = N/2, no unselected items. Then swap_cands empty. Only flips. That's fine.

Now, we need to ensure we treat the parity mask correctly. Let's define:

- dim: 0 for X, 1 for Y, 2 for Z.
- For a flip from d1 to d2:
    x_bit = (1 if d1==0 else 0) ^ (1 if d2==0 else 0)
    y_bit = (1 if d1==1 else 0) ^ (1 if d2==1 else 0)
    mask = (x_bit) | (y_bit << 1)

Similarly for swap: d_i and d_j produce mask.

Now, initial parity: pX = cnt[0]%2, pY = cnt[1]%2. target_mask = (pX) | (pY << 1). So we need operations with XOR sum = target_mask.

Now, we should also consider that we could potentially use zero operations? Already handled.

Now, test on the earlier example where all selected items have dim=Z and need (1,1). For target_mask=3 (binary 11). Flip candidates: from Z to X gives mask (1,0) = 1; from Z to Y gives mask (0,1)=2; none gives 3 directly. So single operations not possible. Two flips: Z->X (mask1) and Z->Y (mask2) XOR = 1^2=3, so combinable. So our algorithm will consider pairs of flips from masks 1 and 2. Need to ensure we have at least two distinct selected items (both with dim Z). So min_loss will be sum of the two smallest losses from those masks.

Now, we need to compute losses precisely.

Alright, let's code.

But before finalizing, test on the earlier example where optimal required one swap (C with F) and we had unselected items. In that scenario, swap candidate from C (Z=100) to F (Y=90) gives mask: d_i=2 (Z), d_j=1 (Y) => x_bit = (0^0)=0, y_bit = (0^1)=1 -> mask = 2 (binary 10). target_mask was (0,1) = 2? Wait, initial parity: cnt: X=2 (even), Y=1 (odd), so pX=0, pY=1 -> mask = 2. So target_mask=2. That candidate has mask=2, it's a single operation, loss=10, so min_loss = 10. So that works.

Now, we should also think about the possibility of using the same item in two flips? Not allowed. So we check distinct ids.

Implementation plan:

- Use list of objects or just tuples. We'll store candidates as named tuples or just tuples: (loss, id1, id2, mask). For flips, id2 could be None. So we can have different structures for flips and swaps, but we can unify by using a generic tuple: (loss, sel_id, unsel_id, type). For flips, unsel_id = -1. Then for combining, we check accordingly.

Data structures:

flip_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]
swap_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]

For each selected item (id, best, dim, x,y,z):
  vals = [x,y,z]
  for d in range(3):
    if d==dim: continue
    loss = best - vals[d]
    mask = ((dim==0) ^ (d==0)) | (((dim==1) ^ (d==1)) << 1)
    flip_cands[mask].append( (loss, id, -1) )  # -1 indicates no unsel

For swaps: precompute top_unsel[d] list: list of (value, unsel_id) sorted descending, take first, say, 5. For each selected item i:
  vals_i = [x_i,y_i,z_i]
  for d_j in range(3):
    best_unsel_for_d = top_unsel[d_j] (list of top values)
    for (v, j) in best_unsel_for_d:
        loss = best_i - v
        mask = ((dim_i==0) ^ (d_j==0)) | (((dim_i==1) ^ (d_j==1)) << 1)
        swap_cands[mask].append( (loss, i, j) )  # sel_id, unsel_id

Note: For swaps, we might generate many duplicate candidates (same i,j combination for different d_j? Actually for given i and j, we only consider one d_j (the dimension we assign j to). So it's fine.

Now, after building, for each mask, we sort the lists by loss, then keep only first, say, 10 (to be safe). But we must be cautious: when we sort, we need to keep the best (smallest loss). We'll take up to 10.

Now, we do the combos.

Implementation details:
- For two flips: For mask1, mask2 with m1 ^ m2 == target:
   for c1 in flip_cands[m1][:10]:
     for c2 in flip_cands[m2][:10]:
        if c1[1] != c2[1]:  # different sel ids
            total = c1[0] + c2[0]; update min_loss.

- For two swaps: similar, check c1[1] != c2[1] (sel ids) and c1[2] != c2[2] (unsel ids).

- For flip + swap: for c1 in flip_cands[m1], c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
    if c1[1] != c2[1]:  # flip sel id != swap sel id
        total = c1[0] + c2[0]; update min_loss.

Also, we need to consider opposite order: m1 for flip, m2 for swap and also m1 for swap, m2 for flip, but XOR is symmetric, so we can just loop over all pairs of masks (m1,m2) with m1^m2==target and consider both combinations (flip+flip, swap+swap, flip+swap). But for flip+swap, we treat m1 as flip mask and m2 as swap mask, but we should also consider the reverse (swap mask m1, flip mask m2). Since we iterate over all mask pairs, it will be covered when we swap m1 and m2.

Now, after we have min_loss, answer = sum0 - min_loss.

One more nuance: It's possible that the minimal loss is achieved by a combination that does not involve the top 2K items? But we already argued that the base sum0 is maximum possible sum of best values for any 2K items, so any selection of 2K items yields sum of their best values ≤ sum0. However, the final total is sum of assigned values, not necessarily best values. It could be that a different selection of 2K items, even though their best sum is smaller, after assigning dimensions (with possibly using non-max values) the total might be larger than sum0 minus our computed loss? No, because the total we achieve with any selection is at most the sum of best values of that selection (since each assigned value ≤ its best). And the maximum sum of best values over all selections is sum0. So the optimal total cannot exceed sum0. And we showed we can achieve sum0 - min_loss, where min_loss is the minimal loss to fix parity relative to the top 2K selection. And since any other selection's best sum is ≤ sum0, the total from that selection is ≤ sum0. Could it be that a different selection has sum of best values equal to sum0 (if ties) but also has better parity so that total equals sum0 without any loss? That case would also be captured by our initial selection if we had chosen that set, but we may have chosen a different set due to tie-breaking. However, if there are multiple selections with sum0 (e.g., many items with same best values), our initial selection might have parity not satisfied, but another selection with the same sum0 may have parity satisfied. For example, items: four items, best values all 10, but two have dim X, two have dim Y, then any selection of 2K=2 items? Actually suppose N=4, K=1, 2K=2. Items: A(10,0,0) dim X; B(0,10,0) dim Y; C(10,0,0) dim X; D(0,10,0) dim Y. Best values all 10. Our initial selection of top 2 items (by best) could be A and B, parity (1,1). But we could instead select A and D (X and Y) also (1,1) or A and C (X,X) parity (0,0) even? Actually A and C both X, so counts: X=2, Y=0 -> parity (0,0). So there is a selection with sum0=20 and parity even. Our algorithm would, for the initial selection (A,B), compute parity (1,1) and then try to fix. The minimal loss might be >0 (e.g., flip A X->Y loss 10? Actually A's Y=0, so loss 10; total=10). But there exists a selection (A,C) that yields 20 directly. Our algorithm would not consider that because we didn't select that set initially. So we need to handle the case where we can choose a different set of items with the same sum0 but better parity without loss. Since we cannot enumerate all selections, we need to incorporate the possibility of choosing a different set of top 2K items (with same best sum) that yields even parity. This is essentially equivalent to being able to perform "swaps" between selected items of the same best value but different dimension, which might incur zero loss if the two items have same best and we swap one for the other. For instance, in the above, we could swap A (selected) with C (unselected) with zero loss: A's best=10, C's best=10, swapping A for C (assign C to X) gives loss 0. But does that fix parity? Initially selection A,B: cnt X=1,Y=1; swapping A (X) with C (X): remove X, add X -> parity unchanged. So not helpful. We need to swap one item with another to change parity. For example, swap B (Y) with C (X) would: remove B (Y), add C (X): parity change: Y toggles, X toggles -> mask (1,1). So from (1,1) we go to (0,0). Loss = best_B - best_C =0. So a zero-loss swap exists. So our swap candidates would include such a swap (if we have both items as selected and unselected). In our selection, B is selected, C is unselected. So we can generate swap candidate: sel item B (dim Y, best=10), unsel item C (dim X, best=10, but we assign C to X: value=10), loss = 10-10=0, mask = (d_i=1, d_j=0) -> toggles X and Y -> mask=3. target_mask=3, so single operation with loss 0. So min_loss=0, answer=20. So our algorithm will catch that. So it's covered.

Thus, as long as we consider swaps, we can effectively change the set of selected items with zero loss when there are items of equal best value. So the initial selection doesn't need to be the "best" in terms of parity, because we can adjust with zero-loss operations. So our algorithm should work for all cases.

Now, we should test on the above scenario manually: N=4, K=1. Items: A (10,0,0), B (0,10,0), C (10,0,0), D (0,10,0). Best sorted: all 10. Select top2: say A and B (we can pick any two). sum0=20, cnt: X=1,Y=1,Z=0 -> parity (1,1). Flip candidates: A X->Y loss10 mask3; A X->Z loss10 mask1; B Y->X loss10 mask3; B Y->Z loss10 mask2. So best single flip loss=10. Swap candidates: For B (Y, best10), unsel C (X=10) assign to X: loss=0, mask3. So best single operation loss=0. So min_loss=0, answer=20. Good.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that the optimal solution uses an operation that is not considered because our top unsel list might not include the best swap candidate if we only take top 5 per dimension. But for zero-loss swaps, if there is an unselected item with the same best value as a selected item, it will be among the top values for the dimension (since max value for that dimension is at least best_i). So it should be included. For non-zero loss, the best swap will likely involve the highest values, so top 5 should suffice. Since we only need at most 2 operations, and we keep a small number of candidates, it's plausible that the optimal combination is captured. To be safe, we can keep more candidates, e.g., 10 or 15. Since total candidates are manageable, we can keep up to 50 even? But sorting time may increase. However, 2K up to 5e4, so 5e4 * 3 * 15 = 2.25e6, still okay. We'll keep 10 to be safe.

Now, we also need to consider the case where two operations might use the same unselected item but in different dimensions? That is not allowed. So we check distinct unsel ids.

Now, let's implement.

We must be careful about the possibility that we don't have enough candidates for a mask; for instance, when there are no flips for a mask (e.g., mask=3 might not be generated if no selected item has both X and Y? Actually mask=3 can be generated from flip X->Y or Y->X, so if there is at least one selected item with dim X or Y, we can generate. But if all selected items have dim Z, then we cannot generate mask=3 from a single flip; but we can generate mask=1 and mask=2, which combined give 3. So that's fine.

Now, we need to compute min_loss accurately. We'll initialize min_loss to a large number (e.g., 10**18). After looping, if min_loss is still INF, then we might have to fallback to something? But should not happen.

Now, we should also consider the case where the target_mask is 0 (parity already satisfied), but we already handled early.

Now, we must write the code in a function solve().

Complexities: Sorting O(N log N). Building candidates O(N * constant). Good.

Let's test on some custom cases:

Case 1: N=2, K=1. Items: (5,0,0) and (0,5,0). Best: 5 each. Select both. sum0=10. cnt X=1,Y=1,Z=0 -> parity (1,1). Flip: 1 X->Y loss5 mask3; 2 Y->X loss5 mask3. So single flip loss5 -> total 5. But actual best pair: max(5+0=5,0+5=5,0+0=0)=5. So answer 5. Our algorithm gives 10-5=5. Good.

Case 2: N=2, K=1: (5,5,0) and (5,5,0). Both max=5 (dim? tie, pick X). cnt: X=2,Y=0 -> parity (0,0). sum0=10. Actual pair: max(5+5=10,5+5=10,0+0=0)=10. Answer 10. Good.

Case 3: N=4, K=2. Items: 
1: (10,0,0)
2: (0,10,0)
3: (0,0,10)
4: (9,9,0)
Best: 10,10,10,9. Select top4: 1,2,3,4. cnt: dims: 1:X,2:Y,3:Z,4:? best=9, dim could be X or Y (tie). Assume we pick X for 4. So cnt: X=2, Y=1, Z=1 -> parity (0,1). target_mask=2. Check flip: B Y->Z loss=10-0=10 mask2: single operation loss10. Swap: could swap 2 (Y,10) with 4 (unselected? but 4 is selected) Actually 4 is selected. Unselected? There are no unselected because N=4, K=2 => selected all. So no swaps. Flips only. So min_loss=10, total=10+10+10+9 -10 = 29. But is there a better matching? Let's compute possible matchings: We need two disjoint pairs. Possible pairing: (1,2): max(10,10,0)=10; (3,4): max(0+9=9,0+9=9,10+0=10) =10 => total=20. (1,3): max(10,0,10)=10; (2,4): max(0+9=9,10+9=19,0+0=0)=19 => total=29. (1,4): max(19,9,0)=19; (2,3): max(0,10,10)=10 => total=29. So max=29. Our answer 29 matches.

Now, case where all items have same best, say three items with best=100, and we need K=1 (2 items). Suppose items:
A: X=100,Y=0,Z=0
B: X=0,Y=100,Z=0
C: X=0,Y=0,Z=100
N=3, K=1 -> 2K=2. Select top2: A and B. sum0=200, parity (1,1). flip A X->Y loss=100, mask3; flip B Y->X loss=100; swap candidate: swap A with C: assign C to X? C's X=0, loss=100; or assign C to Z? mask? For A (X) swap with C (Z=100): loss=0, mask: remove X, add Z -> mask=1 (toggle X only) -> target_mask=3, not match. Swap B with C: similarly mask=2. So no single swap with mask3. For two swaps: e.g., swap A with C (mask1) and B with C? But can't use C twice. Or swap A with C and flip B? Let's see: two operations: flip B (Y->X) loss100 mask3 and swap A with C (mask1) -> total loss 100, but combined masks 3^1=2 not 3. Actually we need XOR = 3. So we could combine flip B Y->X (loss100, mask3) and swap A with C (mask1) gives XOR=2. Not target. Alternatively, flip A X->Y (mask3) and swap B with C (mask2) gives XOR=1. Not target. Two flips: A X->Y (mask3) and B Y->X (mask3) -> XOR=0, not target. Two swaps: swap A with C (mask1) and swap B with C (mask2) -> XOR=3, but both swaps use C twice, not allowed. However, we could swap A with C (mask1) and also flip B (mask3) XOR=2 not 3. So no two operations? But there is a better matching: pair A with C: max(100,0,100)=100; pair B with? Actually we only need one pair, so we can choose (A,C) price=100, or (B,C)=100, (A,B)=100. So max=100. Our initial sum0=200, we need to reduce by 100 to get 100. Can we achieve loss 100 with one operation? Single flip loss 100 gives total 100. So min_loss=100. That works. So answer 100. So algorithm fine.

Now, test a scenario where the best solution involves two swaps that are not with top unselected items? But we capture top few.

Now, implement code.

Potential optimization: Instead of generating all swap candidates, we could for each selected item and each d_j, take only the best unselected item for that dimension, but then for combining two swaps, we might need second best. Since we keep top 5 for each dimension, we generate candidates for each selected item with each of those top unselected items. This gives us enough.

Now, we also need to consider that for swaps, the same selected item may appear with different unselected items; we want to keep all because the best candidate for a mask might include a certain unselected item that is used in the best pair.

Now, let's outline code:

def solve():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    T = int(input().strip())
    for _ in range(T):
        N, K = map(int, input().split())
        X = [0]*N
        Y = [0]*N
        Z = [0]*N
        best = [0]*N
        dim = [0]*N
        for i in range(N):
            x,y,z = map(int, input().split())
            X[i]=x; Y[i]=y; Z[i]=z
            b = max(x,y,z)
            best[i]=b
            if b==x:
                dim[i]=0
            elif b==y:
                dim[i]=1
            else:
                dim[i]=2
        # sort indices by best descending
        idx = list(range(N))
        idx.sort(key=lambda i: best[i], reverse=True)
        selected = [False]*N
        for i in idx[:2*K]:
            selected[i]=True
        sum0 = 0
        cnt = [0,0,0]
        sel_list = []  # list of (id, best, dim, x,y,z)
        for i in idx[:2*K]:
            sum0 += best[i]
            cnt[dim[i]] += 1
            sel_list.append((i, best[i], dim[i], X[i], Y[i], Z[i]))
        pX = cnt[0] % 2
        pY = cnt[1] % 2
        target = (pX) | (pY << 1)
        if target == 0:
            print(sum0)
            continue
        # unselected items
        unsel_vals = [[] for _ in range(3)]  # for each dimension, list of (value, id)
        for i in idx[2*K:]:
            unsel_vals[0].append((X[i], i))
            unsel_vals[1].append((Y[i], i))
            unsel_vals[2].append((Z[i], i))
        # sort each unsel_vals descending
        for d in range(3):
            unsel_vals[d].sort(reverse=True)
            # keep top M (e.g., 5)
            unsel_vals[d] = unsel_vals[d][:5]  # we take top 5
        # build candidates
        flip_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]
        swap_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]
        # flips
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            vals = (x,y,z)
            for nd in range(3):
                if nd == d: continue
                loss = b - vals[nd]
                mask = ((d==0) ^ (nd==0)) | (((d==1) ^ (nd==1)) << 1)
                flip_cands[mask].append((loss, i, -1))
        # swaps
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            for nd in range(3):
                # for each candidate unselected item in unsel_vals[nd] (top few)
                for (v, j) in unsel_vals[nd]:
                    loss = b - v
                    mask = ((d==0) ^ (nd==0)) | (((d==1) ^ (nd==1)) << 1)
                    swap_cands[mask].append((loss, i, j))
        # sort and truncate candidates
        for m in range(4):
            flip_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t:t[0])
            swap_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t:t[0])
            # keep top, say, 10
            if len(flip_cands[m]) > 10:
                flip_cands[m] = flip_cands[m][:10]
            if len(swap_cands[m]) > 10:
                swap_cands[m] = swap_cands[m][:10]
        INF = 10**18
        min_loss = INF
        # single operation
        if target < 4:
            for c in flip_cands[target]:
                min_loss = min(min_loss, c[0])
            for c in swap_cands[target]:
                min_loss = min(min_loss, c[0])
        # two operations
        for m1 in range(4):
            for m2 in range(4):
                if m1 ^ m2 != target:
                    continue
                # two flips
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in flip_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
                # two swaps
                for c1 in swap_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1] and c1[2] != c2[2]:
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
                # flip + swap (m1 flip, m2 swap)
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:  # flip sel != swap sel
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
        # Answer
        ans = sum0 - min_loss
        print(ans)

Now, we need to ensure we don't have issues with large T, but sum N is bounded.

Potential improvements: For swaps, we are generating candidates for each selected item and each top unselected. However, we might generate duplicates (same (i,j) pair for different nd? Actually for a given i, j is unselected, and we consider nd as the dimension we assign j to. But j may appear in multiple dimensions' top lists. However, for a given i and j, we might consider multiple nd values if j has high values in multiple dimensions. That's fine, they are different candidates. But note that we are using top values for each dimension, so j might appear in top lists for different dimensions. That's okay.

Now, we should also consider the case where the same selected item appears in both operations. Our checks prevent that.

Now, test on sample2 second test case:

We already saw it works.

Now, let's test on a custom case:

Suppose N=100, K=10, we won't manually compute, but algorithm should work.

One more edge: When generating flips, for an item with best in multiple dimensions, we set dim=0 if X==best, else 1 if Y==best, else 2. So if X==Y==best, we assign dim=0. Then flipping to Y gives loss=0, mask = (0^1? Actually d=0, nd=1: x_bit = (1? d==0? 1) ^ (nd==0?0) =1; y_bit = (d==1?0) ^ (nd==1?1) =1; so mask=3. So zero-loss flip to fix (1,1). Good.

Now, about the size of unsel_vals top list: we took 5. But consider scenario where the best swap for a mask involves an unselected item that is not in the top 5 for its dimension because the top 5 are taken by other unselected items that are also used in other swaps, and we need distinctness. For example, suppose we need two swaps and the two best unselected items for a dimension are the same for both swaps? Actually, the two best unselected items might be the top 1 and top 2. Since we have top 5, we have more. So it should be sufficient. To be extra safe, we can increase top to 10. Since total candidates increase, but 2K up to 5e4, 5e4*3*10=1.5e6, still okay. We'll set top = 5 (or 10). Let's set to 10 to be safe. But note that building unsel_vals per dimension for all unselected items and sorting could be O(N log N). Then taking top 10. That's fine.

We'll set TOP = 10.

Now, let's test a scenario where the optimal solution requires swapping two items that are not in the top 5 of their dimension, but there are many items with similar high values. For example, suppose we have many items with best=100, and the ones with slightly lower best (99) are the ones needed for parity. In that case, the top 10 unselected items for a dimension likely include those 99 values as well. So it's fine. If the gap is large, the loss would be larger, so using a lower value would not be part of the minimal loss combination.

Thus, algorithm seems solid.

Now, we also need to consider that the selected set might include items with same id? No, they are distinct.

Now, we should also consider that there might be the case where the target parity can be achieved by a combination of a flip and a swap where the flip's selected item is the same as the swap's selected item? That would be two operations on the same item: we could consider flipping an item and then swapping it out? That seems redundant and likely not optimal because we could instead just swap it out with appropriate dimension assignment. So not needed.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the optimal solution uses no operations? Already covered.

Now, we need to be careful about the sign: loss is non-negative.

Now, we must also handle cases where K = 0 (but constraints say K>=1). So ignore.

Now, test on a tricky scenario: N=2, K=1. Items: (10,9,8) and (9,10,8). Best: both 10? Actually first max=10 (X), second max=10 (Y). So sum0=20. cnt: X=1,Y=1 -> parity (1,1). target=3. Flip: first X->Y: loss=10-9=1, mask3; second Y->X: loss=10-9=1, mask3. So min_loss=1, total=19. Actual optimal pair: max(10+9=19, 9+10=19, 8+8=16) =19. So works.

Now, consider N=3, K=1, items: (10,0,0), (0,10,0), (0,0,10). As earlier, sum0=20 (select first two), min_loss=10 (flip), total=10. But actual best pair is 10 (any pair). So works.

Now, consider N=4, K=2: items: (100,0,0), (0,100,0), (0,0,100), (99,99,0). Best:100,100,100,99. Select top4: all four. cnt: first X, second Y, third Z, fourth best=99 dim? could be X or Y (tie). Suppose we set dim=0 (X). So cnt: X=2,Y=1,Z=1 -> parity (0,1). target=2. Flip: third Z->Y? loss=100-0=100 mask2; fourth X->Z? loss=99-0=99 mask? d=0, nd=2: x_bit=1^0=1, y_bit=0^0=0 -> mask=1. Not. Single flip with mask2: third Z->Y loss=100; fourth X->Y: loss=99-99=0? Actually fourth has Y=99, so flipping from X to Y loss=99-99=0, mask: d=0, nd=1 -> mask=3 (since toggles X and Y). Not mask2. So best single flip loss=100. Swap: consider swapping third (Z=100) with unselected? None. So only flips. Two flips: e.g., flip third Z->Y (mask2, loss100) and flip fourth X->Y (mask3, loss0) -> XOR=1, not 2. Flip third Z->Y (mask2) and flip second Y->X (mask3 loss100) -> XOR=1. Flip third Z->Y (mask2) and flip first X->Y (mask3 loss100) -> XOR=1. Not 2. Flip third Z->X (mask1 loss100) and flip second Y->Z (mask2 loss100) -> XOR=3. Not 2. Flip fourth X->Z (mask1 loss99) and flip second Y->Z (mask2 loss100) -> XOR=3. Flip fourth X->Z (mask1) and flip first X->Y (mask3 loss100) -> XOR=2? 1^3=2, yes! loss=99+100=199. Also, flip fourth X->Z (loss99) and flip third Z->Y (loss100) -> 1^2=3. Not. So min_loss=199, total=100+100+100+99 -199 =200. Let's compute optimal matching: we need two pairs. Possible pairings: (1,4): max(100+99=199,0+99=99,0+0=0)=199; (2,3): max(0+0=0,100+0=100,0+100=100)=100 -> total 299. (1,2):100; (3,4): max(99,0,100)=100 -> total 200. (1,3):100; (2,4):199 -> 299. So max is 299. Our algorithm gave 200, which is wrong. So there is a better matching (299) than what our algorithm found. Why did we get 200? Because our initial selection gave sum0=399, and we subtracted minimal loss 199 to get 200, but actual optimum is 299, which is greater than 200. So our assumption that the optimum is sum0 minus some loss from the initial top 2K selection fails in this case. Because the actual optimum uses a different selection of items? Here the selected set includes all items (since N=4, K=2, 2K=4). So the selected set is all items. So sum0=100+100+100+99=399. The optimal total is 299, which is less than sum0. So the loss is 100. But we computed minimal loss as 199, which is too high; we missed a better operation that yields loss 100. Indeed, we need to find a loss of 100 to reach 299. How can we achieve loss 100? That would mean we change the assignment of some items to reduce sum by 100 while fixing parity. For the initial parity (0,1), we need to end with parity (0,0). So we need to toggle Y parity (since Y odd). A possible way: flip an item from Y to Z (loss 100) or from Z to Y (loss 100) etc. In our set, which items have Y? Item 2 has Y=100 (max), item 4 has Y=99. flipping item 2 Y->Z: loss 100-0=100, mask = (d=1->nd=2) => y_bit toggles, x_bit unchanged? d=1, nd=2: x_bit=(0^0)=0, y_bit=(1^0)=1 => mask=2. That matches target=2. So single flip loss=100. But in our flip candidates, we had item 2: but we need to check: item 2 is selected, dim=Y. Flipping to Z loss=100, mask2. Did we generate this? Yes, we should have. So why didn't we consider it? In our earlier reasoning, I missed that flipping item 2 Y->Z gives mask2 and loss100. I mistakenly thought only third Z->Y loss100 gives mask2. So indeed we have a flip with loss100. Then min_loss would be 100, answer = 399-100=299. That matches optimum. So our algorithm would catch it. Good.

Thus, our algorithm works on that case.

Now, one more test to ensure we are not missing any better combination: Suppose we have selection where the best single operation loss is high, but two operations with smaller total loss exist. That we handle.

Now, we need to ensure that we consider all possible flips, including those where the initial dim is not the max? But we always set dim to the max. However, what if the optimal assignment uses a non-max dimension for some selected item? That would be a flip. So covered.

Now, consider a scenario where the optimal solution uses an assignment where a selected item is assigned to a dimension that is not its max, but also another selected item is replaced. That's two operations covered.

Thus, algorithm appears correct.

Now, we need to implement the code with careful variable naming and correct indexing.

Let's write final solution.

Additionally, we need to consider that the initial selection of top 2K items might not be unique; we might have items with equal best values. Our algorithm picks the first 2K after sorting. That's fine.

Now, regarding the performance: For each test case, we sort items by best (O(N log N)), then generate candidates. N total 1e5, so fine.

Now, we must be careful about memory: storing all candidate tuples might be heavy but acceptable.

Let's implement and test with some random small cases by brute force to be sure? Since we can't run here, we'll trust.

Now, handle large values: use Python int.

Now, potential bug: For flips, we generated loss = best - val[nd]. Since best is max, non-negative. Good.

For swaps, we used v from unsel_vals[nd] which is the value of unselected item in that dimension. That is correct.

Now, we also need to consider that the same unselected item may appear in multiple swap candidates; we handle distinctness with IDs.

Now, one more nuance: When combining two swaps, we need to ensure that the two unselected items are distinct. But also, could the same unselected item be used as part of a flip and a swap? No, flip does not involve unselected. So fine.

Now, check: Could it be beneficial to use a swap where the unselected item is assigned to a dimension that is not its max, even if its max is higher? But we already consider all dimensions for assignment, so yes.

Now, we also need to consider that in the initial selection, we assigned each selected item to its max dimension. But what if the optimal assignment for a selected item uses a dimension that is not its max, and that item is not flipped? That is exactly a flip operation. So covered.

Now, for swap, we are replacing a selected item with an unselected item. In the new set, the unselected item will be assigned to a dimension (the one we choose). So that's captured.

Thus, the algorithm should be correct.

Now, we must implement.

Let's write the final code.

We'll define constants: MAX_CANDS = 10 (or maybe 15). We'll use 10.

Implementation steps in code:

- Use sys.stdin.read() for speed? Not necessary but we can.
- For each test case, after reading, do as described.

Edge Cases: If M = number of top unsel per dimension is less than 5, it's fine.

Now, we also need to handle the case where there are no unselected items (K == N/2). In that case, unsel_vals lists are empty, so swap_cands stays empty. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider that we might need to use more than 10 candidates if many candidates have equal loss and we need distinct items for combination. Since we only need the best few, 10 should suffice. But to be safe, we could keep all candidates if there are few, or up to 20. Since total candidates are manageable, we can store all and then when combining, we can still limit to top 20. We'll keep all and then just loop over all for combining? That could be O(candidates^2) per mask pair, which might be large if many candidates. So we truncate. So we'll keep top 10.

Now, ensure we use Python's list slicing.

Now, we might also consider that for two flips, we need to avoid using the same selected item twice. That's handled.

Now, we must also consider that we might need to combine a flip and a swap where the flip's selected item is the same as the swap's selected item? Not allowed. We already check c1[1] != c2[1].

Now, about the indexing: For flips, we stored (loss, id, -1). For swaps, (loss, sel_id, unsel_id). So we can use c[1] for selected id.

Now, we should also consider that in flip+swap, we might also need to check that the swap's unselected item is not the same as the flip's selected item? That's impossible because unselected items are not selected. So fine.

Now, we are ready.

Let's write the final solution.

After writing, test on sample input:

Sample Input 1:
1
3 1
6 3 8
3 5 0
2 7 3

Compute: best: 8 (dim2), 5 (dim1), 7 (dim1). Sorted: 8,7,5. Top2: 8 and 7. Selected: cake1 (dim2) and cake3 (dim1). cnt: Z=1,Y=1 -> parity (0,1) (Y odd) -> target mask = (0) | (1<<1)=2. sum0=8+7=15. Flips: cake1 Z->X: loss=8-6=2, mask: Z to X: d=2, nd=0: x_bit=0^1=1, y_bit=0^0=0 -> mask=1; Z->Y: loss=8-3=5, mask: d=2, nd=1: x_bit=0^0=0, y_bit=0^1=1 -> mask=2. cake3 Y->X: loss=7-2=5, mask: Y->X: d=1, nd=0: x_bit=0^1=1, y_bit=1^0=1 -> mask=3; Y->Z: loss=7-3=4, mask: Y->Z: d=1, nd=2: x_bit=0^0=0, y_bit=1^0=1 -> mask=2. So flip with mask2: cake1->Y loss5, cake3->Z loss4. Best flip loss=4. Swap candidates: For cake1 (best8,dim2), d_j=0: top unsel? unselected is cake2 (3,5,0). vals: X=3,Y=5,Z=0. For d_j=0: v=3, loss=8-3=5, mask: d=2->0 -> x_bit=1,y_bit=0 -> mask1. d_j=1: v=5, loss=8-5=3, mask: d=2->1 -> x_bit=0,y_bit=1 -> mask2. d_j=2: v=0, loss=8, mask: d=2->2 -> no change? Actually d_j=2, same as d_i? But we treat d_j=2, but it's allowed, but then mask=0 (since no toggle). However, swapping to same dimension: loss=8-0=8, mask=0. Not useful. For cake3 (best7,dim1): d_j=0: v=3, loss=7-3=4, mask: d=1->0 -> x_bit=1,y_bit=1 -> mask3. d_j=1: v=5, loss=7-5=2, mask: d=1->1 -> mask0. d_j=2: v=0, loss=7, mask: d=1->2 -> x_bit=0,y_bit=1 -> mask2. So best swap with mask2: from cake1 d_j=1 loss3, from cake3 d_j=2 loss? loss7? Actually cake3 d_j=2 loss7. So best swap loss=3 from cake1 to Y. So single operation with mask2: min loss=3 (swap) or 4 (flip) -> min_loss=3. So answer=15-3=12. Correct.

Thus algorithm produces 12.

Now, sample 2 first test case: parity already 0, answer 209. Second test case: parity 0, answer 333. So works.

Now, we should also consider that there might be ties in best values and we might need to consider different initial assignments of dim for tie items to avoid loss. Our swap/flip with zero loss covers that.

Now, about the scenario where the initial sum0 is not the maximum possibly because we selected items with same best but not the best combination for parity? But any selection with the same sum of best values will have sum of best values = sum0. Since we are subtracting loss, we get a total that is at most sum0. But there could be a selection whose sum of best values is also sum0 but with better parity so that the total equals sum0. Our algorithm might produce sum0 - min_loss where min_loss>0, but there exists a zero-loss operation that changes the set to one with better parity? In that case, our swap with zero loss would achieve min_loss=0. So it's fine.

Now, consider a case where the only way to fix parity is to change the set of items, but the unselected items have best values slightly lower than selected ones, so swapping incurs a loss. Could there be a selection of items with a different combination that has lower total best sum but after assignment gives higher total than our result? No, because total after assignment ≤ sum of best values of that selection. If that selection has a lower sum of best values, its total cannot exceed that sum, which is ≤ sum0. So our result, which is sum0 - min_loss, is at least as large as any such selection's total? Actually, if there is a selection with lower best sum but parity ok, its total is lower than sum0. So our result is at least that. So it's optimal.

Thus, our reasoning holds.

Now, final code.

We'll write the solve() function.

Potential performance improvement: Instead of generating all swap candidates by iterating over each selected item and each d_j and each top unsel, we could precompute for each dimension d, a sorted list of (value, id) for unselected, and for each selected item we just take the top 1 or 2 unselected values for each d_j. This is fine.

Now, need to ensure we don't have too many candidates: 2K * 3 * 10 = up to 1.5e6, acceptable.

We'll set CANDIDATE_LIMIT = 10.

Now, code:

```python
import sys

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    T = int(input())
    for _ in range(T):
        N, K = map(int, input().split())
        X = [0]*N
        Y = [0]*N
        Z = [0]*N
        best = [0]*N
        dim = [0]*N
        for i in range(N):
            x,y,z = map(int, input().split())
            X[i]=x; Y[i]=y; Z[i]=z
            b = max(x,y,z)
            best[i]=b
            if b == x:
                dim[i]=0
            elif b == y:
                dim[i]=1
            else:
                dim[i]=2
        # sort indices by best descending
        idx = list(range(N))
        idx.sort(key=lambda i: best[i], reverse=True)
        selected = [False]*N
        for i in idx[:2*K]:
            selected[i]=True
        sum0 = 0
        cnt = [0,0,0]
        sel_list = []
        for i in idx[:2*K]:
            sum0 += best[i]
            cnt[dim[i]] += 1
            sel_list.append((i, best[i], dim[i], X[i], Y[i], Z[i]))
        pX = cnt[0] & 1
        pY = cnt[1] & 1
        target_mask = (pX) | (pY << 1)
        if target_mask == 0:
            print(sum0)
            continue
        # unselected items data: for each dimension, list of (value, id)
        uns_vals = [[] for _ in range(3)]
        for i in idx[2*K:]:
            uns_vals[0].append((X[i], i))
            uns_vals[1].append((Y[i], i))
            uns_vals[2].append((Z[i], i))
        for d in range(3):
            uns_vals[d].sort(reverse=True)
            # keep top 10
            uns_vals[d] = uns_vals[d][:10]
        # build candidates
        flip_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]
        swap_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]
        # flips
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            vals = (x,y,z)
            for nd in range(3):
                if nd == d:
                    continue
                loss = b - vals[nd]
                # compute mask
                xb = (1 if d==0 else 0) ^ (1 if nd==0 else 0)
                yb = (1 if d==1 else 0) ^ (1 if nd==1 else 0)
                mask = xb | (yb << 1)
                flip_cands[mask].append((loss, i, -1))
        # swaps
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            for nd in range(3):
                for (v, j) in uns_vals[nd]:
                    loss = b - v
                    xb = (1 if d==0 else 0) ^ (1 if nd==0 else 0)
                    yb = (1 if d==1 else 0) ^ (1 if nd==1 else 0)
                    mask = xb | (yb << 1)
                    swap_cands[mask].append((loss, i, j))
        # sort and truncate
        limit = 10
        for m in range(4):
            flip_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t: t[0])
            swap_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t: t[0])
            if len(flip_cands[m]) > limit:
                flip_cands[m] = flip_cands[m][:limit]
            if len(swap_cands[m]) > limit:
                swap_cands[m] = swap_cands[m][:limit]
        INF = 10**18
        min_loss = INF
        # single operation
        for c in flip_cands[target_mask]:
            min_loss = min(min_loss, c[0])
        for c in swap_cands[target_mask]:
            min_loss = min(min_loss, c[0])
        # two operations
        for m1 in range(4):
            for m2 in range(4):
                if (m1 ^ m2) != target_mask:
                    continue
                # two flips
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in flip_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
                # two swaps
                for c1 in swap_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1] and c1[2] != c2[2]:
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
                # flip + swap
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:
                            total = c1[0] + c2[0]
                            if total < min_loss:
                                min_loss = total
        # Answer
        ans = sum0 - min_loss
        print(ans)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    solve()
```

Now, we should double-check indexing for masks: we used xb = (1 if d==0 else 0) ^ (1 if nd==0 else 0) and yb similarly. This yields the toggle bits for X and Y. For example, d=2 (Z), nd=1 (Y): xb=0^0=0, yb=0^1=1 -> mask=2 (binary 10). That matches earlier: toggles Y only.

Now, initial pX and pY: cnt[0]%2 and cnt[1]%2. Our target_mask = (pX) | (pY<<1). So if pX=0,pY=1 -> mask=2. Good.

Now, we convert to Python code.

We'll run through the earlier examples mentally.

Now, we need to ensure we handle the case where uns_vals[d] might be empty; then no swap candidates generated.

Now, potential improvement: For swaps, we might generate many candidates with the same i and same j but different nd? That's okay; they have different masks.

Now, we should also consider that we might want to generate swap candidates using the best M unsel items per dimension, but ensure we don't generate duplicates for same (i,j) across different nd? It's fine.

Now, we can finalize.

One more test: N=4, K=2 all items as before. We already saw it works.

Let's also test a case with N=6, K=2 where only two operations needed. Our algorithm should work.

Now, we must be careful about the limit of candidates: we set limit=10. In the case where we combine two flips, we might need the best two flips for two masks, and they might both be among top 10. So fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the best pair of operations uses the same candidate with itself (like two flips on the same item) but that is prohibited. So we check.

Now, verify that for two flips, we only check c1[1] != c2[1]. That's correct.

Now, for two swaps, we need both selected and unselected distinct. So we check c1[1] != c2[1] and c1[2] != c2[2].

Now, for flip+swap, only selected items distinct.

Now, we might also consider the possibility of using a swap and a flip where the swap's unselected item is the same as the flip's selected item? That would be a conflict because the flip's selected item is still selected, and the swap's unselected item is not selected. So no conflict.

Now, ensure we treat target_mask correctly: If initial parity is (1,0) -> mask=1. Then we search for operations with mask=1 or combination with XOR=1.

Now, all good.

Now, we output answer.

This should be the solution.

Now, we'll provide the final answer in the required format.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
```python
import sys

def solve() -> None:
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    T = int(input())
    for _ in range(T):
        N, K = map(int, input().split())
        X = [0] * N
        Y = [0] * N
        Z = [0] * N
        best = [0] * N
        dim = [0] * N          # 0:X, 1:Y, 2:Z
        for i in range(N):
            x, y, z = map(int, input().split())
            X[i] = x
            Y[i] = y
            Z[i] = z
            b = max(x, y, z)
            best[i] = b
            if b == x:
                dim[i] = 0
            elif b == y:
                dim[i] = 1
            else:
                dim[i] = 2

        # sort indices by best descending
        idx = list(range(N))
        idx.sort(key=lambda i: best[i], reverse=True)
        selected = [False] * N
        for i in idx[:2 * K]:
            selected[i] = True

        sum0 = 0
        cnt = [0, 0, 0]
        sel_list = []          # (id, best, dim, x, y, z)
        for i in idx[:2 * K]:
            sum0 += best[i]
            cnt[dim[i]] += 1
            sel_list.append((i, best[i], dim[i], X[i], Y[i], Z[i]))

        pX = cnt[0] & 1
        pY = cnt[1] & 1
        target = (pX) | (pY << 1)      # mask of needed parity change

        if target == 0:
            print(sum0)
            continue

        # unselected items: for each dimension keep top values
        uns_vals = [[] for _ in range(3)]   # per dimension: list of (value, id)
        for i in idx[2 * K:]:
            uns_vals[0].append((X[i], i))
            uns_vals[1].append((Y[i], i))
            uns_vals[2].append((Z[i], i))
        for d in range(3):
            uns_vals[d].sort(reverse=True)
            uns_vals[d] = uns_vals[d][:10]   # keep enough candidates

        # collect candidates for flips and swaps
        flip_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]   # mask -> list of (loss, id_sel)
        swap_cands = [[] for _ in range(4)]   # mask -> list of (loss, id_sel, id_unsel)

        # flips
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            vals = (x, y, z)
            for nd in range(3):
                if nd == d:
                    continue
                loss = b - vals[nd]
                xb = (1 if d == 0 else 0) ^ (1 if nd == 0 else 0)
                yb = (1 if d == 1 else 0) ^ (1 if nd == 1 else 0)
                mask = xb | (yb << 1)
                flip_cands[mask].append((loss, i, -1))

        # swaps
        for (i, b, d, x, y, z) in sel_list:
            for nd in range(3):
                for (v, j) in uns_vals[nd]:
                    loss = b - v
                    xb = (1 if d == 0 else 0) ^ (1 if nd == 0 else 0)
                    yb = (1 if d == 1 else 0) ^ (1 if nd == 1 else 0)
                    mask = xb | (yb << 1)
                    swap_cands[mask].append((loss, i, j))

        # keep best candidates per mask
        LIMIT = 10
        for m in range(4):
            flip_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t: t[0])
            swap_cands[m].sort(key=lambda t: t[0])
            if len(flip_cands[m]) > LIMIT:
                flip_cands[m] = flip_cands[m][:LIMIT]
            if len(swap_cands[m]) > LIMIT:
                swap_cands[m] = swap_cands[m][:LIMIT]

        INF = 10 ** 18
        best_loss = INF

        # single operation
        for c in flip_cands[target]:
            best_loss = min(best_loss, c[0])
        for c in swap_cands[target]:
            best_loss = min(best_loss, c[0])

        # two operations
        for m1 in range(4):
            for m2 in range(4):
                if (m1 ^ m2) != target:
                    continue
                # two flips
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in flip_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:
                            best_loss = min(best_loss, c1[0] + c2[0])
                # two swaps
                for c1 in swap_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1] and c1[2] != c2[2]:
                            best_loss = min(best_loss, c1[0] + c2[0])
                # one flip + one swap
                for c1 in flip_cands[m1]:
                    for c2 in swap_cands[m2]:
                        if c1[1] != c2[1]:
                            best_loss = min(best_loss, c1[0] + c2[0])

        answer = sum0 - best_loss
        print(answer)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    solve()
```