=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Mr. Ball and Mr. Box will play a game with balls and boxes.
Initially, Mr. Ball has 10^{100} balls of each of M different types, and Mr. Box has 10^{100} yen.
There are N boxes, where the i-th box has capacity V_i and costs P_i yen. During the game, Mr. Box can buy any box at any time.
In this game, the following operations are repeated until the game ends:

- Mr. Ball chooses one ball and gives it to Mr. Box.
- Mr. Box either accepts the ball or ends the game without accepting it.
- If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it.
- If the box with the ball satisfies the following conditions, Mr. Box receives 1 yen. Otherwise, the game ends.
- The number of balls in the box does not exceed its capacity.
- All balls in the box are of the same type.



Mr. Ball will play optimally to minimize Mr. Box's final money, while Mr. Box will play optimally to maximize it.
How much will Mr. Box's money increase throughout the game?
Here, both players have access to all information. In particular, Mr. Ball can see the capacity, price, and contents (type and number of balls) of each box.
Also, note that Mr. Box's initial money is large enough that he will never run out of money to buy boxes.
Solve T test cases for each input file.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format, where \mathrm{case}_i represents the i-th test case:
T
\mathrm{case}_1
\mathrm{case}_2
\vdots
\mathrm{case}_T

Each test case is given in the following format:
N M
V_1 P_1
V_2 P_2
\vdots
V_N P_N

Output

Print the difference between Mr. Box's final and initial money when both players play optimally.

Constraints


- 1\le T,N,M\le 3\times 10^5
- 1\le V_i,P_i \le 10^9
- The sum of N over the T test cases is at most 3\times 10^5.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3
3 2
1 1000000000
3 1
3 1
1 300000
1000000000 1
10 4
22 5
26 45
72 21
47 39
97 2
75 35
82 24
17 46
32 22
28 67

Sample Output 1

2
0
28

In the first test case, there are two types of balls and three boxes.
Let us call the two types of balls white and black balls, and call the i-th box box i.
Here is an example of how the game could proceed where the money increases by 2 yen.

- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 2 for 1 yen, and puts the white ball in it.
- Box 2 contains 1 white ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 2 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a black ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 3 for 1 yen, and puts the black ball in it.
- Box 3 contains 1 black ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 3 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box chooses to end the game without accepting it.

Finally, box 2 contains 3 white balls and box 3 contains 1 black ball.
Mr. Box spent 2 yen and received 4 yen, so his money increased by 2 yen.
In the second test case, Mr. Ball can play in a way that prevents Mr. Box from earning any money.

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to understand the game and compute the optimal outcome. Game between Mr. Ball and Mr. Box. Mr. Ball chooses balls (type) and gives to Mr. Box. Mr. Box can accept or end game. If accepts, he puts it into one of his purchased boxes (can buy boxes anytime). After placing, if the box satisfies: number of balls <= capacity, and all balls in box are same type, then Mr. Box receives 1 yen; otherwise game ends (and presumably no more money). Mr. Box wants to maximize his net gain (money increase) starting from 0 (he has large initial money but that doesn't matter). He can buy boxes at cost P_i, each box can hold up to V_i balls of a single type (must be all same type). When he puts a ball, if the box already has balls of other types, condition fails and game ends immediately. So he must ensure that each box only gets balls of one type.

Mr. Ball wants to minimize Mr. Box's final money. He can choose any ball type each step, and he knows all boxes and their capacities/prices, and also knows the current contents (so he knows which boxes have which types and how many balls). He can try to force Mr. Box into a losing move.

Essentially, Mr. Box can decide to accept or quit at each step. He can also decide which box to put the ball into (among purchased boxes). He can buy new boxes at any time. The game ends either when Mr. Box chooses to end (without accepting a ball), or when a placement violates conditions (i.e., box capacity exceeded or mixed types). Mr. Box wants to maximize total money earned (1 per successful placement) minus total cost of boxes purchased.

Mr. Ball chooses ball type to minimize that net gain.

We need to compute the optimal net gain under optimal play.

Observations: Since Mr. Ball has unlimited balls of each type, he can always give any type. He wants to cause game to end as soon as possible while minimizing Mr. Box's profit. Mr. Box can decide to stop at any time to avoid a loss.

This is reminiscent of a game where Mr. Box can choose to "invest" in boxes, and each box can generate profit per ball up to its capacity, but Mr. Ball can try to force bad placements (like giving a wrong type to a box that already has balls of a different type). However, Mr. Box can always refuse a ball if he doesn't like it. But if he refuses, game ends (he chooses to end). So he can only accept balls that he can safely place. He can also buy new boxes to place a ball.

Thus the game: At each step, Mr. Ball offers a ball type t. Mr. Box can either:
- End game: no more money.
- Accept: then he must place it in some box (already bought or buy a new one). The placement must satisfy: if placed in an existing box, that box must currently have either 0 balls or only balls of type t, and its current count must be < V_i (capacity). If he buys a new box, he pays its cost P_i, then places the ball (type t) into it, which will satisfy condition (since empty). After placement, he gets 1 yen, and the box now has count+1.

Mr. Box wants to maximize total (1 per successful placement minus sum of box costs) while Mr. Ball chooses t to minimize that.

Since Mr. Ball knows everything, he can try to offer types that force Mr. Box to either quit (ending profit) or to take actions that lead to eventual loss.

We need to find the value of the game.

This looks like a kind of "accept/reject" sequential game with investments. Since Mr. Box can always quit, he will only accept if he can eventually make a profit, else he quits earlier.

We can think of each box as a potential "machine" that can generate up to V_i - 1 profit? Actually, each ball placed gives +1 yen, but cost of box is P_i. So net from a box that gets filled completely with k balls (k ≤ V_i) is k - P_i. But note that the game ends when a placement fails, so if boxes are all of same type and we fill them to capacity, we get exactly that many placements. However, Mr. Ball can choose types to disrupt.

Important: Mr. Box can decide which box to place each ball in. Since he wants to maximize profit, he will try to use boxes efficiently. He can also buy multiple boxes.

Mr. Ball's moves: he chooses a type. He might try to "pollute" a box that already has balls of a different type, causing immediate game end if Mr. Box accepts. Mr. Box can avoid that by not accepting such a ball (if he would have to put it in a box that would cause violation). But if he doesn't accept, game ends. So Mr. Ball can force the game to end by offering a type that cannot be placed safely in any existing box, and also no new box purchase would be profitable? Actually, if Mr. Box can buy a new box to place the ball, he can always accept if he deems it profitable. He might buy a new box to continue.

So Mr. Ball wants to offer types such that either Mr. Box quits (ending profit) or the continuation leads to less profit. It's a sort of minimax.

We need to think in terms of optimal strategies.

Maybe we can model each box as independent? Not exactly, because Mr. Ball can choose type each time, and boxes are typed by the type of balls placed in them. Once a box gets a ball of some type, it's committed to that type. If multiple boxes are of same type, they can be used for that type. Mr. Box can choose which box to put each ball in. So essentially, for each type, Mr. Box can decide to allocate some number of balls to boxes of that type, with each box i having capacity V_i and cost P_i (if not yet bought). But he must decide when to buy boxes. Also, he can only place balls of that type into boxes that are either empty or already contain that type.

Mr. Ball can choose the type sequence. Since he wants to minimize profit, he might try to force Mr. Box to invest in boxes that become useless later (by offering a different type that forces abandonment). For example, if Mr. Box invests in a box for type A, then Mr. Ball can switch to type B and Mr. Box might need to invest in a box for B to continue, but he might be forced to stop if no profitable new box. However, Mr. Box can always choose to stop at any time. So he will only invest if it leads to positive net gain in the continuation.

This resembles a game where Mr. Box can choose a set of boxes to buy and balls to place, and Mr. Ball selects types adaptively. Since Mr. Ball's moves are adversarial, the optimal for Mr. Box is to consider the worst-case sequence of types. This is similar to the concept of "adversarial sequence" for "knapsack" or "resource allocation". Could be related to the "price of anarchy" or "game value" being the maximum profit achievable under worst-case type choices.

Alternative perspective: Since Mr. Ball can always give any type, and he knows the current state, he can decide to stop the game at any time by offering a type that is "bad" for Mr. Box. But Mr. Box can also stop. So effectively, the game continues as long as Mr. Box can maintain a set of boxes such that each new ball offered (of any type?) can be placed profitably. Actually, Mr. Ball chooses the type, so he can try to force a situation where no matter what Mr. Box does, continuing leads to loss. So Mr. Box will stop before that point.

Thus the game value is the maximum total profit Mr. Box can guarantee, assuming Mr. Ball chooses types adversarially, and Mr. Box can choose to stop at any time.

We need to compute this value for given sets of boxes (V_i, P_i). There are up to 3e5 boxes total across test cases.

Let's think about the structure:

- Mr. Box can buy boxes. Each box i gives up to V_i placements, costing P_i. But placements must be of a single type.
- Mr. Ball can choose any type each step. So essentially, Mr. Box must be prepared to accept balls of any type? No, because he can quit. But to continue, at each step, given the offered type, he must be able to place it safely. If not, he quits. So to maximize profit, he wants to design a strategy that for every possible type sequence that Mr. Ball might choose, he can keep accepting up to some point and then quit with positive net gain. Since Mr. Ball is adversarial, he will choose the worst possible type.

This is reminiscent of a "two-player game" where one player chooses the type, the other chooses how to allocate to boxes. The optimal for Mr. Box is to choose boxes and allocation rules that maximize the minimum possible number of successful placements (weighted by 1) minus costs.

Maybe we can think of it as: Mr. Box can decide to "serve" a certain number of balls of each type, but he doesn't know the distribution. The adversarial Mr. Ball can choose the type of each ball adaptively. So the worst-case for Mr. Box is that Mr. Ball will keep offering the type that Mr. Box is least prepared for (or that forces him to buy new boxes). This is like a "online" problem where the adversary chooses the order, but Mr. Box can adaptively buy boxes.

Observation: Since Mr. Box can buy boxes at any time, he can delay purchases. For a given ball of type t, he can either place it in an existing box of type t (if capacity left), or buy a new box (any box, not necessarily of type t initially, but after placing the ball, the box becomes of type t) and place it there, paying cost. The decision to buy a box is irreversible. So his strategy is a policy for which boxes to buy and when.

Given that Mr. Ball knows the current state, he will try to force Mr. Box into buying expensive boxes that will have little use.

Simplify: Suppose Mr. Box decides to only use a certain set of boxes, possibly multiple, but each can only serve one type. Since types are unlimited from Mr. Ball, the worst-case is that Mr. Ball will always choose the type that gives Mr. Box the smallest marginal profit from the next placement.

Consider the process: At any state, we have some boxes already bought, each with a type (if nonempty) and remaining capacity. Let's denote for each type t, the total remaining capacity among boxes of that type. Also, there are potential boxes not yet bought. When a ball of type t is offered, Mr. Box can either place it in an existing box of type t (if capacity>0), gaining 1, or buy a new box (any box) and place it there, gaining 1 but paying P_i. He could also choose to quit.

Thus, the decision depends on whether the net gain from continuing is positive. Mr. Box will only accept if he can eventually make profit overall. Since he is maximizing, he will accept if there exists a continuation strategy that yields positive total net gain from this point onward, given Mr. Ball's adversarial choices.

This is a typical minimax over states. The state can be described by the multiset of bought boxes with their types and remaining capacities, plus the set of available boxes. But that's huge.

Maybe we can think in terms of the "value" of each potential box. Since Mr. Ball is adversarial, the optimal strategy for Mr. Box might be to treat all types symmetrically? Because Mr. Ball can always switch types, the profit from a box depends on how many balls of its type he can guarantee to place in it before Mr. Ball stops offering that type.

If Mr. Box buys a box with capacity V and cost P, he can only hope to place up to V balls of the same type in it. But Mr. Ball can decide to never give that type again after some point. So the actual number of placements from that box is at most the number of times Mr. Ball chooses that type before deciding to give up. Since Mr. Ball is adversarial, he will limit that number.

This becomes a game where Mr. Box decides on a set of boxes, and Mr. Ball chooses a sequence of types. Essentially, Mr. Box can try to force Mr. Ball to give many balls of one type by making it profitable for him to continue? No, Mr. Ball wants to minimize profit, so he will avoid giving types that are profitable.

Consider that Mr. Box can always quit. So if he invests in a box of type t, Mr. Ball can immediately switch to another type, forcing Mr. Box to either invest in another box or quit. But Mr. Box can also quit after the first ball, making profit 1 - P_i (if he bought the box). But if he quits after first ball, his net is 1-P_i. If P_i is high, that's negative, so he wouldn't buy it. So he would only buy boxes where the expected profit from future placements can offset the cost.

This looks like Mr. Box can only profit by buying boxes if he can guarantee that the same type will be offered enough times to fill the box. However, Mr. Ball controls that. So the only way Mr. Box can force Mr. Ball to keep offering a certain type is if Mr. Ball has no better alternative? But Mr. Ball always has all types available. He can always choose a different type. So Mr. Box cannot force Mr. Ball to give a particular type repeatedly. Therefore, Mr. Ball can always avoid giving the same type too many times, unless doing so would cause Mr. Box to quit earlier and reduce his profit? Actually, Mr. Ball wants to minimize profit, so if he switches types often, Mr. Box might need to buy many boxes, each with a cost, which could reduce profit. So Mr. Ball can indeed force Mr. Box to either buy many boxes or quit early.

Thus, the optimal for Mr. Box might be to buy only boxes that are "cheap" enough that even if he gets only one ball of that type, he still makes profit (i.e., 1 - P_i > 0 => P_i = 0? But P_i >=1, so 1-P_i <=0). So a box with P_i=1 yields net 0 from first ball? Actually, placement gives 1 yen, so profit from that placement is 1, but cost of box is P_i, so net after first placement is 1-P_i. If P_i=1, net 0. So at best, he breaks even. To have positive profit, he needs at least 2 placements: profit = k - P_i, with k≥2 and P_i < k. So he needs to ensure at least 2 balls of the same type to offset the cost. But Mr. Ball can give only one ball of that type, then switch, forcing Mr. Box to either buy a new box for the new type or quit. If he quits, his net from the first box is 1-P_i (negative if P_i>1). So he wouldn't have bought it. So he can only buy boxes with P_i=1? Even then, if he gets 1 ball and then Mr. Ball switches, he can quit with net 0, which is not positive. So it seems impossible to ever make positive profit? But sample shows profit 2. How?

In sample, Mr. Box bought box2 (V=3, P=1) and box3 (V=3, P=1). He placed 3 white balls in box2 and 1 black ball in box3. Total placements=4, cost=2, net=2. So he got 3 white balls from Mr. Ball. Why did Mr. Ball give 3 white balls? Because maybe Mr. Ball's optimal strategy is not to switch types too early? Let's analyze sample: Boxes: (1,1e9) (3,1) (3,1). Mr. Ball could have given a black ball after first white? But then Mr. Box would have to buy box3 for the black ball, and then continue. The described play gave 4 placements. Could Mr. Ball have done better (minimize profit)? Maybe Mr. Ball could have given only white balls? But then Mr. Box could fill box2 with 3 white balls (cost 1, profit 3 => net 2) and then quit? Actually, if Mr. Ball gives only white balls, Mr. Box can keep placing them in box2, getting 3 yen, then after that box2 is full, next white ball cannot be placed (capacity exceeded). At that point, Mr. Ball gives a white ball, Mr. Box cannot place it in box2, and he might buy box3 (cost 1) to place it, but that would give profit 1 more, net 3? Wait, let's simulate: If Mr. Ball gives only white balls, after box2 full (3 balls), next white ball: Mr. Box could buy box3 (cost 1) and place, getting 1 yen, net = 3 (from box2) +1 -1 =3, so total profit 3. But is that allowed? Yes, he can buy box3 anytime. So if Mr. Ball gives only white balls, Mr. Box ends with profit 3 (cost2, placements5? Actually box2 capacity3, box3 capacity3, total placements 6? But he only has 2 boxes, each costs1, total cost2, if he fills both with white balls, placements=6, profit=4. But Mr. Ball would stop? He can continue as long as Mr. Box keeps accepting. But Mr. Ball wants to minimize profit, so he wouldn't give only white balls. He would give a black ball after the first white? Let's see: If after first white (box2), Mr. Ball gives black. Mr. Box must either quit or buy a new box for black. If he buys box3 (cost1) and places black, net so far: placements=2, cost=2, net=0. Then Mr. Ball could give white again, Mr. Box places in box2 (now 2 white). net=1. Then Mr. Ball gives black? box3 has 1 black, can take more black; if he gives black, Mr. Box places in box3, net=2. Then Mr. Ball gives white again (box2 becomes full?), etc. So Mr. Ball can mix to limit profit. In the sample play, Mr. Ball gave white, white, black, white, white? Actually they had 4 placements: white, white, black, white -> total placements 4, cost2, profit2. Could Mr. Ball have done better? Maybe Mr. Ball could have given black after first white, then Mr. Box buys box3 and places black, net 0, then Mr. Ball gives white again, placing in box2, net 1, then Mr. Ball gives black again, box3 now has 2 black, net 2, then Mr. Ball gives white again, box2 now 3 white, net 3, then Mr. Ball gives black again, box3 now 3 black, net 4, then next ball would be? Total placements 6, cost2, net4. So that sequence yields profit 4. But Mr. Ball would not play that because he wants to minimize. So he might stop earlier. The sample says Mr. Ball can force profit to be at most 2. So there must be a strategy for Mr. Ball to limit profit to 2.

Let's think systematically. This is a zero-sum game with perfect information. The state is defined by the multiset of boxes currently owned, each with a type and current count. The number of states is huge. But perhaps we can find a simpler characterization: The optimal net profit equals the maximum number such that Mr. Box can guarantee to achieve it, and Mr. Ball can limit to that. Might be related to the concept of "matroid" or "greedy".

Another viewpoint: Mr. Box's actions can be seen as selecting a set of balls (placements) and paying for boxes, subject to constraints: each box used for at most V_i balls, all balls in a box same type, and the sequence of types must be such that when a ball is placed, there is a box that can accept it (either new or existing). Mr. Ball chooses the type of each ball adaptively. This is reminiscent of a game where Mr. Box wants to collect as many balls as possible (each giving +1) but must pay for boxes, and Mr. Ball chooses types to minimize the number of balls collected.

We can think of it as: Mr. Box can "schedule" which boxes to buy and allocate balls to them. For each type, he can decide to "invest" in some boxes that will serve that type. The worst-case from Mr. Box's perspective is that Mr. Ball will offer types in a way that forces him to spread his placements thinly across many types, making each box underutilized.

Maybe the optimal strategy for Mr. Ball is to always give a ball type that currently has the smallest total remaining capacity among boxes of that type (or zero if none). Because that forces Mr. Box to either buy a new box (cost) or quit. This is reminiscent of the "adversarial" scheduling where the adversary chooses the job with the smallest "slack".

Alternatively, consider that Mr. Box can refuse to accept any ball that would require buying a new box if that box is not profitable. He will only accept if the expected future profit from that new box is enough to recoup its cost. But under adversarial types, the best Mr. Box can guarantee is to select a subset of boxes that are "cheap" enough that even if each gets only one ball? Not possible because P_i>=1.

Wait, profit from a box is k - P_i, where k is number of balls placed in it. Since P_i>=1, to get positive profit we need k>=2. But can Mr. Box guarantee k>=2 for any box? Mr. Ball can always stop giving that type after one ball. So the only way Mr. Box can ensure k>=2 is if he can punish Mr. Ball for not giving that type? But Mr. Ball doesn't care; he wants to minimize profit. So if Mr. Box buys a box with P_i=2, and then Mr. Ball gives one ball of that type, Mr. Box has net -1 so far. If Mr. Ball then switches to another type, Mr. Box will have to either quit (total net -1) or buy another box to continue. If he buys another box, he might recover, but Mr. Ball can continue switching. So perhaps Mr. Box can force profit by buying boxes with P_i=1 only? Because then even if only one ball is placed, net is 0, not negative. And if he gets two, net +1. So boxes with P_i=1 have zero downside? Actually, if he buys a box for 1 yen and places one ball, he gets 1 yen, so net 0. If he places two, net +1. So he can at least break even. So boxes with P_i=1 are "safe" in that they never cause a loss (since he can always quit after placing one ball). But if he buys a box with P_i>1, he risks loss if only one ball placed. So Mr. Box will never buy a box with P_i>1 because Mr. Ball can always give only one ball of that type and then switch, forcing Mr. Box to either quit with loss or invest further. But maybe he can recoup by using the box for many balls of that type if Mr. Ball gives them? But Mr. Ball won't.

Thus, the only boxes that can be used are those with P_i=1? But in sample, P_i=1 for two boxes, and profit is 2. However, there is also a box with P=1e9, useless. So it fits. In second test case, N=1, M=300000? Actually second test: 1 300000, V=1e9, P=1. So there is a box with huge capacity and cost 1. Mr. Box could buy it and place balls of a single type. But Mr. Ball can give a ball of type t, Mr. Box buys the box and places it, net 0. Then Mr. Ball gives another ball of same type? That would give net +1. But Mr. Ball can give a different type? If Mr. Ball gives a different type, Mr. Box cannot place it in the same box (mixed types). He could buy another box? But only one box exists. So he would have to accept the ball? He can quit. So after first placement, if Mr. Ball offers a different type, Mr. Box cannot place it safely (the only box has a ball of type t), so he must quit. Then his net is 0. So the maximum profit he can guarantee is 0 (since Mr. Ball can always give a different type after the first). In sample, output is 0. So indeed, with one cheap box, profit is 0. In first sample, with two cheap boxes, profit is 2. So the number of cheap boxes matters.

What about boxes with P_i>1? Could they ever be used? Suppose there are many boxes with P_i=2, but each can hold large capacity. If Mr. Box buys one for 2, then Mr. Ball gives one ball of that type, net -1. Then Mr. Ball gives another ball of same type? That would give net 0, but then Mr. Ball could switch? If he switches, Mr. Box can either buy another box (cost 2) and continue, maybe eventually recoup. But the adversary can always keep switching to new types, forcing Mr. Box to buy many boxes, each yielding only one ball, each giving net -1 (since cost2, gain1). So total net negative. So Mr. Box would never buy a box with P_i>1, because the adversary can force only one ball per box, leading to net loss. However, if there are also some cheap boxes (P_i=1), maybe the expensive boxes can be used after cheap boxes are exhausted? But the adversary can still switch types.

What if there is a box with P_i=1 and V_i large, and also boxes with P_i=2 but V_i small? Mr. Box might buy the cheap box for type A, place many balls, then after it's full, he might consider buying an expensive box for type A? But then Mr. Ball can switch to type B, forcing him to buy a cheap box for B, etc. Possibly the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to only consider boxes with P_i=1, because they are the only ones that guarantee non-negative net per box even under worst-case (since one ball gives net 0, more gives positive). For P_i>1, the worst-case (only one ball) gives negative net, so they are never used in an optimal strategy. But is it possible that with multiple boxes of P_i>1, Mr. Box can somehow force Mr. Ball to give multiple balls of the same type? For instance, if Mr. Box has already placed balls of type A in multiple boxes, and Mr. Ball stops giving A, then Mr. Box can quit, but that might have already yielded profit. But the adversarial Mr. Ball can always decide to give A only once per box. So indeed, the worst-case number of balls per box of any type is 1 if Mr. Ball wants to minimize profit. However, if there are many boxes of the same type and Mr. Box can place balls of that type in them, Mr. Ball might be forced to give more of that type if he wants to avoid giving Mr. Box profit elsewhere? This is a strategic game: Mr. Ball chooses types adaptively based on current state. He can observe that if he gives a new type, Mr. Box will buy a new box and break even, so no profit. If he gives the same type, Mr. Box may place another ball in an existing box, gaining +1 profit. So Mr. Ball will only give a new type when it benefits him (i.e., to prevent Mr. Box from gaining more profit). He will give the same type only if it limits future profit? Actually, giving the same type gives Mr. Box immediate +1. That's bad for Mr. Ball. So he will always give a different type if that yields less profit. But if he gives a different type, Mr. Box can buy a new box (cost P) and place ball, gaining 1 but paying P. If P=1, net 0, which is less than +1 from same type. So Mr. Ball prefers to give a different type (net 0) rather than same type (net +1). So to minimize profit, Mr. Ball will always give a type that is not currently being used in any box (or more precisely, a type for which there is no box with remaining capacity?). But if there is a box with remaining capacity for that type, giving that type yields +1. So Mr. Ball will avoid giving that type. He will give a type that has no box with capacity, i.e., a new type. That forces Mr. Box to either buy a new box (if profitable) or quit. If Mr. Box buys a new box with cost P, net gain from that placement is 1-P. For P=1, net 0. So Mr. Ball can keep giving new types, and Mr. Box can keep buying cheap boxes (P=1), each giving net 0, so total profit remains 0. But wait, after buying many cheap boxes, Mr. Box has many boxes each with one ball. Then Mr. Ball could give a type that already has a box with capacity (since those boxes have capacity left). That would give Mr. Box a profit of +1 (since placing ball in an existing box yields 1, no new cost). So Mr. Ball should avoid that. He can always give a new type (one not yet used) because there are infinite types (M is finite but possibly large). In sample, M=2, so only two types. So after using both types, Mr. Ball has no new type to give; he must give one of the two types again. That forces Mr. Box to potentially get profit. So the number of types M is a crucial constraint. In the first sample, M=2, Mr. Box could buy a cheap box for type 1, then Mr. Ball gives type 2, Mr. Box buys another cheap box for type 2, net 0. Now both types have boxes with capacity. Next ball must be either type 1 or 2; both have existing boxes with capacity, so Mr. Box can place it and get +1 profit. That's why Mr. Ball's optimal is to give a type that has a box with capacity, but he has no choice. So after the first two placements (one each type), Mr. Box has two boxes, each with one ball, capacity left. The next ball, regardless of type, yields profit +1. Then after that, the box may have capacity left, and the other box still has capacity. Mr. Ball can give the other type, yielding another profit, etc. So essentially, once all types have been "activated" (i.e., at least one box bought for each type), Mr. Ball is forced to give a type that already has a box, and Mr. Box can keep placing balls, each yielding +1, until all capacities are exhausted. So the total profit depends on the total capacity of cheap boxes after the initial activation phase.

Therefore, the game reduces to: Mr. Box can buy boxes of various capacities and costs. He wants to maximize profit. Mr. Ball will choose the sequence of types. With M types available, Mr. Ball can initially give each type once, forcing Mr. Box to buy a box for each type (if he wants to continue). After all M types have been "covered" by at least one box, any further ball will be of a type that already has a box with remaining capacity, so Mr. Box can place it without buying new box, gaining +1. So the total profit = (total number of placements) - (total cost of boxes bought). The placements consist of: first M placements (one per type) that each required buying a new box, and then additional placements that fill remaining capacity of boxes.

But Mr. Box can also decide to not buy a box for some type, which would mean that when Mr. Ball gives that type, Mr. Box quits and game ends, stopping further profit. So Mr. Box will only buy boxes for a subset of types, and then quit when a ball of a type not covered is given. Since Mr. Ball can give any type, he will give a type not covered if any, because that forces Mr. Box to either buy a box (cost) or quit. If Mr. Box quits, game ends. So to maximize profit, Mr. Box should cover all types (buy at least one box for each type) if the cost of doing so is less than the potential profit from later placements. But he might also choose to cover only some types and then quit when the other types appear, limiting his profit. He will decide optimally.

Thus, the game is: Mr. Box chooses a set of boxes to buy (perhaps adaptively) but we can think of his strategy as: he will decide a threshold: for each type, he will buy some boxes, but he must buy at least one box for each type he wants to be active. Actually, he can buy multiple boxes for a type. The adversarial Mr. Ball will first exhaust all types by giving each type once (since that minimizes profit by forcing the cost of the first ball of each type). After that, he will keep giving types arbitrarily, filling boxes. So the profit depends on the total capacity of boxes bought minus the total cost of boxes. However, Mr. Box can also choose to not cover some types, in which case Mr. Ball will give those types early, forcing Mr. Box to either exit or buy. So the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to decide which boxes to buy, and then the game proceeds as: Mr. Ball will give each type that is not covered (if any) in some order, and for covered types, he will give them after all uncovered types are given? Actually, Mr. Ball can choose the order. To minimize profit, he will give all uncovered types first because that forces Mr. Box to either buy boxes for them (cost) or quit. If Mr. Box quits early, profit is limited. So Mr. Box will either quit at some point, or he will eventually buy boxes for all types to continue. So the optimal Mr. Box will either quit immediately (profit 0) or he will buy a set of boxes that covers all M types, because if he doesn't cover all, Mr. Ball can give an uncovered type and force him to either buy (more cost) or quit. Since he can always quit when an uncovered type appears, his profit will be the profit up to that point. So he might decide to cover only a subset of types and then quit when an uncovered type appears, but then Mr. Ball will give an uncovered type as soon as possible, so the game ends after all covered types have been used once? Wait, let's formalize.

Suppose Mr. Box decides to buy boxes only for a set S of types (|S| = k). He will buy these boxes initially or as needed. After he has at least one box for each type in S, he has some placements from those initial balls. Then Mr. Ball can give a type not in S. At that point, Mr. Box can either buy a new box for that type (which would expand S) or quit. If he quits, his profit is the profit from placements so far minus costs of boxes bought for S. To maximize profit, he will only buy a box for a new type if it increases his total profit. So effectively, he will consider the profit from covering all types or a subset.

Given M types, the optimal strategy might be: Mr. Box will eventually cover all M types if the total capacity from bought boxes (net profit) is positive after paying for at least one box per type. But he can also choose to cover only some types and then quit. Since Mr. Ball can always give an uncovered type immediately, the game will end after at most one ball per covered type. So profit from covering k types would be: total placements = k (one per type) minus total cost of boxes bought for those types (assuming he buys exactly one box per type, and those boxes have capacity at least 1). But after the first ball in each box, there may be remaining capacity, but the game ends because Mr. Ball gives an uncovered type and Mr. Box quits, so no further placements. So profit = k - sum_{i in bought boxes} P_i. Since P_i >= 1, this is <=0 unless some P_i=0 (not allowed). So k - sum P_i <=0 typically. So he cannot get positive profit by covering only a subset, because each box gives at most 1 placement (since game ends after first ball of each type). The only way to get more than one placement per box is to cover all types, because then there is no uncovered type to force termination, so Mr. Ball must keep giving already covered types, allowing multiple placements per box. Therefore, Mr. Box must cover all M types to get any positive profit. And his profit will be (total placements) - (total cost of all boxes he buys). Since he will buy boxes to maximize that under the constraint that he must cover all M types (i.e., for each type, he must have at least one box that can hold balls of that type). He can also buy multiple boxes for a type, and can fill them up to their capacities.

Thus, the game reduces to: Choose a multiset of boxes (each box can be used for at most one type, and must be assigned to a specific type) such that for each of the M types, there is at least one box assigned to it. The total profit will be total capacity of all boxes assigned (since each ball placed gives 1 yen, and we can place balls up to total capacity) minus total cost of those boxes. However, is there any limitation from the type assignment? Since boxes are initially untied to types, we can assign each box to any type. But we need at least one box per type. After assignment, Mr. Ball will give balls in some order, but since all types are covered, the worst-case for Mr. Box is that Mr. Ball may try to fill boxes unevenly? However, since Mr. Box can choose which box to put each ball, he can always fill boxes to their full capacity as long as there are enough balls of each type. But Mr. Ball chooses the type of each ball. He can decide to give one type many times and another type few times. That could cause some boxes to be underused if the corresponding type is not given enough balls. Since he wants to minimize profit, he will give types in a way that some boxes are not fully utilized, reducing total placements. So Mr. Box cannot guarantee that all boxes will be filled to capacity. He must consider the worst-case distribution of types chosen by Mr. Ball.

In the adversarial setting, after covering all types, Mr. Ball will choose a sequence of types (any sequence) to minimize total placements (since each placement gives +1). Mr. Box can decide where to place each ball (which box of that type) to maximize total placements. So it becomes a game: given boxes assigned to types (each box has capacity V_i), Mr. Ball chooses an infinite sequence of types (since he has unlimited balls). Mr. Box can accept and place each ball in an appropriate box of that type, but only if there is remaining capacity. The game continues indefinitely until either all boxes are full (then any further ball cannot be placed, so Mr. Box would have to quit or cause violation? Actually, if all boxes are full, any new ball of any type cannot be placed because no box has capacity. So Mr. Box would have to quit when offered a ball, ending the game. So the total placements is the total number of balls placed before the game ends. Mr. Ball can choose the type sequence to minimize that total number, given that Mr. Box can adaptively allocate balls to boxes.

This is an online problem: There are M types, each with some total capacity (sum of capacities of boxes assigned to that type). Mr. Ball chooses a type each step, and Mr. Box can accept and use one unit of capacity of that type. The game ends when Mr. Box refuses (which he can at any time) or when a ball is offered that cannot be placed (no capacity left for that type) and Mr. Box would have to quit because accepting would violate condition? Actually, if no capacity left for that type, Mr. Box cannot place it safely (since placing would exceed capacity), so he would quit when offered such a ball. So the game ends at the first time a ball of a type is offered for which there is no remaining capacity. Mr. Ball wants to minimize the total number of accepted balls (placements) before that happens, while Mr. Box wants to maximize it.

This is reminiscent of a "cat-and-mouse" game where the adversary chooses the worst-case order to deplete capacity. For each type, the capacity is C_t. The adversary can choose to give types until one type runs out, then the game ends. So the total number of placements is the sum of capacities of all types except the one that runs out first? Actually, if the adversary gives types, he can cause one type to be exhausted before others, then the game ends. The total placements will be the sum of capacities of all types, but only if the adversary gives exactly the amounts that fill all boxes? No, because the game ends as soon as a type's capacity is exhausted and then the next ball of that type causes termination. But he can give balls of other types after that? Once a type is exhausted, if the adversary gives a ball of that type, Mr. Box cannot place it and game ends. So the adversary can decide to give balls of that exhausted type again immediately to end the game. So he can end the game at any point after the first type is exhausted. So to minimize total placements, the adversary will try to exhaust a type as early as possible. He can do that by concentrating on that type. So the worst-case number of placements for Mr. Box is: given capacities C_1,...,C_M (sum S), the adversary can make the game end after at most M * min(C_t) ? Not exactly. He can choose to give only one type until it runs out, then give that type again (or any type) to end. But giving only one type would place min(C_t) balls of that type, then the next ball of that same type cannot be placed, game ends. So total placements = min(C_t). But is that allowed? Yes, Mr. Ball can choose to give only type 1 repeatedly. But Mr. Box could also have placed balls of other types if they were offered, but they aren't. So total placements = number of balls given and accepted, which is exactly the number of times he gives that type before it runs out. So the adversary can limit total placements to the minimum capacity among types. But wait, Mr. Box can decide to accept or quit. If the adversary gives only type 1, Mr. Box can accept until type 1 runs out, then the next ball of type 1 cannot be placed, so he quits. Total placements = C_1. So the adversary can achieve at most min(C_t) placements by always giving the type with smallest capacity. But is there any better for Mr. Box? Could Mr. Box force the adversary to give other types by threatening to quit? He can quit at any time, but that would end the game with less profit. So he wouldn't quit early if he can continue. So the adversary indeed can choose to give only the smallest capacity type. So the maximum guaranteed placements for Mr. Box is min(C_t). But sample 1: M=2, boxes: box2 capacity 3, box3 capacity 3, assigned to types? They can assign one box to type white, one to black. So C_white=3, C_black=3, min=3. Then total placements = 3? But sample profit was 2 (placements=4, cost=2). Wait, placements were 4, not 3. How did Mr. Box get 4 placements? The worst-case for Mr. Box would be if Mr. Ball gave only white balls: 3 placements, then game ends. Profit = 3 - 2 =1? But sample says profit 2. So maybe the adversary cannot force only white because Mr. Box can also use the black box for white? No, boxes are typed. If Mr. Ball gives only white, Mr. Box can only place white in box2 (capacity3). After that, no more white placements, but box3 is of type black, so cannot accept white. So Mr. Box would have to quit when next white ball offered. So total placements =3. Profit = 3 - 2 =1. That is lower than 2. So Mr. Ball would choose that strategy to limit profit to 1, but sample output is 2, meaning Mr. Box can guarantee at least 2? But sample play gave profit 2, and Mr. Ball's optimal is to minimize profit, so if he could achieve 1, output would be 1. Since output is 2, Mr. Ball cannot force profit 1. Why? Because Mr. Box can also assign boxes differently? He can assign box2 and box3 to different types, but he can also choose to not assign both types? Wait, he must cover both types because M=2. So he must have at least one box for each type. But he can assign the two boxes to the two types (one each). Then capacities are 3 each. Mr. Ball can give only white, then only 3 placements, profit 1. So that would be worse for Mr. Box. But maybe Mr. Box can choose to buy only one box? But then he wouldn't cover all types, so Mr. Ball gives the other type, and Mr. Box quits, profit 0? Actually, if he only buys one box (capacity 3, cost 1), and covers only one type, say white. Then Mr. Ball gives black (uncovered). Mr. Box can either buy another box (cost 1) to cover black, or quit. If he buys another box, then he has two boxes, same as before. If he quits, profit = placements so far - cost. Placements so far: he placed one white ball (first ball) and then black offered, he quits. So profit = 1 - 1 =0. So that's worse. So the only way to get profit is to cover both types. Then with capacities 3 each, adversary can get 3 placements. So why sample output 2? Let's recalc sample: boxes: (1, 1e9) (3,1) (3,1). So two cheap boxes of capacity 3, cost 1 each. So if he buys both, total capacity=6, total cost=2. If adversary gives only white, placements=3, profit=1. If adversary gives white, white, black, white,... maybe he can get 4? But adversary wants to minimize, so he should give only white. So why can't he? Perhaps because Mr. Box can decide to not fill the white box to capacity? But why would that help? The adversary gives a ball; Mr. Box can decide which box to put it in. If he has two boxes, both empty, he can put first white in box2, second white in box2, third white in box2, then box2 full. Then next white, he could put it in box3? But box3 is empty, but placing a white ball in box3 would make it a white box. That's allowed! Because box3 is initially untyped; he can place any ball in it. So after box2 is full (3 whites), if Mr. Ball gives another white, Mr. Box can buy box3? No, he already bought it. He can place the white ball in box3. So now box3 becomes a white box. So he can continue placing white balls in box3 until it's full, getting another 3 placements, total 6. So the adversary giving only white actually yields 6 placements, profit 4, which is high. So Mr. Ball would not do that; he would give black at some point to force Mr. Box to use box3 for black, limiting total use. But Mr. Box can choose to put the first white in box2, second white in box2, third white? He could decide to split between boxes to force Mr. Ball to give black? This is strategic. Let's see: Mr. Ball wants to minimize total placements. If he gives only white, placements can go up to total capacity of all boxes if Mr. Box can use all boxes for white. So to prevent that, Mr. Ball must give black at some point to force that at least one box is used for black, reducing white capacity. So the adversary's optimal is to give both types to keep the capacities separate and minimize the total. In fact, the adversary wants to cause the smallest of the two capacities to be the limiting factor. But if the adversary gives both types, then each box can only be used for one type. So the total placements will be the sum of capacities of boxes assigned to each type, but the adversary can decide to give more of one type to exhaust it early. So after boxes are assigned to types, the adversary can force total placements to be at most min_{t} (total capacity for type t) * M? Hmm.

Let's analyze more carefully the game after all types are covered. At that point, each box has a type (the type of its first ball). Mr. Box cannot change a box's type later. So the capacities per type are fixed. Mr. Ball then chooses a sequence of types. Mr. Box can accept balls and place them in any box of that type that has remaining capacity. The game ends when a ball is offered of a type that has no remaining capacity (or when Mr. Box quits). Mr. Box wants to maximize total placements, Mr. Ball to minimize.

Given fixed capacities C_t for t=1..M, what is the outcome of this subgame? This is a classic "adversarial capacity" problem: The adversary can choose the order. He can quit at any time? Actually, the adversary (Mr. Ball) wants to minimize placements, so he will choose a sequence that ends as soon as possible. He can force the game to end as soon as one type runs out, by simply giving that type repeatedly. However, he must also consider that Mr. Box may have placed balls in other types before that. But if he gives only one type, say type 1, then he will place exactly C_1 balls before that type runs out, then the next ball (which is still type 1) cannot be placed, game ends. So total placements = C_1. Since he can choose which type to concentrate on, he can achieve at most min_t C_t placements. So the maximum total placements that Mr. Box can guarantee (i.e., the value of the subgame) is at most min_t C_t. But can Mr. Box do better? Suppose Mr. Box preemptively quits? No. So the worst-case placements = min_t C_t. However, is that always achievable by Mr. Ball? Yes, by always giving the type with smallest capacity. So the guaranteed placements for Mr. Box is exactly the minimum capacity among types. But wait, in sample, if Mr. Box assigns one box (capacity3) to white, one to black, then C_white=3, C_black=3, min=3. So placements=3, profit=3-2=1. But sample says profit 2, so placements must be 4. So either Mr. Box can achieve more than min capacity, or my analysis is missing the fact that Mr. Box can assign boxes adaptively after seeing the ball types, not necessarily fix assignments before the game. Because he can decide to use a box for a type only when he places the first ball in it. So he can decide on the fly which type to assign to each box. This flexibility might allow him to get more than min capacity.

Indeed, Mr. Box can decide which box to buy and when, and also which box to place a ball in. He can use a box for any type initially. So the assignment of boxes to types is not fixed in advance; it emerges as the game proceeds. So Mr. Box can react to Mr. Ball's choices. For example, in sample, suppose Mr. Ball starts with white. Mr. Box buys box2 (cost1) and places white in it. Now box2 has 1 white. Next, Mr. Ball could give white again, Mr. Box can place it in box2 (now 2 white). Or he could give black. If he gives black, Mr. Box can buy box3 (cost1) and place black in it. Now boxes: box2:2 white, box3:1 black. Then Mr. Ball gives white: Mr. Box places in box2 (3 white). Then Mr. Ball gives black: Mr. Box places in box3 (2 black). Then Mr. Ball gives white: box2 full, so he could place in box3? But box3 has black, can't place white. So he must either buy a new box or quit. There are no more cheap boxes, so he quits. Total placements=4, profit=4-2=2. So with this adaptive assignment, Mr. Ball's strategy of giving both types leads to 4 placements. Could Mr. Ball do better by giving only white? Then Mr. Box places all white in box2, then box2 gets 3 whites, then next white: box2 full, so Mr. Box can buy box3 and place white in it, making it a white box. Then box3 gets whites until full (3 more). So total placements=6, profit=4. So that's worse for Mr. Ball. So Mr. Ball's optimal is to give both types, leading to 4 placements. So indeed, the adaptive assignment yields total placements = sum of capacities of boxes but with the twist that boxes can be reassigned? Actually, in the 4 placement scenario, box2 got 3 whites, box3 got 1 black. So total capacity used =4, whereas total capacity available was 6. So the adversary forced underutilization. The guaranteed profit for Mr. Box is 2. So we need to compute the value of this game: given boxes (V_i, P_i), Mr. Box can buy boxes over time, and Mr. Ball chooses ball types, with M types total. We need the outcome.

This is reminiscent of a classic problem: "Balls and boxes" game where optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to buy boxes in order of increasing cost? Or something like that. Possibly the solution involves sorting boxes by cost (or by profit per capacity) and then using a greedy: Mr. Box will only buy boxes with P_i=1? But sample had P_i=1. What if there are boxes with P_i=2 but high capacity? Could they be used? Let's test a small example. Suppose M=2, two boxes: box1: V=10, P=2; box2: V=10, P=2. No cheap boxes. Can Mr. Box make profit? If he buys a box for first ball (say type A), cost2, gain1, net -1. Then Mr. Ball gives type B. Mr. Box can either buy another box (cost2) and place B, net now -2+? After that, both types have boxes. Then Mr. Ball can give any type, and Mr. Box can place ball in existing box, gaining +1 each. However, note that the boxes are expensive; each placement gives +1 but the cost per box is spread over the balls placed in it. The total potential placements sum to 20 (if both boxes used to capacity). But can Mr. Box achieve that? With adversarial Mr. Ball, will he be forced to underuse? Let's simulate optimally. Mr. Box's strategy: He can decide to buy only one box? Then Mr. Ball gives the other type, Mr. Box quits, net -1. Not good. He must buy both to have a chance. Suppose he buys box1 for type A (first ball), net -1. Then Mr. Ball gives type B. He buys box2 for B, net -2. Now both types have boxes. Next, Mr. Ball gives A: Mr. Box places in box1, net -1. Then B: net 0. Then A: net +1. etc. So after this, each placement gives +1. To make up the initial loss of 2, he needs at least 2 extra placements beyond the first 2. So if he can get at least 4 placements total, net >=0. But can he get 4? With capacities 10 each, total capacity 20. But Mr. Ball will try to stop early. How can he stop early? After initial two placements, the boxes have one ball each. Then Mr. Ball can give the type that has smaller capacity? Both have 9 remaining. He can give one type repeatedly until that box is full? If he gives only type A, then box1 fills after 9 more placements (total placements become 1+9=10 from box1, plus 1 from box2, total 11). That would give net 11 - 4 =7, which is good for Mr. Box. So Mr. Ball would not do that. He wants to minimize total placements. He could give both types alternating? Let's see: After initial two, if he gives type A, then B, then A, then B... as long as neither box fills, they will fill evenly. The game ends when one box fills. The total placements before a box fills is (min capacity among boxes) * 2? Actually, each time he gives a type, that type's remaining capacity decreases by 1. The game ends when one type reaches 0 capacity. Since he can choose the order, he can cause the smaller capacity to be exhausted first. Initially, both have 9 remaining. He can give type A 9 times and type B 0 times, then type A has 0, B has 9 remaining. Then next ball, if he gives A again, can't place, game ends. Total placements = initial 2 + 9 = 11. That's high. If he gives both types, he can cause one to exhaust earlier? If he gives A 9 times and B 9 times, that's 18 more placements, total 20. But he wants small, so he will concentrate on one type, causing it to exhaust at 9 additional, total 11. So the minimum total placements with this setup is: after initial two, the remaining capacity of the box that gets used more will be exhausted first. Actually, if he gives only one type, that type is exhausted after 9 more balls, so total = 2+9=11. So Mr. Box can guarantee at least 11 placements. That yields net = 11 - 4 = 7, positive. So Mr. Box can profit even with expensive boxes? But wait, the initial cost is 2 per box, total 4, and he gets 11 placements => net 7. That seems profitable. But is there any way for Mr. Ball to reduce placements further? Could he give the other type a few times to force Mr. Box to buy another box? No, he already has boxes for both types. The only way to reduce placements is to end the game earlier. But he can't end the game without giving a ball that cannot be placed. The earliest that can happen is after one type is exhausted. The smallest possible total placements is when the type with smallest total capacity is exhausted. Initially, both capacities are 10 (since boxes have capacity 10 each). So min capacity = 10, so the adversary can force total placements = 10? How? Let's think: After initial two placements, capacities remaining: 9 each. If the adversary gives only type A for 9 more balls, type A gets exhausted after 9 additional, total = 2+9=11, not 10. If he gives type A 8 times and type B once, then remaining: A:1, B:8, then he gives A again? That would exhaust A after 1 more, total = 2+8+1+? Let's recount: initial 2. Then give A 8 times: capacities A:1, B:9. Then give B 1 time: A:1, B:8. Then give A: capacity A becomes 0, game ends after that placement. Total additional = 8+1+1=10, total=12. That's higher. So the earliest exhaustion is after 9 more placements of a single type, total 11. So min total placements = 11. That's > min capacity (10). So my earlier claim that adversary can force total placements = min C_t is wrong because the initial placements also count, and they consume capacity as well. Actually, the total capacity across types is sum C_t. The adversary can force the game to end when the type with smallest total capacity is exhausted. But note that the initial placements each consume one unit of capacity from the type they are assigned to. So the remaining capacities after covering all types is C_t - 1 for each type (since each type got at least one ball). Then the adversary can concentrate on the type with smallest remaining capacity. So the total placements = M (initial) + min_t (C_t - 1) (additional placements from that type). So total placements = M + min_t (C_t - 1) = (M-1) + min_t C_t. In sample, M=2, min C_t =3, total placements = 1+3=4. That matches sample (4 placements). So this formula seems plausible: if Mr. Box buys boxes so that each type t has total capacity C_t (sum of capacities of boxes assigned to that type), then after the initial M balls (one per type), the adversary can force the game to continue until the type with smallest remaining capacity (C_t - 1) runs out. Since he can give that type repeatedly, he can get at most (C_t - 1) additional placements from that type. So total placements = M + min_t (C_t - 1). The adversary will choose to give that type, and also maybe give other types? He wants to minimize, so he will not give other types because that would increase placements. So total placements = M + min_t (C_t - 1). But is there any strategy for Mr. Box to increase this number by not using the same box for the initial ball of a type? He must use some box for each type's first ball. That consumes capacity. So the formula seems robust: after each type has at least one ball, the adversary can always focus on the type with smallest remaining capacity, ending after that capacity is exhausted. So the total placements guaranteed (i.e., the worst-case from Mr. Box's perspective) is M + min_t (C_t - 1) = (M-1) + min_t C_t. Note: if min_t C_t = 0? Not possible since every type must have at least one box, so C_t >=1. So total placements = M - 1 + min C_t.

Now, Mr. Box can choose which boxes to buy and which types to assign them to, to maximize his profit, which is total placements - total cost. He can also decide to not cover all types and quit earlier. As argued, covering all types is necessary for positive profit because otherwise profit ≤0. So we need to choose a multiset of boxes (each with capacity V_i and cost P_i) and assign them to types (M types) such that each type gets at least one box, and the total profit is: (M - 1 + min_t C_t) - sum_{boxes} P_i, where C_t is sum of capacities of boxes assigned to type t. Mr. Box wants to maximize this profit. Mr. Ball will then force the worst-case (which is that formula). However, Mr. Box can also choose to not use some boxes after buying them? But he bought them, so cost is sunk. He will use them optimally.

So the problem reduces to: Given M types and N boxes with capacities V_i and costs P_i, choose a subset of boxes to buy and assign each to a type (each type must get at least one box) to maximize (M - 1 + min_t C_t) - total cost. Since M is fixed, maximizing profit is equivalent to maximizing (min_t C_t - total cost) + (M-1). But M-1 is constant, so we need to maximize (min_t C_t - total cost). Actually, profit = (M - 1) + min_t C_t - total_cost. So maximize that.

Let K = total_cost = sum of P_i of bought boxes. Then we want to maximize min_t C_t - K.

Note that min_t C_t is the smallest total capacity among types. To make min_t C_t large, we need to allocate capacities to types evenly. But we have costs.

This is an optimization problem: choose a multiset of boxes, partition them into M groups (each nonempty), to maximize (min group sum) - (total cost). This is reminiscent of a knapsack-type problem but with M up to 3e5 and N up to 3e5. Need an efficient algorithm.

But note that boxes can be assigned to types arbitrarily, and we can also decide to buy any number of boxes. The objective involves min group sum. To maximize min group sum minus total cost, we might consider that we can always not buy some boxes. This is like: we want to select a set of boxes and an assignment to types such that for some value X, each type gets total capacity at least X, and total cost is as small as possible, and then profit = X - total_cost + (M-1)? Actually, if we set a target X for min_t C_t, then we need to ensure each type has total capacity ≥ X. The total cost needed to achieve that is at least the minimum cost to cover each type with capacity at least X. Then profit = (M-1) + X - min_cost(X). We want to maximize over X. Since capacities are integers up to 1e9, but we can consider X up to max V_i.

This is similar to: given boxes, we want to buy a set that can provide at least X capacity to each of M types, minimizing total cost. Then the best profit is max_X (X - minCost(X)) + (M-1). Since M-1 is constant, we can ignore it for maximization.

Now, what are the constraints? M and N up to 3e5, sum N across test cases 3e5. So we need O(N log N) or similar per test case.

We need to compute, for each possible X (maybe only certain X values, like capacities of boxes), the minimum cost to ensure each type gets at least X capacity. Since we can assign boxes arbitrarily, the problem reduces to: we have a set of boxes, each provides capacity V_i at cost P_i. We need to pick a multiset such that the total capacity assigned to each type is at least X. This is like a covering problem: we need to allocate boxes to types, each box goes to exactly one type. So we need to buy enough boxes so that we can assign them to M types each getting at least X. This is equivalent to: we need to buy a set of boxes whose total capacity is at least M*X, but not exactly, because the allocation must be partitionable into M groups each of sum ≥ X. However, if total capacity is at least M*X, can we always partition? Not necessarily, because capacities are indivisible. For example, one box with huge capacity could cover multiple types? No, a box can only be assigned to one type. So each type needs its own boxes. So we need at least M boxes, one per type, but they can be combined: a type can have multiple boxes. So the condition is that there exists a partition of the bought boxes into M groups each with sum ≥ X. This is a classic "bin packing" constraint. With arbitrary capacities, it's NP-hard to check if a set can be partitioned into M groups with min sum ≥ X. However, because we are free to choose which boxes to buy, and we have many boxes, there might be a greedy solution.

But note that we are not required to use all bought boxes; we can leave some unused? Actually, once bought, we have to assign each box to a type? Not necessarily: we can buy a box and never put any ball in it? That would be wasteful; we wouldn't do that. So each bought box will be used for some type. So we can think of assignment.

Given the large constraints, there must be a simpler characterization. Perhaps the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to buy exactly M boxes, one per type, and the best is to buy M boxes with the smallest P_i and largest V_i such that? But in sample, he bought two boxes (M=2) each with V=3, P=1. That gave min C_t =3, total cost=2, profit= (M-1)+3-2 =1+3-2=2. Could he have done better by buying more boxes? Suppose he also buys the expensive box (V=1, P=1e9). That would add 1 capacity at huge cost, making min C_t still 3 (since min remains 3), total cost huge, profit negative. So not good. So likely only cheap boxes matter. But what about boxes with P_i=2 but V_i very large? Suppose M=2, boxes: (V=100, P=2) and (V=100, P=2). Then if he buys both, min C_t =100, total cost=4, profit = (2-1)+100-4=1+96=97. That's huge profit. But can Mr. Ball force only min C_t placements? Under our earlier analysis, yes, he can force total placements = M-1+min C_t = 1+100=101, profit=101-4=97. But can Mr. Ball reduce placements more? Perhaps he could give the other type some balls to cause the min capacity to be lower? No, min capacity is fixed by the assignment. He can only choose the type sequence. With boxes of equal capacity, he can concentrate on one type, exhausting it after 100 balls, total placements = first 2 (one each) + 99 = 101. So profit 97. So Mr. Box would definitely buy these boxes. So expensive boxes (P=2) can be profitable if V is large enough. So we cannot restrict to P_i=1 only. The key is the ratio V_i / P_i? Actually, profit from a box i if used for the type that becomes the min capacity might be different. The total profit depends on the minimum among the totals, so the margin is determined by the "bottleneck" type.

Thus, we need to solve: choose a set of boxes and assign them to M groups to maximize min_group_sum - total_cost. This is reminiscent of "max-min fair allocation" with costs. Could be solved by considering that we only need to care about the box with the smallest sum, so we want to allocate capacities to types in a way that balances them, and we want to minimize cost.

Observing that boxes are independent and we can purchase any number, this is like: For each type, we need to achieve a certain capacity level. The cost for a type to achieve capacity X is the minimum cost to select a subset of boxes (that are assigned to that type) with total capacity at least X. Since boxes are not dedicated to types initially, we can think of the entire pool of boxes: we need to select M subsets (one per type) that partition the chosen boxes, each with sum ≥ X. The total cost is sum of costs of all chosen boxes.

This is like: we need to partition a multiset of boxes into M groups, each with sum ≥ X, minimizing total cost of boxes used. But we are free to choose which boxes to use, we can also choose boxes not used (cost 0). So it's a knapsack covering problem.

Given that N and M are large, there might be an optimal strategy that uses only the M cheapest boxes (in terms of some metric) to provide the minimum capacity? But not necessarily, because a box with high cost but huge capacity might be beneficial as it can cover a type with large capacity, raising the min.

Idea: Since the objective is min_t C_t - total_cost, we can think of the following: Suppose we set a target X for the min capacity. Then to achieve that, we need to buy boxes such that each type gets at least X. The total capacity needed is at least M*X, but more importantly, we need at least one box per type (since each type needs at least one box, but a single box can have capacity much larger than X). The minimal cost to achieve min_cap ≥ X might be found by: for each type, we can buy the cheapest box that has capacity ≥ X? Not exactly, because we can combine multiple boxes for a type. But note that for a given type, if we want total capacity ≥ X, we can buy one box with capacity ≥ X, or multiple boxes summing to ≥ X. The cheapest way to achieve capacity ≥ X for a type is to take the box with the smallest cost among those with capacity ≥ X, or maybe a combination of cheaper small boxes could be cheaper. So we need to consider both. However, since we have many types, and we can assign boxes arbitrarily, the optimal assignment for a given X might be to pick M boxes, each from the pool, such that each is at least X, and minimize total cost. But also we could use multiple boxes per type. But if we have a box with capacity less than X, we would need to combine with others to reach X, and that might be more expensive than using a single box of capacity ≥ X. So likely the optimal for each type is to use a single box that has capacity ≥ X. Because if you use multiple small boxes, you incur multiple costs and the sum of capacities may be larger than needed, but the total cost might be lower if small boxes are very cheap. For example, X=100, there is a box V=100, P=100, and there are 100 boxes V=1, P=1 each. Using 100 small boxes costs 100, same as the big box. But if small boxes cost less than 1 each? No, P_i≥1. So the sum of costs of small boxes is at least the number needed. In general, the problem is similar to "covering" with items. For large X, it's likely best to use a single large box. But we need to consider the possibility of using multiple boxes per type, especially when the cheapest box with capacity ≥ X is very expensive, but there are many cheap low-capacity boxes.

However, note that we have M types, and we want to minimize total cost subject to each type achieving at least X. This is like we have a pool of boxes, we need to select M groups, each with sum ≥ X. This is a "bin packing" problem that is NP-hard in general. But maybe there is a greedy that works because we can treat boxes as independent and the objective is linear in X. Given competitive programming constraints, there must be a simpler observation.

Let's reconsider the game dynamic more carefully. Perhaps the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to only buy boxes with P_i=1? But in the example with V=100, P=2, profit was 97, so that seems profitable. But is that actually achievable given Mr. Ball's optimal play? Let's simulate M=2, two boxes each V=100, P=2. Mr. Box buys both. According to our formula, total placements = M-1 + min C_t = 1+100 = 101, profit = 101-4=97. But can Mr. Ball do better? He could give balls in a different order. After initial two balls (one per type), boxes have remaining capacity 99 each. Then Mr. Ball could give type A 99 times and type B 0 times, then type A exhausted, game ends, total placements = 2+99=101. So that matches. Could he do something else to reduce? What if he gives type A 50 times, type B 50 times, then both have 49 remaining, total placements = 2+100=102, which is higher. So the minimum is 101. So Mr. Box can guarantee 101 placements. So profit 97. So indeed, boxes with P=2 can be used. So we need to include all boxes.

Now, note that we have limited types M, up to 3e5. The number of boxes also up to 3e5. So we need an algorithm that finds the optimal selection.

Let's denote the boxes as (V_i, P_i). Since we can buy any number, the problem is to maximize f(S) = (M-1) + min_t C_t - sum_{i in S} P_i, over subsets S of boxes and assignments to types (partition of S into M nonempty groups). Equivalent to max over S and partition of (min_t group_sum - total_cost) + (M-1). So we focus on g(S) = min_t group_sum - total_cost.

Observation: Since we can always add extra boxes to a type, the min_t group_sum is non-decreasing when we add boxes, but total cost increases. So there is a trade-off.

Maybe we can think in terms of value per capacity: If we consider the "net profit" of a box, not directly.

Another perspective: The game outcome is determined by the minimum total capacity among types. Mr. Box wants to maximize that minimum minus total cost. This is similar to the concept of "maximizing the minimum after subtracting cost". He can decide to not use all boxes. This can be seen as: there is a target X, and we need to achieve min_t C_t >= X with minimal cost. The optimal profit is max_X (X - minCost(X)) + (M-1). So we need to compute minCost(X) for each possible X, then take the max.

Now, what is minCost(X)? It is the minimum total cost of boxes we need to buy so that we can assign them to M groups each with total capacity ≥ X. Since we can choose any assignment, this is like: we have a multiset of boxes, we want to cover M "bins" each needing at least X capacity. This is a covering problem. It can be solved by a greedy: sort boxes by some metric, then use a "priority queue" to allocate, but there may be a simpler approach.

Notice that the condition "each group sum >= X" is equivalent to the existence of a partition of the boxes into M subsets such that each subset sum ≥ X. This is possible if and only if the total capacity of all boxes ≥ M*X, and the largest box is at least X? Not sufficient. For example, M=2, X=5, boxes with capacities {4,4,4}. Total=12≥10, largest=4<5, so impossible because each group needs ≥5, but each box is only 4, so you would need at least two boxes per group, but then you have 3 boxes, can't split into two groups of at least5 each (possible: group1:4+4=8, group2:4, fails). So we need more. It seems like we need the sum of capacities of the largest M boxes to be at least M*X? No, consider M=3, X=5, boxes {10,1,1,1}. Largest3 sum=12>=15? No, 10+1+1=12<15, so impossible. But if we use the large box alone for one group (10≥5), then we need two groups from the three 1's, total 3<10, so impossible. So we need both total capacity >= M*X and also each of the largest M-1 boxes? Not sure.

Actually, a necessary and sufficient condition for partitioning into M subsets each with sum ≥ X is that the total sum S ≥ M*X and that for every k, the sum of the k largest items is at least k*X? This is a known condition for "bin packing" with minimum sum constraint? It's related to the "Gale's theorem" or "max-min allocation". For the case where items can be split, it's easier, but items are indivisible. However, we are free to choose which boxes to buy, so we can try to only buy boxes that are large enough to cover X individually? Because if we use a box of capacity < X, then to cover a type with that box we need additional boxes, which adds cost and complexity. So perhaps the optimal for a given X is to buy M boxes each of capacity ≥ X, and choose the M cheapest such boxes. Because then each type gets at least X from one box, total cost is sum of cheapest M boxes with V_i ≥ X. This seems plausible: using a single box per type minimizes cost because you avoid the overhead of multiple boxes (each box has positive cost). Could it ever be cheaper to use multiple boxes per type to reach X, even though each box costs at least 1? Suppose X=10, there is a box with V=10, P=100, and there are 10 boxes each V=1, P=1. Using one big box costs 100; using 10 small boxes costs 10, which is cheaper. So it's better to use multiple small boxes. So we need to consider combinations. So the optimal for a type could be a combination of boxes. So the problem reduces to: For each type, we need to select a subset of boxes (disjoint across types) with total capacity ≥ X, minimizing total cost. Since boxes are identical across types (they are all in the same pool), we need to partition the selected boxes into M groups, each summing to at least X, minimizing total cost.

This is reminiscent of a "covering" problem that can be solved by a greedy algorithm: sort boxes by cost per capacity? Not sure.

Maybe we can think differently: Since Mr. Box can also decide to not buy boxes for some types and instead quit early, the profit from covering all types is as derived. But perhaps there is another strategy: Mr. Box could cover only k < M types and then quit when another type appears, but he could also buy boxes for those types later, but that would be equivalent to covering all eventually. Since Mr. Ball can always force the game to end after min_t C_t placements, the profit from covering all types is as described. Could there be a scenario where covering a subset yields higher profit than covering all? For a subset of k types, after covering those k types with boxes, Mr. Ball will give a type not covered, and Mr. Box can either quit (profit = k - sum P_i) or buy a box for the new type. If he quits, profit = k - sum P_i. This is ≤0 because each P_i>=1. So to get positive profit, he must cover all types. So indeed, covering all M types is necessary.

Thus, we focus on covering all M types.

Now, the optimization: maximize (M-1 + min_t C_t - total_cost). Let’s denote for each type t, let C_t be the total capacity of boxes assigned to it. The min_t C_t is the bottleneck. To maximize the objective, we want to increase the smallest C_t while keeping cost low. This is similar to "maximizing the minimum after subtracting costs". A common technique is to sort boxes by capacity and use a data structure to maintain the best cost to achieve a given min.

Alternatively, we could think in terms of "one box per type" being optimal if we consider that the cost per capacity is decreasing? But as shown, multiple small boxes can be cheaper. However, note that small boxes have capacity 1 often. If there are many (V=1, P=1) boxes, then we could buy M*X such boxes to give each type X capacity at cost M*X. Then profit = M-1 + X - M*X = M-1 - X*(M-1) = (M-1)(1-X). For X>=1, this is non-positive unless X=1, then profit = (M-1)*0 =0. So that yields zero profit. So using many small boxes is not good. Using a single large box with V=10, P=10 gives profit = M-1+10 - (10*M?) Wait, for M types, if we buy one large box per type, each with capacity V and cost P, then total cost = M*P, min C_t = V, profit = M-1+V - M*P = V - M*P + (M-1). For this to be positive, we need V > M*P - (M-1). For large M, this is V > M*P roughly, so V must be much larger than P. So the ratio V/P matters.

So essentially, we need to select a set of boxes and allocate to types to maximize profit.

Perhaps we can transform the problem into something like: profit = (M-1) + (min_t C_t - total_cost). If we define D_t = C_t - (total_cost)/M? Not.

Given the difficulty, maybe there is an alternative approach to the original game without this reduction. Maybe we can directly compute the optimal net profit using a greedy algorithm on boxes sorted by cost. Observe that in the game, Mr. Box will only ever buy a box when he gets a ball of a type that currently has no box. He will buy the cheapest available box that has the largest capacity? He wants to maximize the eventual minimum capacity. So he will, when forced to buy a box for a new type, choose the box that gives the best "value" in terms of capacity per cost, but mindful of the eventual min. This resembles a "online" decision but since both players are optimal, the outcome is determined by the available boxes sorted by some criterion.

I recall a known problem: "Ball and Box game" from AtCoder maybe? This looks like an AtCoder problem (ABC 263 Ex? or something). Possibly the solution is: For each box, compute its "effective profit" as V_i - P_i (or V_i - 1? ). Then the answer is max(0, sum of largest M values of (V_i - 1) - (M-1)? Actually, sample 1: boxes: (1,1e9) (3,1) (3,1). Compute V_i - 1: 0, 2, 2. Largest M=2 values: 2+2=4. Then subtract (M-1)=1 gives 3? Not 2. Or maybe V_i - P_i: -1e9+1? No.

Another thought: In the game, each box is used for a type. The first ball placed in a box costs the box's price, but yields 1 yen. So net from that ball is 1 - P_i. Subsequent balls in the same box yield +1 each. So a box yields profit (1 - P_i) + (V_i - 1) * 1 = V_i - P_i if fully filled. However, due to adversarial types, the box might not be fully filled. The worst-case filling is limited by the min capacity across types. So if a box is assigned to a type that ends up being the bottleneck, it might get fully filled, whereas others might be underfilled. Actually, the bottleneck type is the one with smallest total capacity. In the worst-case, that type gets filled completely (all its capacity used), while other types may have unused capacity. So boxes assigned to the bottleneck type are fully utilized; boxes assigned to other types may be partially used. So each box's contribution to profit is: if its type is the bottleneck, it contributes V_i - P_i; if its type is not bottleneck, it might contribute less. But the min capacity is the smallest total capacity, so the bottleneck type's total capacity is the min. For other types, their total capacity is at least the min, so some of their capacity may be unused. In the worst-case sequence, only the bottleneck type's capacity is fully used; the others are used only up to the bottleneck's capacity (since after the bottleneck is exhausted, game ends). Actually, the total placements = M-1 + min C_t. That means that the total number of balls placed from the bottleneck type is min C_t (since it includes the initial ball plus (min C_t -1) additional balls from that type). For other types, they only get their initial ball (1 each) plus possibly some additional if they are also the minimum? No, only the minimum type gets extra balls. So in total, each non-bottleneck type contributes exactly 1 placement (the initial ball), while the bottleneck type contributes all its capacity (C_t = min C_t). So total profit = (sum over all types of 1) + (C_bottleneck - 1) - total_cost = M + (min C_t - 1) - total_cost = M-1 + min C_t - total_cost, as before. So the contribution of each box depends on whether its type is the bottleneck: if it is, its capacity is fully used; if not, only the first ball in that box is used (since the type's total capacity is > min, but only one ball is placed per non-bottleneck type, but that one ball might be placed in any box of that type. However, each non-bottleneck type may have multiple boxes; only one ball is placed in total across all boxes of that type (the initial ball). That means only one box per non-bottleneck type actually receives a ball; the other boxes for that type are never used. So buying multiple boxes for a non-bottleneck type is wasteful; they never get used. Therefore, in an optimal strategy, Mr. Box should never buy more than one box for any type except possibly the bottleneck type. Because additional boxes for non-bottleneck types will never be used (since only one ball is placed for that type, and that ball can be placed in one box; any extra boxes would be wasted cost). For the bottleneck type, he may buy multiple boxes because all its capacity will be used (up to the min). So the optimal assignment is: choose one type to be the bottleneck; for that type, buy a set of boxes with total capacity C (which will be the min); for each of the other M-1 types, buy exactly one box (since only one ball will be placed for each), and that box's capacity can be anything >=1, but to ensure that the min is C, we need the total capacity for each other type to be at least C (so that they are not the bottleneck). Actually, to have min_t C_t = C, we need that the bottleneck type has total capacity exactly C (or at least C, but if it's larger, then min might be from another type). We can set the bottleneck type's total capacity to C, and ensure all other types have total capacity >= C. Since other types have only one box each, that box's capacity must be >= C. So for each non-bottleneck type, we must choose a box with V_i >= C. And for the bottleneck type, we choose a set of boxes whose total capacity is exactly C (or at least C) but we want to maximize profit: profit = M-1 + C - total_cost. So given C, we need to select one type as bottleneck (but types are symmetric), and we need to choose M-1 boxes (one for each other type) each with V_i >= C, and choose a set of boxes for the bottleneck type with total capacity at least C (we can use exactly C, because extra capacity would increase the min beyond C? Actually, if we make bottleneck total capacity > C, then the min might be determined by other types if they have exactly C, but we want min = C, so we can set bottleneck total capacity to be exactly C to avoid wasting cost. But we can also have it larger, but then min would be at least C, and profit would be M-1 + min_t C_t - total_cost. If we increase bottleneck capacity, min increases, but cost also increases. So we can consider all possibilities.

Thus, we can reframe: choose a value C (the eventual min capacity), and then:
- For the bottleneck type, we need to achieve total capacity at least C (and we will use exactly that total capacity, maybe more but that would increase min, so we can treat as we aim for min C).
- For each of the other M-1 types, we need to pick exactly one box with V_i >= C (since only one ball used, but capacity must be at least C to ensure its total capacity is >= C; if we pick a box with V_i > C, that's fine, the extra capacity is wasted but doesn't hurt except cost; we might want to pick the cheapest such box).
- The total cost is cost_bottleneck(C) + sum_{other types} cheapest box with V_i >= C.
- Profit = (M-1) + C - total_cost.

We can also consider the possibility that the bottleneck type is not the one with the smallest total capacity? Actually, we designate one type as bottleneck; the min is the smallest total among types, so that type's total capacity is exactly C, and others have total >= C. So the above covers all.

But we also have the possibility that the bottleneck type uses multiple boxes, while others use one box each. Also, note that we could also have the bottleneck type use only one box, but then we are picking M boxes (one per type) each with V_i >= C, and the smallest among them is C (the min). So that case is included when the bottleneck type also uses one box.

Thus, the optimization reduces to: For each possible C (integer up to max V_i), compute:
- cheapest M-1 boxes with V_i >= C (if there are at least M-1 such boxes), sum them into cost_other(C).
- Then, we need to find the minimum cost to achieve total capacity >= C using any subset of boxes (not including the ones used for other types? But boxes can be used for any type; they are not pre-assigned. So we should consider the whole pool of boxes, and we need to assign M groups: one group (bottleneck) with total capacity >= C, and M-1 groups each with a single box of capacity >= C. The boxes are not distinguishable, so we need to pick M boxes total for the other types, and a set of boxes (possibly multiple) for the bottleneck type, all distinct. So total boxes used = (M-1) + k, where k>=1 for bottleneck. The total cost = sum of selected boxes. The condition: there exist M-1 boxes each with V_i >= C (not necessarily distinct? They must be distinct boxes assigned to distinct types). And the remaining boxes (some set) must have total capacity >= C. This is like: we need to partition the chosen boxes into M-1 singletons each of capacity >= C, and one group of total capacity >= C. Equivalent to: we need to choose M boxes (or more) such that the M-th largest capacity among them (if we sort capacities descending) is at least C, and the sum of the rest (the ones not among the top M-1?) Actually, let's think: If we pick some set of boxes, we can assign the M-1 boxes with the largest capacities (each >= C) to the other types, and the remaining boxes (which could be many) form the bottleneck type. Then the condition for the bottleneck type to have total capacity >= C is that the sum of capacities of the remaining boxes (after removing the M-1 largest) is at least C. So the problem becomes: Choose a multiset of boxes (any number) to maximize (M-1) + C - total_cost, where C = min( capacity of the M-1th largest box? No, C is the min capacity of the bottleneck group, but we want to set C. Actually, we are optimizing over C. For a given C, we need to select boxes such that:
- There are at least M-1 boxes with capacity >= C (these will be assigned to other types).
- The total capacity of the remaining boxes (including possibly some of those with capacity >= C if we use more than M-1, but we can treat them as part of bottleneck) is at least C.
- Total cost is sum of all selected boxes.

Then profit = M-1 + C - total_cost.

We want to maximize this over all possible selections and C.

Alternatively, we can think of selecting boxes and then C is determined as min( capacity of the M-1th largest box? Actually, if we have selected boxes, the optimal assignment for a given selection is: sort capacities descending, assign the top M-1 boxes to the other types (each as a singleton), and the rest to the bottleneck type. Then the min capacity among types will be min( capacity of the M-1th box, sum of rest ). Since sum of rest might be larger than the M-1th box, the min is the M-1th box's capacity (because that is a type's total capacity and it's the smallest among the M-1 singletons; the bottleneck sum could be larger). Actually, the M-1 singletons each have capacity equal to their individual capacity; the smallest among the singletons is the M-1th largest overall (if we have at least M boxes). The bottleneck group sum could be smaller or larger. So the overall min is min( capacity of the M-1th largest box, sum of remaining boxes ). To maximize profit, we want to make this min as large as possible while minimizing cost. The profit is (M-1) + min - total_cost. So we can consider that.

This is reminiscent of selecting boxes to maximize (M-1) + min( cap_{M-1}, sum_{rest} ) - total_cost. This is a combinatorial optimization that might be solved by considering boxes sorted by capacity and using a data structure to maintain the best sum/cost.

Given constraints, we can think of enumerating the bottleneck's total capacity (C) and for each C, compute the minimum cost to have at least M-1 boxes with capacity >= C (these are "singleton" boxes) and then a group of boxes (any capacity) with total capacity >= C (the bottleneck group). Since boxes can be used in either role, the optimal for a given C is to take the M-1 cheapest boxes among those with V_i >= C, and then for the bottleneck group, we want to achieve total capacity >= C with minimum cost using any remaining boxes (including possibly some that also have V_i >= C, but we might use them if cheap). So we need to compute, for each C, the cost of selecting the M-1 cheapest boxes with V_i >= C (call them singleton set), and then from the remaining boxes (all boxes except those M-1), we need to find the minimum cost to achieve total capacity >= C. But we could also use a box that was not among the M-1 cheapest but is cheaper for the bottleneck? Actually, the M-1 cheapest might not be the best overall because maybe a box that is expensive but has huge capacity could be better used as a singleton, while a cheaper box with lower capacity could serve in the bottleneck group if combined with others. So we need to consider the overall selection: we want to choose a set of boxes and partition them into M-1 singletons (each capacity >= some threshold) and one group with total capacity >= that threshold, minimizing total cost given the threshold. This is like: we want to choose M-1 boxes as "singles" and the rest as "combined", where the threshold is the minimum of the singleton capacities and the combined sum. To maximize profit, we can try all possible thresholds C and find the optimal selection.

But note that C must be one of the capacities of some box (since the min capacity will be either a singleton capacity or the sum of some set). But we can treat C as variable.

Now, how to compute for each C the minimum total cost to have M-1 boxes with capacity >= C and another group with total capacity >= C? This can be done by sorting boxes by capacity, and processing from high to low, maintaining a data structure for the cheapest combination to achieve a sum. This is similar to "select M-1 boxes" and then "knapsack for the rest" but N up to 3e5, we need O(N log N) overall.

Given the game's nature, there might be a simpler solution: The answer is the maximum over all boxes of (something) or the sum of top M-1 (V_i - P_i) + something. Let's try to derive.

Suppose we decide that the bottleneck type will be served by a single box. Then we need M boxes total, each with capacity >= C, and the smallest capacity among them is C. The total cost is sum of P_i for those boxes. Profit = M-1 + C - sum P_i. So we want to maximize this over choosing M boxes with capacities V_i, where C = min_{i in selected} V_i. Let’s sort boxes by V_i descending. If we pick the top M boxes (by capacity), then C = V_M (the M-th largest). The profit = M-1 + V_M - sum_{i=1..M} P_i. That's a candidate. But we might do better by picking a different set, e.g., not the top M by capacity but some with lower capacities but cheaper costs, potentially increasing C? Actually, C is the minimum of the selected capacities, so if we pick a box with very large capacity, it doesn't affect C as long as the minimum stays high. So we want to choose M boxes such that the minimum capacity is as high as possible and total cost as low as possible. That's like: we want to maximize V_min - sum P_i. So we can sort boxes by V, and for each possible V (as the minimum), consider the M cheapest boxes among those with V_i >= V, and compute V - sum of their costs. Then take max. This is similar to the earlier approach. But this only considers using one box per type. However, as we saw, using multiple boxes for the bottleneck might be better, e.g., if there are many cheap small boxes that together can exceed a large capacity, but then you would use M-1 cheap small boxes for the other types? But then the other types each get a small box, which might have capacity < C if C is large. So that may not work.

Let's test the multiple-box bottleneck scenario with the sample. In sample, M=2, boxes: (3,1), (3,1), (1,1e9). Using single box per type: we need 2 boxes with V_i >= C. The cheapest two with V>=? If we take the two (3,1), C=3, cost=2, profit = (2-1)+3-2=2. That's optimal. So the multiple-box bottleneck not needed.

Consider a case where there is a very cheap box with V=1, P=1, and a cheap box with V=100, P=100. M=2. Single box per type: we need two boxes with V>=C. Options: pick the (100,100) and (1,1): C=1, cost=101, profit=1+1-101=-99. Or pick two (100,100): C=100, cost=200, profit=1+100-200=-99. Not good. Multiple-box bottleneck: we can use the (1,1) for one type (singleton) and for the other type, buy two (1,1) boxes? Then bottleneck type total capacity=2, other singleton capacity=1, min=1, total cost=3, profit=1+1-3=-1. Not good. Or use (100,100) for singleton and for bottleneck type use 100 (1,1) boxes: total capacity=100, cost=100+100=200, min=100? Wait, other type has singleton (100,100) capacity=100, bottleneck sum=100, min=100, cost=200, profit=1+100-200=-99. So no profit. So indeed, boxes with high cost per capacity are not useful.

Now consider boxes where V_i is large and P_i is small. That seems promising. In general, the optimal selection likely uses boxes with high V_i relative to P_i. This suggests that we should sort boxes by some efficiency, maybe V_i - P_i? For the bottleneck type, each extra capacity beyond the first gives profit 1 per capacity (since it yields an extra placement) but also costs P_i for the box. For a box used as a singleton for a non-bottleneck type, its capacity beyond 1 is wasted, so only its cost matters, and we want it to have capacity >= C. So we want cheap boxes with capacity >= C for singletons. For the bottleneck type, we want to achieve total capacity >= C with minimum cost, so we want boxes with high capacity per cost.

Thus, the problem is: For each C, let S(C) be the set of boxes with V_i >= C. We need to pick M-1 boxes from S(C) with minimum total cost. Let cost_singletons(C) = sum of the smallest M-1 costs among boxes in S(C). If |S(C)| < M-1, then C is infeasible. Then, after taking those M-1 boxes, from the remaining boxes (including those not in S(C) and the rest of S(C) after removing the chosen M-1), we need to achieve total capacity >= C with minimum cost. This is a knapsack-like problem: we want to select a subset of boxes (disjoint from the singletons) with total capacity at least C, minimizing cost. However, note that we are free to choose which boxes to use as singletons; the optimal might not be the cheapest M-1 in S(C), because maybe a slightly more expensive singleton could free up a very cheap box to be used in the bottleneck group, reducing overall cost. So we need to consider the overall selection of M-1 singletons and a bottleneck set, minimizing total cost for given C. This is like: we need to partition a subset of boxes into M-1 singletons (each capacity >= C) and one group (any capacity) with total >= C, minimizing total cost. This can be seen as: we need to select at least M boxes, and then assign the M-1 boxes with the largest capacities (each >= C) as singletons, and the rest as the bottleneck group. For a given selection, the condition that the bottleneck group sum >= C is equivalent to: total sum of selected boxes - sum of the top M-1 capacities >= C. So if we let T be the total sum of capacities of selected boxes, and let L be the sum of the M-1 largest capacities among selected boxes, then we require T - L >= C. Also, the M-1 largest capacities must each be >= C (so the smallest of them, the M-1th largest, is >= C). So if we denote L = sum of the top M-1 capacities, and the M-1th largest capacity = c_min, then we need c_min >= C and T - L >= C. The profit is M-1 + C - total_cost. So we want to maximize over selections and C.

Since we are optimizing over C, we can treat C as a parameter and try to find the best selection such that both conditions hold for that C. But perhaps we can directly consider the selection and then C can be taken as min( c_min, T-L ). That's the actual min capacity. Then profit = M-1 + min( c_min, T-L ) - total_cost. So we need to maximize that over selections.

Now, note that c_min is the capacity of the M-1th largest selected box, and T-L is the sum of the rest. This is reminiscent of selecting boxes and then the profit is determined by the "bottleneck" value.

Given the complexity, maybe there is an alternative simpler approach from the game theory: The optimal net profit equals the maximum K such that there exists a multiset of boxes with total capacity at least K and total cost at most K - (M-1)? Not exactly.

Another angle: Since Mr. Box can always guarantee at least zero by quitting immediately, the answer is at least 0. In sample2 answer is 0. So the answer is non-negative.

Let's try to think of a greedy process: Mr. Box will, each time he receives a ball of a new type, buy the box that minimizes something. This is like an online algorithm, but since both are optimal, the outcome is like a "value of the game" which could be computed via a "minimax" over decisions.

Maybe we can model this as a bipartite matching or flow? Consider that Mr. Box wants to collect as many "successful placements" as possible, each placement corresponds to a ball of some type, and each box can provide up to V_i placements of the same type, but must have that type's first ball placed. The game ends after some number of placements. The adversary chooses the type order. This is similar to a game where Mr. Box chooses a "strategy" which is a set of boxes, and the adversary chooses a type to attack. The value is the maximum over strategies of the minimum over type sequences of placements minus cost.

This can be seen as: Mr. Box selects a set of boxes and an assignment of capacities to types (C_t). Then the adversary chooses a type to be the "bottleneck", and the total placements is M-1+min C_t. So the profit is M-1+min C_t - sum P_i. So Mr. Box wants to maximize that. So we are back to the earlier formulation.

Thus, we need to compute max over assignments (partition of boxes into M groups) of (M-1 + min_t total_capacity_of_group - total_cost). This is a combinatorial optimization. Perhaps it can be solved by dynamic programming or by considering that the optimal assignment will have at most one type with multiple boxes, and all others with exactly one box. This seems plausible because if two types have multiple boxes, we could merge them? Actually, suppose we have two types with multiple boxes. Then the min might be from one of them. Could we rearrange to reduce cost without lowering min? Possibly. Let's test: Suppose we have two types A and B, each with two boxes. For type A, boxes: (5,5) and (1,1); total capacity 6, cost 6. For type B, boxes: (4,4) and (2,2); total capacity 6, cost 6. Total cost 12, min=6, profit = M-1+6-12 = (2-1)+6-12 = -5. Can we do better by reassigning? If we give one type a single box with capacity 5 (cost5) and the other type a single box with capacity 4 (cost4) and the remaining boxes? That would leave some boxes unused, reducing cost. So indeed, it's better to use only one box per type if possible. But what if there is a box with very high capacity but high cost, and many cheap low-capacity boxes? For example, M=2, boxes: (100,100) and (1,1) repeated 100 times. The best may be: for one type, use the big box (100,100); for the other type, use 100 small boxes (1,1) to get total capacity 100 at cost 100? That's total cost 200, min=100, profit=1+100-200=-99. Or use one small box for one type (capacity1) and 100 small boxes for the other type (capacity100), total cost 101, min=1, profit=1+1-101=-99. Not good. Could we improve by using the big box for both? Not possible. So still negative.

What if the big box is cheap? Example: M=2, boxes: (100,1) and many (1,1). Then we can do: for one type, use (100,1); for the other type, use 100 (1,1) boxes: total cost 1+100=101, min=100, profit=1+100-101=0. Or use (100,1) for both? Only one such box. So profit 0. Could we do better by using only (100,1) and one (1,1)? Then min=1, profit=1+1-2=0. So zero. So the best is 0. In general, the profit might be at most something like sum of largest M values of (V_i - 1) minus something? Not clear.

Let's try a positive example: M=2, boxes: (100,1) and (100,1). Then using both: cost=2, min=100, profit=1+100-2=99. So positive. So the key is having at least M cheap boxes with large capacity. So the problem likely reduces to: sort boxes by (V_i, P_i) and pick the best ones.

Given the difficulty, I'll attempt to search for a known solution. I recall a problem "Ball and Box" from AtCoder ABC 240 Ex? Actually, there is an AtCoder problem "Balls and Boxes" (ABC 229 Ex?). But not sure.

Let's think about the constraints: sum N ≤ 3e5, T up to 3e5, but sum N limited. So we can afford O(N log N) per test case.

Idea: Since M can be large (up to 3e5) but N also up to 3e5, M may be larger than N. If M > N, then there are more types than boxes. To cover all M types, we need at least M boxes (at least one per type). Since we only have N boxes, if M > N, it's impossible to cover all types. Then Mr. Box cannot guarantee positive profit because he cannot cover all types; he will have to quit when an uncovered type appears. Profit will be 0. So for M > N, answer is 0. But note: M can be up to 3e5, N up to 3e5, but M ≤ N possible. So we only consider M ≤ N.

Now, assume M ≤ N. Then we have enough boxes to potentially cover all types.

Now, consider the selection of boxes. Since we can only use each box once, we need at least M boxes. In optimal assignment, as argued, only the bottleneck type may have multiple boxes; others have exactly one. So the total number of boxes used is at least M. Let k be the number of boxes used for the bottleneck type (k ≥ 1). Then total boxes used = M-1 + k. So we need to select M-1+k boxes. The profit = M-1 + C - sum P_i, where C is the total capacity of the bottleneck type (since min is that capacity, and other types have capacity at least C). For the other types, each has a box with capacity ≥ C. So we need to find boxes for the other M-1 types with capacity ≥ C, and a set of k boxes for bottleneck with total capacity ≥ C, minimizing total cost.

For a fixed C, the best we can do is: pick the M-1 cheapest boxes with capacity ≥ C (as singletons). Then, from the remaining boxes (including those with capacity < C and any boxes with capacity ≥ C not used as singletons), we need to pick a subset with total capacity ≥ C at minimum cost. This is a "knapsack" but we can treat it as: we need to achieve sum ≥ C with min cost. This is equivalent to: among all subsets, we want the minimum cost for which the sum is at least C. This is like a "budgeted covering" problem that can be solved by sorting boxes by cost per capacity and using a greedy? Not exact.

But note that we can also consider using some of the boxes that were candidates for singletons but cheaper than the chosen M-1, maybe they are better used in the bottleneck group. So we need to find the best overall assignment. This is similar to: we need to select M-1 boxes to be singletons, and the rest to be combined, to maximize (M-1) + min( min_cap_of_singletons, sum_of_rest ) - total_cost. Since the min of the two will be either the smallest singleton capacity or the sum of rest. If we have many boxes, the sum of rest might be large, so the min is determined by the smallest singleton capacity. So to maximize, we want the smallest singleton capacity to be as large as possible, while keeping the total cost low. That suggests we should choose the M-1 boxes with the largest capacities (subject to cost) as singletons, and then see if the sum of the remaining boxes (the ones not chosen as singletons) is at least that smallest singleton capacity. If not, the min becomes that sum, which is lower. So we might need to adjust.

Given the complexity, perhaps the intended solution uses a greedy: Sort all boxes by capacity ascending, and then consider picking a set of boxes, and the answer is something like the maximum over i of (V_i * something - sum of costs). This is reminiscent of using a priority queue to maintain the M-1 cheap boxes and compute something.

Let's try to design an algorithm that for each possible C, we compute cost_singletons(C) = sum of the cheapest M-1 boxes with V_i >= C. Then we need to compute the minimum cost to achieve total capacity >= C from the rest. This is like a "minimum cost to reach sum C" which can be done by dynamic programming if capacities are small, but they can be up to 1e9. However, we can note that for the bottleneck group, we only need to achieve sum C, and we have many boxes. The optimal way to achieve sum C with minimal cost is to choose boxes with the highest "capacity per cost" ratio? Not necessarily because costs are arbitrary. But we can think of it as: we want to pick boxes with the smallest cost for the capacity they provide. This is a classic "knapsack cover" problem that can be solved by sorting boxes by cost per capacity and taking the cheapest ones? Not exactly, because capacities are not divisible.

Observation: For the bottleneck group, we can use any number of boxes. Since we want to minimize cost for achieving a target sum C, we should use boxes that are "efficient", i.e., have low cost per unit capacity. But due to indivisibility, we may need to consider. However, note that we have already reserved M-1 boxes as singletons. The remaining boxes include all boxes except those M-1. So we have a set of boxes from which we can choose any subset. The minimum cost to achieve total capacity >= C from a given set is not easy to compute in general.

But perhaps we can observe that in optimal solution, the bottleneck group will consist of boxes that are all "cheap" in the sense that they have P_i = 1? Because if a box has high cost, it might be better to use it as a singleton for a non-bottleneck type. Since singletons effectively waste capacity (only one ball placed), it's best to assign boxes with high capacity to the bottleneck type to get full usage, and assign boxes with low capacity to singletons, but singletons require capacity >= C, so they need enough capacity. So there is a trade-off.

Maybe we can use a binary search on C and check if there exists a selection with profit >= some value. But we need the max profit.

Another approach: Since the answer is an integer, we could try to compute the maximum possible profit directly using a data structure like a priority queue. Consider iterating over boxes sorted by capacity. We can maintain a multiset of costs of boxes that could be used as singletons, and also maintain the total cost of the best M-1 cheap boxes. Then for each possible C, we can compute cost_singletons(C) quickly if we process in decreasing order of V. For the bottleneck group, we need the minimum additional cost to achieve capacity C from the rest. This additional cost is essentially the cost of a subset of boxes (the ones not used as singletons) that can provide capacity C. We could precompute for each possible total capacity the minimum cost, but capacities are large.

Maybe we can think of the bottleneck group as being formed by taking the cheapest boxes from the entire set (excluding the M-1 singletons) until the capacity sum reaches C. This greedy by cost (cheapest first) might be optimal for achieving a given capacity with minimum cost when costs are arbitrary? That's not necessarily true: Example: target C=10, boxes: (5,1), (5,2), (10,20). Cheapest cost first: take (5,1) cost1, then need 5 more, take (5,2) cost2, total cost3. Alternative: take (10,20) cost20, worse. So greedy works here. But there could be cases where a more expensive box with high capacity is cheaper overall? Actually, if a box has high capacity but high cost, it's not cheaper. Greedy by cost (cheapest per item) works for minimizing cost to reach a sum when you can take any number of items, because it's like you want to minimize total cost, so you should take items with smallest cost first, regardless of capacity? That would be optimal if you are free to take fractional items? Not exactly: Suppose target C=10, boxes: (9,1), (5,5), (5,5). Cheapest first: take (9,1) cost1, need 1 more, but no box with capacity1, so you would need (5,5) cost5, total6. Or take two (5,5): cost10. But there is no better. However, consider target 10, boxes: (8,2), (7,1), (3,1). Cheapest first: take (7,1) cost1, then need 3, take (3,1) cost1, total2. Alternative: take (8,2) cost2, alone gives sum8, not enough. So greedy works. Could there be a case where taking a more expensive box avoids needing another expensive one? For minimization, taking items with smallest cost per unit capacity (cost/capacity) is often optimal for fractional knapsack, but for 0-1, greedy by cost can fail: e.g., target 6, boxes: (5,1), (4,4), (2,2). Greedy by cheapest cost: take (5,1) cost1, need 1 more, no single box with capacity1, maybe take (2,2) cost2, total3. Alternative: take (4,4) and (2,2): cost6, worse. So still greedy optimal. Another: target 5, boxes: (3,1), (3,2), (2,2). Cheapest: take (3,1) cost1, need2, take (2,2) cost2, total3. Alternative: take (3,1) and (3,2) cost3, sum6, also3. So seems greedy by cost (cheapest first) might work for the problem of minimizing cost to achieve at least a target sum, because costs are positive and we can choose any subset; this is the classic "minimum cost to achieve a sum" which is NP-hard (subset sum) in general, but here capacities are large and we don't have constraints, but it's still NP-hard? Actually, the decision problem "Is there a subset with sum at least C and cost at most K?" is NP-complete (Knapsack). So we cannot solve it exactly for general capacities. But maybe the boxes have special structure? Not really. So this suggests that the original problem might have a simpler structure that avoids this NP-hardness.

Therefore, my conversion to covering might be missing some game-theoretic aspect that makes the problem tractable. Perhaps the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is not to plan ahead all boxes, but to decide adaptively which box to buy when a new type appears. And the optimal strategy for Mr. Ball is to always give the type that has the smallest current total capacity (including still unused boxes). This might lead to a simple greedy process that can be computed offline.

Let's simulate the game from the start under optimal play. Mr. Box wants to maximize net profit. He can decide to buy boxes as needed. Mr. Ball will choose types to minimize profit. This is a finite deterministic game. We can think of it as: Mr. Box's strategy is a function from state (current boxes and their contents) to a decision to buy a specific box or not, and which box to place the ball. Since both play optimally, we can compute the value using dynamic programming? But state space huge.

Maybe we can consider that the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to always buy the box with the smallest P_i among those with V_i >= something? Or something like that.

Let's try to analyze small cases to infer pattern. Suppose M=1. Then there is only one type. Mr. Ball gives a ball of that type. Mr. Box can accept and place in a box (buy if needed). After placement, he gets 1 yen. Then he can continue. Since only one type, the adversary cannot switch. So Mr. Box can buy a box with capacity V, cost P, then place V balls in it, getting V yen, net V-P. He can also buy multiple boxes. So he will buy boxes to maximize total profit. Since he can always fill all boxes, the optimal is to buy all boxes with positive profit (V_i - P_i > 0) and maybe also those with V_i - P_i =0? But if V_i - P_i >=0, they yield non-negative profit. So the optimal profit for M=1 is max(0, sum over i of max(0, V_i - P_i)). But is that correct? He can buy boxes in any order. The game: Mr. Ball gives only one type, so Mr. Box can keep accepting until all boxes are full. So net = sum_{bought} (V_i - P_i). So he should buy all boxes with V_i >= P_i. So answer = max(0, sum of (V_i - P_i) for V_i>=P_i). Let's test with M=1, N=1, V=3,P=1 => profit=2. This is plausible.

Now, for M=2, the formula we derived earlier (M-1 + min C_t - total_cost) gives profit = 1 + min(C1,C2) - (P1+P2). For M=2, if we buy two boxes with V1=3,P1=1 and V2=3,P2=1, profit=1+3-2=2. That matches sample. For M=2 with boxes V=100,P=2 each, profit=1+100-4=97. So that seems consistent with the earlier reasoning.

Now, could there be a case where buying more than M boxes is beneficial? Suppose M=2, we have three cheap boxes: (10,1), (10,1), (1,1). The best assignment might be: use one box for one type (capacity10), and two boxes for the other type (capacity10+1=11). Then min=10, total cost=1+1+1=3, profit=1+10-3=8. If we used only two boxes (10,1) and (10,1): profit=1+10-2=9, which is better. So more boxes not always good. But what if the third box is very cheap with huge capacity? Actually, adding an extra box increases cost and increases total capacity for one type, but the min remains the same (if the other type's capacity is smaller) unless the other type also gets increased. So it's better to balance.

Thus, the optimal likely uses exactly M boxes, one per type, because adding extra boxes to a type that is not the bottleneck wastes cost without raising the min (since the min is determined by the smallest total capacity among types). Unless the extra box is for the bottleneck type and helps increase the min, but that would require also increasing the other types to keep balance. So the optimal might involve buying M boxes, maybe not the same number per type, but the bottleneck type might have more than one box, and others have one each. In that case, the total boxes is M-1 + k, where k>=1. That could be more than M. But is it ever beneficial to have k>1? Suppose M=2, boxes: (10,1), (6,1), (6,1). Using two boxes: (10,1) for type A, (6,1) for type B, profit=1+6-2=5. Using three boxes: assign (10,1) and (6,1) to type A (total16), and (6,1) to type B, min=6, cost=3, profit=1+6-3=4, worse. If we assign (6,1) and (6,1) to A (total12), and (10,1) to B, min=10, cost=3, profit=1+10-3=8, better than 5! So using three boxes gives profit 8, which is higher. Indeed, by putting both small boxes to one type and the big box to the other, we raise the min to 10 (since the big box is 10, the other type has 12, min=10). That's better than using two boxes where min was 6. So using more than M boxes can be beneficial. So our earlier idea that exactly M boxes are used is not always optimal. The bottleneck type may have multiple boxes to match the other type's capacity. So we need to consider general assignments.

Thus, the problem is: partition a subset of boxes into M groups (each group can have multiple boxes) to maximize (M-1 + min group_sum - total_cost). This is a partition problem. Given constraints, there must be a simpler characterization.

Observing that the profit depends on min group sum, the optimal solution likely involves making the group sums as balanced as possible, while minimizing cost. This is similar to: we want to achieve a certain threshold X for all groups, with minimum total cost. And then profit = M-1 + X - cost. So we want to compute the maximum over X of X - minCost(X). So we need to compute minCost(X): minimum total cost of boxes to buy such that we can partition them into M groups each with total capacity >= X.

Now, the problem of partitioning into M groups each with sum at least X is equivalent to: we need to select a set of boxes and assign them to groups such that each group sum >= X. This is like a "bottleneck" covering. There might be a greedy algorithm: sort boxes by capacity descending, and then use a priority queue to allocate them to groups, ensuring each group reaches X. This is reminiscent of the "minimum cost to achieve M groups of sum at least X" can be solved by a variant of the "minimum number of items" but with cost.

However, note that we are free to not use some boxes. So we want the minimum cost to achieve coverage. This is similar to: we have to cover M "bins" each requiring X capacity. Each box can contribute its capacity to one bin. This is exactly a "covering" problem where we have items with capacity and cost, and we need to cover M demands of size X. This is the "minimum cost to cover M demands" problem, which can be solved by sorting boxes by some metric and using a greedy? Actually, for a single demand, it's the knapsack cover problem (NP-hard). For multiple identical demands, it's even harder. So either the problem has a special property (capacities and costs are such that greedy works) or the interpretation is different.

Maybe I've misinterpreted the game. Let's go back to the original game and reexamine the process. The assumption that Mr. Box must cover all types to get profit might be wrong. Could he possibly get profit without covering all types? Suppose he covers only a subset S of types, and Mr. Ball gives a type not in S. Mr. Box can then either buy a box for that type (expanding S) or quit. If he quits, profit = (number of placements) - cost. But if he has already made placements, could the profit be positive? For example, M=2, boxes: (3,1), (3,1). If Mr. Box only buys one box for type A, and Mr. Ball gives type B, Mr. Box can quit. Profit = placements from type A (say 3) - cost (1) = 2. That's positive! So he can get profit 2 without covering type B. But wait, in that scenario, Mr. Ball gave type A three times? But why would Mr. Ball give type A three times? He wants to minimize profit. If Mr. Box only has a box for type A, Mr. Ball can give type B immediately after the first ball of type A, then Mr. Box quits with profit = 1 - 1 = 0. So Mr. Ball can force profit 0 by giving the other type early. So the profit of 2 is not guaranteed; Mr. Ball's optimal strategy is to give the uncovered type as soon as possible. So the guaranteed profit from covering only one type is 0. So indeed, to guarantee profit, you need to cover all types.

But is covering all types sufficient? Yes, because once all types are covered, Mr. Ball cannot force an immediate end by giving an uncovered type. So the game then proceeds as described. So the profit formula holds for covering all types. So the problem reduces to covering all types.

Now, we need to compute the maximum over X of X - minCost(X), where minCost(X) is the minimum total cost of a set of boxes that can be partitioned into M groups each with sum >= X. This is a "minimum cost to achieve M groups of sum X". This is a classic problem that can be solved by a greedy: sort boxes by cost per capacity, and then use a "priority queue" to assign boxes to groups. But given NP-hardness, maybe there is a simpler condition: Because we only care about the min group sum, and we can assign boxes arbitrarily, the best we can do is to make all group sums as equal as possible. There is a known result: To achieve a target min sum X with minimum cost, it's optimal to use the boxes with the largest capacities? Not necessarily.

Wait, consider the following: We have to achieve M groups of sum at least X. This is equivalent to: we need to select a set of boxes such that the sum of the M largest capacities among them is at least M*X? Not exactly. Actually, a necessary condition is that there are at least M boxes, but they don't have to be the largest. For example, to get two groups each sum >=5, we could have boxes {6,4} (sum 10, but 4<5, can we partition? 6>=5, but 4<5, so we need to combine? Actually, we cannot because each group must be at least 5, so 4 alone is insufficient. But we could combine 4 with something else? There is no other box. So need both boxes >=5 or one box >=10? If a box has capacity 10, it can serve as a group itself, and we need another group of sum>=5, but no other box. So impossible. So we need at least M boxes that can individually serve as groups? Not necessarily, because multiple boxes can be combined into one group. For two groups, we could have boxes {3,3,4}. Sums: group1:3+3=6, group2:4, so min=4<5, fails. So we need total sum >= 2X and also the largest box >= X? Not sufficient: {4,4,4} sum=12>=10, largest=4<5, cannot make two groups of sum5 each because each group would need at least two boxes, but we have three boxes, can make groups: 4+4=8, 4=4, min=4 fails. So condition is more complex. This is similar to the "bin packing" with lower bound. It is NP-complete in general. So unless constraints allow small X or special structure, the problem is intractable. But given that it's a competitive programming problem, there must be a smarter insight.

Maybe I've missed something: The game has infinite types? Actually, M is given as the number of different types. Mr. Ball has 10^100 balls of each type. So M is finite. In the sample, M=2. So it's not infinite. So the analysis stands.

Another possibility: The game might have a different optimal strategy for Mr. Box that doesn't involve covering all types. He could also decide to buy boxes only for a subset of types, and then when Mr. Ball gives a type not covered, Mr. Box can accept? But if he accepts, he must have a box for that type. So he must buy a box on the spot. So his only option is to buy a box or quit. So covering all types is necessary to continue indefinitely.

But maybe Mr. Box can also choose to not accept a ball even if he has a box? He can end the game at any time. So he can quit voluntarily. So he might choose to stop before covering all types if covering all would lead to a loss. So the optimal profit is the maximum over all strategies, including those that quit at some point. The profit from covering a set S of types and then quitting when an uncovered type appears is: profit = (|S| + (min_t in S? No, after covering S (with at least one box per type in S), the game could continue: Mr. Ball gives a type in S, and Mr. Box gets +1 per placement, until he gives an uncovered type, at which point Mr. Box quits. But Mr. Ball will give the uncovered type as soon as possible, so the game ends after exactly one ball per type in S (since after those, the next ball will be uncovered). Actually, if S is covered, and there are uncovered types, Mr. Ball can give an uncovered type immediately after the first ball of each covered type? For example, S={A}, Mr. Ball gives A first (Mr. Box places, gets 1), then Mr. Ball gives B (uncovered). Mr. Box quits. Profit = 1 - cost_of_box(A). If that cost is 1, profit 0. So profit = (|S| - sum P_i) where each P_i is cost of box for that type (since each type gets exactly one ball). So profit <=0 generally. So covering a subset yields non-positive profit. Therefore, to get positive profit, he must cover all types so that Mr. Ball cannot force termination. So covering all is necessary.

Thus, we are back to covering all M types.

Given the NP-hardness of the subset sum aspect, I suspect that the problem is actually simpler: In the game, Mr. Box does not decide all boxes upfront; he decides adaptively. And the optimal adaptive strategy might be to always buy the box that maximizes some metric, leading to a greedy outcome. Maybe the value of the game can be computed by sorting boxes by cost and using a priority queue to simulate the process. Let's attempt to simulate the game with optimal play assuming both players act optimally. This might lead to a specific algorithm.

Consider the process: At the start, no boxes. Mr. Ball chooses a type. Mr. Box will buy a box (the most cost-effective one) and place the ball. Then Mr. Ball chooses the next type. He will always choose a type that currently has no box (if any), because that forces Mr. Box to either buy a new box or quit. If Mr. Box buys a new box, he incurs cost. So Mr. Ball will give types that are new until all types have been used once. After that, all types have at least one box. Then Mr. Ball will choose a type to give. Which type will he choose? He wants to minimize total placements. He will choose the type with the smallest remaining total capacity (since that will run out soonest, leading to game end). So he will repeatedly give the type with smallest remaining capacity. Mr. Box, when receiving a ball of a type that still has remaining capacity, will place it in a box of that type, decreasing the remaining capacity by 1. This continues until a type's remaining capacity reaches 0. At that point, the next ball of that type cannot be placed, so Mr. Ball gives that type, and Mr. Box must quit (or accept and cause violation, but he'll quit). So the game ends. So the total number of placements is: M (initial balls) + (min_t remaining_capacity after initial balls) because that's the number of additional balls of the bottleneck type that can be placed before it runs out. And the remaining capacity after initial balls for type t is (total capacity of boxes assigned to type t) - 1 (since one ball was placed initially). So the min remaining capacity among types is min_t (C_t - 1). So total placements = M + min_t (C_t - 1) = M-1 + min C_t. So that matches.

Now, the key is that Mr. Box can decide which boxes to buy for each type, and this decision is made adaptively as new types appear. When a new type appears, he must buy a box for it if he wants to continue. He can choose any box from the available ones. His goal is to maximize the eventual min C_t - total cost. So he wants to allocate the boxes to types in a way that maximizes the minimum total capacity per type, while keeping total cost low. Since he can decide on the fly, he can try to balance the capacities. This is reminiscent of a greedy where he always buys the box that gives the best "value" for the current bottleneck. Perhaps the optimal strategy is: When a new type appears, buy the box with the smallest P_i? Or the one with the largest V_i? Let's test with the example where we had boxes (10,1), (6,1), (6,1), M=2. Suppose types X and Y. Mr. Ball can start with type X. Mr. Box must buy a box. Which should he buy? If he buys the (10,1) for X, then later type Y appears, he buys a (6,1) for Y. Then capacities: X=10, Y=6 => min=6, total cost=2, profit=1+6-2=5. If he instead buys a (6,1) for X, then for Y he can buy either (10,1) or the other (6,1). If he buys (10,1) for Y, capacities: X=6, Y=10 => min=6, same profit. If he buys (6,1) for Y, capacities: X=6, Y=6 => min=6, cost=2, profit=5. So profit 5. But we earlier found a better assignment using three boxes: buy (6,1) and (6,1) for one type, and (10,1) for the other, giving min=10, cost=3, profit=1+10-3=8. Can Mr. Box achieve that with adaptive buying? Let's simulate: First ball type A. Mr. Box could buy a (6,1) for A. Then second ball type B. Mr. Box could buy (10,1) for B. Now capacities: A=6, B=10, min=6. Then later, Mr. Ball will give balls; he will give A repeatedly, and after 5 more balls (A becomes 0), game ends, total placements = 2+5=7, profit=7-2=5. That's not 8. To get min=10, we need both types to have capacity >=10. After first two boxes, A=6, B=10. To increase A to 10, Mr. Box would need to buy another box for A when a ball of A is given. But when a ball of A is given after the initial, Mr. Box can place it in the existing box (if capacity left) without buying new box. He could choose to buy a new box for A instead? He can, at any time, buy a new box and put the ball in it. So when Mr. Ball gives a ball of A, Mr. Box can choose to buy another box (e.g., the remaining (6,1)) and put the ball in that new box. That would increase total capacity for A to 12 (6+6). But that would also cost 1 more. Then capacities: A=12, B=10, min=10, total cost=3. Then the subsequent gameplay: After initial two balls, remaining capacities: A=11 (since one ball placed already?), actually careful: After first ball A, box1 (6,1) has 1 ball. After second ball B, box2 (10,1) has 1 ball. Then third ball: Mr. Ball gives A. Mr. Box has the option to place it in box1 (remaining capacity 5) or buy a new box (6,1) and place it there. If he buys new box, he places the ball in it, so now A has two boxes: box1 with 1 ball, box2 still with 1 ball, and new box with 1 ball. So A total capacity used =1+1=2? Actually, total balls placed in A: 2 (first and third). So remaining capacity for A: (6-1)+(6-1)=10. For B: (10-1)=9. So min remaining =9? Wait, we need to track correctly. The game ends when a type's remaining capacity becomes 0 after a placement. After third ball, A's remaining capacity = (6+6) - 2 =10, B's remaining =10-1=9. So min remaining =9. Then fourth ball: Mr. Ball gives A (since that has the smallest remaining? Actually min is B with 9, but he wants to minimize total placements, so he will give the type with smallest remaining capacity, which is B (9). He gives B. Mr. Box places in B, now B remaining=8. Continue. Eventually, the type with smallest remaining will be forced to zero. Which type will run out first? Initially, after initial two, B had 9, A had 11? Wait, after third ball (A placed in new box), A remaining = (6+6)-2=10, B remaining=10-1=9. So min=9 (B). Then if Mr. Ball gives B repeatedly, B will reach 0 after 9 more balls, total placements = initial 2 + third ball + 9 more = 12? Actually, let's simulate fully to see total placements: 
- step1: A, place in box1 -> A:1, cost1
- step2: B, place in box2 -> B:1, cost2
- step3: A, buy box3 (6,1) and place -> A:2 (in two boxes), cost3. capacities: A total=12, used2, left=10; B total=10, used1, left=9.
- step4: Mr. Ball gives B (smallest left). Place in box2 -> B:2, left=8.
- step5: gives B -> B:3, left=7.
- ... continues giving B until step4+9 steps? After 9 more B placements (step4 to step12), B becomes 1+9=10 used? Actually, B started with 1, after 9 more B, total B placements=10, capacity=10, left=0. So at step12, B left=0. Then step13: Mr. Ball gives B. Mr. Box cannot place (capacity 0), so quits. Total placements = 2 + 1 (step3) + 9 =12. Profit = 12 - 3 =9. That is even higher! So using three boxes yields profit 9, which is higher than 8 earlier. But is that possible? Let's compute min C_t after all boxes are bought: A total capacity =12, B=10, min=10. Our formula would give total placements = M-1 + min C_t = 1+10=11, and profit = 11-3=8. But we got 12 placements. Why the discrepancy? Because the min C_t is 10, but the bottleneck type is A? Actually, min is 10 (B), so placements should be 1+10=11. But we simulated and got 12. Let's recount carefully: After step3, capacities: A=12, B=10. Initial placements: step1 and step2. Then we have additional placements: step3, and then 9 more B placements (step4 to step12). That's total placements = 1 (step1) +1 (step2) +1 (step3) +9 =12. The min C_t is 10, so according to formula, total placements = M-1+min C_t =1+10=11. Why the extra? Because after step3, the remaining capacities are: A has 10 left, B has 9 left (since B used 1). The min remaining is 9 (B). So the bottleneck type in terms of remaining capacity is B, not the one with smallest total capacity? Actually, total capacities: A=12, B=10. But after initial two balls, B's remaining is 9, A's remaining is 11 (if we hadn't bought the third box for A). At step3, we placed a ball in the new box for A, so A's used becomes 2, remaining 10; B's used remains 1, remaining 9. So the smallest remaining is B (9). So the game will end when B's remaining becomes 0. That will happen after 9 more B placements. So total placements = initial 2 + step3 + 9 = 12. But note that after B's remaining becomes 0, A still has 10 remaining. So the total placements from the game is 2 + 1 + 9 = 12, which is more than M-1+min total capacity = 1+10=11. Why? Because we used three boxes, and the min total capacity among types is 10 (B), but we placed 12 balls? How can we place 12 balls when total capacity is 12+10=22? Wait, total capacity is 22, but we only placed 12 balls because we stopped when B ran out. The formula M-1+min C_t = 1+10=11 would be the placements if the game ended after B's remaining reaches 0, but we placed an extra ball in A after the initial two? Actually, the formula assumed that after the initial M balls, we only place balls of the bottleneck type until it runs out. Here, we also placed one extra ball of A (step3) after the initial. That is an extra placement that is not of the bottleneck type. So the formula's assumption that the adversary will only give the bottleneck type after the initial might not hold if Mr. Box can force him to give other types? But Mr. Ball chooses the types. In our simulation, after step2, Mr. Ball chose to give A at step3. Why would he do that? He wants to minimize placements, so he should give the type with smallest remaining to end quickly. At step3, the smallest remaining is B (9) vs A (11) if we hadn't bought third box? Actually, at step2, after initial two balls, remaining: A=11 (since we bought a 6 box, but we only used 1, so remaining 5? Wait, we need to track correctly. Let's re-simulate with the three-box scenario but with optimal adversary:

Assume Mr. Box's strategy: at step1 (type A), he buys box1 (6,1). At step2 (type B), he buys box2 (10,1). Now state: A: box1 with 1 ball, remaining 5; B: box2 with 1 ball, remaining 9. Then Mr. Ball wants to minimize placements, so he will give the type with smallest remaining capacity: that is A with 5 remaining. So he gives A. Now Mr. Box can either place in box1 (remaining 5) or buy a new box. If he places in box1, then A remaining becomes 4, B remaining 9. Then the next step, Mr. Ball gives A again (since it's still smallest), and so on, until A runs out after 5 more placements (total placements = 2 + 5 =7). Profit = 7 - 2 =5. So that's the worst-case for Mr. Box if he doesn't buy the third box. If instead, at step3, Mr. Box decides to buy a new box (the other 6,1) and places the A ball in it, then state becomes: A: box1 (1 ball, remaining5) and new box (1 ball, remaining5), total A remaining =10; B: remaining 9. Now the smallest remaining is B (9). So Mr. Ball will give B next (since it's smallest). Then Mr. Box places in box2, B remaining becomes 8. Continue, B will be given repeatedly until it runs out, total placements = initial 2 + step3 + 9 =12. But is that beneficial for Mr. Box? He added a cost of 1, so profit = 12 - 3 =9. However, could Mr. Ball do better? After step3, the smallest remaining is B (9). He gives B, then B remaining 8, then next step, smallest remaining is still B (8 vs A's 10), so he continues with B. So indeed, Mr. Ball will give B repeatedly, leading to 9 more B placements. So total 12 placements. So Mr. Box's decision to buy the third box at step3 allows him to increase the profit from 5 to 9. So this is a better strategy for Mr. Box. So the optimal adaptive strategy can involve buying extra boxes for a type after the initial covering, to increase the min remaining capacity (by making the other type's remaining smaller temporarily). But wait, the adversary could have chosen a different sequence initially? The adversary's optimal is to always give the type with smallest remaining capacity. In this scenario, after step2, the smallest was A (5). But Mr. Box, by buying a new box for A, changed the smallest to B. So the adversary then switches to B. So the outcome is that the game ends when the smallest remaining reaches 0, and that smallest was B with initial capacity 10. So total placements = (initial M) + (extra placements of A? Actually, we placed one extra A) + (9 B's) = 12. So the effective min total capacity that matters is not the total capacity per type, but rather the total capacity of the type that ends up being the bottleneck after adaptive purchases. This suggests that our earlier model of static C_t is insufficient; because Mr. Box can dynamically increase the capacity of a type during the game, and the adversary will respond. So the game is more complex.

Thus, we need to model the adaptive game. The key is that Mr. Box can buy boxes at any time, not only when a new type appears. So he can boost a type's capacity after seeing the adversary's choices. This makes the analysis more like a "water-filling" where Mr. Box can invest in the type that the adversary is attacking.

Let's think in terms of "remaining capacity" per type. Initially, all types have 0 capacity (no boxes). When a type is first encountered, Mr. Box must buy a box to place the ball, otherwise quit. So he will buy some box for that type. That gives the type a remaining capacity of V_i - 1 (since one ball placed). As the game continues, Mr. Ball will always give the type with the smallest remaining capacity (since that leads to fastest exhaustion). Mr. Box, when receiving a ball of that type, can either place it in an existing box (decreasing remaining by 1) or buy a new box for that type (pay cost, increase remaining capacity by V_new - 1, then place the ball, net change: remaining increases by V_new - 1, but also he spends cost). He wants to maximize his net profit: total placements minus total cost. So he will decide whether to invest in increasing the remaining capacity of the type under attack.

This is reminiscent of a game where Mr. Ball attacks the weakest type, and Mr. Box can reinforce it by buying extra boxes. The game ends when a type's remaining capacity becomes 0 and Mr. Ball gives that type (or Mr. Box can also quit at any time). Mr. Box wants to keep the weakest type's capacity as high as possible, but buying boxes costs.

This is similar to a classic problem: "Defense of a kingdom" or "Bottleneck game". Could be solved by considering that Mr. Box will only buy boxes that are "efficient" in terms of capacity per cost, and will invest in the type that is currently the bottleneck. At each step, he compares the cost of buying a new box to the potential future profits.

We can think of the game as: Mr. Box has initial budget? No, he has infinite money to buy boxes, but he wants to maximize net. Equivalent to: He can choose to buy a box at any time. The profit from a box is the number of additional placements it provides before the game ends. If he buys a box of capacity V at cost P, it will be used for the type to which it's assigned. The type it's assigned is the one that is currently the bottleneck (the one with smallest remaining capacity). When he buys it, he places the current ball in it (so that ball counts as a placement), and then it adds V-1 remaining capacity to that type. So the net effect is: cost P, immediate gain 1 (from the ball), and future potential gains of up to V-1 if those balls are placed in this box. However, the future gains depend on future attacks. Since Mr. Ball will always attack the weakest type, the new box will be used (i.e., its capacity drawn down) only if the type remains the weakest. In general, the total number of balls placed from a box is equal to its capacity if it is on the bottleneck type and the game continues until that type is exhausted. But if it's on a non-bottleneck type, it may only be partially used.

Given the complexity, maybe there is a known result: The optimal net profit equals the maximum over k of (sum of the k cheapest boxes with V_i >= something) minus something. Could be solved by sorting boxes by V_i and using a priority queue.

Time is limited, I'll try to search my memory. I think this problem is from AtCoder "ABC 237 Ex" or "ABC 250 Ex"? I recall a problem "Ball and Box" where the answer is computed by sorting boxes by (V_i, P_i) and using a DP on the number of types? Not sure.

Alternatively, we can think of the game as: Mr. Box wants to maximize the number of balls placed, subject to that for each type, the number of balls placed of that type cannot exceed the total capacity of boxes assigned to that type, and Mr. Ball chooses the order to minimize total placements. This is a classic "online" problem where the adversary chooses the type, and the algorithm can allocate extra capacity. The optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to keep the capacities balanced, like ensuring that the remaining capacities are as equal as possible. This is similar to "potential function" and the final total placements is something like the sum of capacities of boxes minus the sum of the M-1 largest capacities? Let's test with the three-box simulation: boxes: (6,1), (6,1), (10,1). Total capacity sum=22. The M-1=1 largest capacity? The largest single capacity is 10. Sum of rest =12. Then total placements might be? Our simulation gave 12 placements. That equals sum of rest? Not exactly, sum of rest=12 matches placements? Actually, total placements were 12, sum of rest (12) matches. For the earlier two-box case (10,1) and (6,1): total sum=16, largest M-1=10, sum of rest=6, placements=7? Our earlier simulation with adversary gave placements=7 (2+5). That's sum of rest+1? 6+1=7. For the sample with two (3,1) boxes: sum=6, largest=3, sum of rest=3, placements=4=3+1. So pattern: total placements = (sum of capacities of all boxes) - (sum of the M-1 largest capacities) + (M-1)? Actually, compute: sum - (M-1 largest) + (M-1) = sum - (largest) +1 for M=2. For two (3,1): sum=6, largest=3, sum-largest+1=4, matches. For two (10,1) and (6,1): sum=16, largest=10, 16-10+1=7, matches. For three boxes (6,6,10): sum=22, M-1=1, largest=10, 22-10+1=13? But we got 12 placements. So not matching. Let's compute: 22-10+1=13, but actual placements 12. So off by 1. Maybe it's sum - (sum of M largest?) For M=2, we used M-1=1, but for M=2, sum - largest? Wait, maybe the formula is total placements = total capacity of all boxes - sum of the M smallest capacities? Let's test: For three boxes, capacities: 6,6,10. M=2, the M smallest are 6 and 6, sum=12, total capacity 22, difference=10, plus something? 22-12=10, but placements=12. Not.

Another pattern: After the game, the final state of boxes: for the bottleneck type, its capacity is fully used; for other types, only one ball is used. So total used capacity = (sum of capacities of all boxes) - (sum over non-bottleneck types of (total capacity - 1)). That is total sum - (sum of capacities of all non-bottleneck types) + (M-1). Since the bottleneck type's capacity is fully used, its total capacity is included in total sum. For non-bottleneck types, only 1 ball used, so unused capacity = total capacity of those types -1. So used capacity = total sum - (sum_{non-bottleneck}(C_t -1)). This equals total sum - (sum_{non-bottleneck} C_t) + (M-1). Since sum_{non-bottleneck} C_t = total sum - C_bottleneck, we get used = C_bottleneck + (M-1). So total placements = M-1 + C_bottleneck, which is our earlier formula. So the key is the bottleneck's total capacity. In the three-box example, the bottleneck type ended up being the one with total capacity 10 (the type that had only the large box). So C_bottleneck=10, placements=1+10=11, but we got 12. So there is inconsistency: In our simulation, the bottleneck type was B (capacity10) and we placed 1 ball in B initially, and then 9 more = total 10 balls in B, plus 2 balls in A (initial and step3) = total 12. So used placement in B is 10, in A is 2, so total used =12. But C_bottleneck=10, so according to formula, used = M-1 + C_bottleneck = 1+10=11. Why is there an extra ball in A? Because A had total capacity 12, but we placed only 2 balls in A, not 1. So non-bottleneck type A had 2 balls, not 1. This violates the assumption that non-bottleneck types get only 1 ball. In our simulation, the adversary gave A twice (initial and step3), because Mr. Box bought an extra box for A at step3, which increased A's capacity, but also caused an extra ball of A to be placed. So non-bottleneck types can get more than 1 ball if Mr. Box buys additional boxes for them. However, the adversary would not give A after step3 if it's not the bottleneck. But he gave A at step3 because at that time A was the bottleneck (smallest remaining). After step3, A's remaining became larger, so the bottleneck shifted to B. So the extra ball of A was placed when A was the bottleneck. So effectively, the bottleneck changed during the game. So the final bottleneck is the type that ends up with the smallest total capacity after all purchases, but during the game, the adversary attacks the current smallest remaining. By strategically buying boxes, Mr. Box can cause the bottleneck to shift, possibly increasing total placements.

So the game is not simply about final total capacities; it's about dynamic balancing. This suggests we need to consider the process as: Mr. Box decides when to buy boxes, and the adversary always attacks the weakest current type. This is a continuous process that can be analyzed with a priority queue.

Let’s formalize: Initially, all M types have remaining capacity 0 (no box). When a type is first attacked (i.e., Mr. Ball gives a ball of that type), Mr. Box must buy a box (or quit). Let’s denote that he buys a box with capacity V and cost P. Then he places the ball, so that type now has remaining capacity V-1. From then on, Mr. Ball will always give the type with the smallest remaining capacity (call it r). When he gives that type, Mr. Box can either:
- Place the ball in an existing box of that type: then r decreases by 1, and he gains 1 yen.
- Or buy a new box (any box) for that type: then he pays P, places the ball, and r increases by V-1 (since new box adds V capacity, but one ball placed, so net increase V-1). So r becomes r + V - 1. And he gains 1 yen from the placement.
He can also choose to quit, ending the game.

Mr. Box wants to maximize total money = (number of placements) - (sum of P for boxes bought). Mr. Ball chooses which type to give each step, but his optimal is to always give the type with smallest r (since that minimizes future placements). So we can assume that the adversary follows that policy.

Thus, the game reduces to a one-player optimal control problem: Mr. Box has M "bins" (types) initially with r=0. He will receive a sequence of attacks, always on the bin with smallest r. When attacked, he can either accept (which decreases r by 1, unless he buys a box which increases r by V-1). He can also buy a box for a bin that is not currently attacked? Possibly, but the adversary only attacks the smallest r, so if he buys a box for a non-attacked bin, that bin's r increases, but that might not be immediately useful. However, he could buy a box for a bin that is not the smallest, but since the adversary always attacks the smallest, that bin might not be attacked soon. So it's better to buy boxes for the bin currently under attack, because that directly affects the immediate threat. So we can assume he only buys boxes when his bin is attacked.

So the process: At each step, let r_min be the minimum remaining capacity among types. Mr. Ball gives that type. Mr. Box chooses a box to buy (or not) and then places the ball. If he buys a box of capacity V at cost P, then r_min becomes r_min + V - 1. If he doesn't buy, r_min decreases by 1. He gets 1 yen each time. The game ends when r_min becomes 0 and he chooses not to buy a box (or if he buys, it increases r). He can also quit earlier. Since he wants to maximize net profit, he will never quit unless continuing would lead to negative expected profit.

Now, the problem reduces to: Given a multiset of boxes (V_i, P_i), at each step we can either "spend" P_i to increase the current minimum by V_i - 1, or let it decrease by 1. We start with M types all at 0, but initially we need to buy a box for each type when first attacked. So the first M attacks each require buying a box (since r=0, accepting would cause fail). So we must buy M boxes, one per type, to start. These can be chosen adaptively. After that, we have some initial remaining capacities r1,...,rM, which sum to (sum of V_i of those boxes) - M. Then the process continues, always attacking the smallest r.

We want to maximize total placements minus total cost. Total placements = number of steps before we quit (which includes the initial M steps). Total cost = sum of P_i of all boxes bought.

This is reminiscent of an "incremental" problem: we have a multiset of boxes, we can use them to increase the minimum. This is similar to the concept of "budgeting to increase the minimum" and can be solved by a greedy algorithm using a priority queue.

We can think of it as: we start with M zeros. Each time we attack the minimum, we have the option to "add" a box to that type, which adds (V_i - 1) to the minimum, but costs P_i. Not adding reduces the minimum by 1. So essentially, we are deciding how many times to "boost" the minimum versus letting it decline. The total number of steps will be the number of times we let it decline plus the number of boosts. Since each boost also counts as a step (the ball placed when boosting gives +1). So total steps = M (initial) + sum over later steps.

We can view the process as: we have an initial multiset of M boxes (one per type) giving initial r values. Then we have a pool of additional boxes that we can use as boosts. The sequence of attacks always hits the smallest r. The process is analogous to the following: we have M piles of tokens. At each step, we remove one token from the smallest pile (if we do nothing). We can also add a bunch of tokens to that pile (by buying a box). The total number of steps before all piles are zero (or we quit) is the total number of tokens removed. This is similar to the "water pouring" or "priority queue simulation" that can be simulated efficiently if we know the order of boxes.

Given that we can choose which boxes to buy and when, the optimal strategy is to use boxes in order of some efficiency. This looks like a classic problem: "Given items that can increase a counter, maximize the number of steps" and the answer is something like: sort boxes by (V_i - 1) / P_i (gain per cost) and use them greedily. Since we can also choose not to use some boxes, we would only use those with positive gain. Also, the initial boxes for the first M types must be chosen. This seems tractable with a priority queue.

Let's attempt to design a greedy algorithm:

We have M types. We need to buy at least M boxes to cover the first M balls. Which boxes should we choose for these initial purchases? They will determine the initial r values. Then we have additional boxes that can be used as boosts. Since the process is symmetric across types, the initial boxes should be chosen to maximize the eventual profit. This is similar to: we have a pool of boxes, we want to select M boxes to be the "initial" ones, and then the rest can be used as boosts. Then we simulate the process: maintain a priority queue (min-heap) of current remaining capacities r_i. Initially, push the V_i-1 for the M chosen boxes. Then we have a list of remaining boxes. At each step, we pop the smallest r. Then we can either do nothing (decrement r by 1) or use a box from the pool (a boost). If we use a boost with capacity V, we pay P, and the new r becomes r + V - 1 (since we place the ball in the new box). Note that we also count the step (gain 1). So the net effect on the "state" is that the minimum r increases by (V - 1) instead of decreasing by 1, so relative change is +V. Actually, if we don't boost, r decreases by 1. If we boost, r becomes r + (V-1). So the difference between boosting and not boosting is that boosting adds V to the current r. So it's like we can replace the decrement by an increment of V-1. Since we always pop the minimum, after boosting, we push back the new value. Then we continue.

This is reminiscent of using items to "extend" the life of the system. The total number of steps until the minimum becomes 0 will be determined by how many times we boost. The profit is total steps - total cost.

We can think of it as: we start with M initial r_i (from chosen boxes). Then we have a multiset of "boosts" each giving a "value" V_i - 1 at cost P_i. The process of always attacking the minimum and optionally applying a boost is similar to the following: if we apply a boost to the current minimum, we effectively increase the minimum value by (V_i - 1) - (-1) = V_i? Actually, let's think in terms of "total amount of decrement" we can absorb. Each step without boost decrements the minimum by 1. With boost, we instead increase it by V_i-1, then the subsequent steps will decrement it again. So effectively, a boost adds V_i to the total "capacity" of the system (since it allows V_i more steps before that type runs out). This is exactly the capacity of the box, because each box can hold V_i balls, and each ball placed in it yields a step. So each box ultimately contributes V_i steps (including the step when it's placed). So the total number of steps is the total capacity of all boxes used (since each ball placed uses one capacity unit). That is true: each placement uses one unit of capacity from some box. So total steps = total capacity of all boxes used. Because each ball placed goes into a box and uses one capacity. So total placements = sum of capacities of all boxes used. This is a key observation! Indeed, every time we place a ball, we use one unit of capacity from some box. So the total number of placements equals the total capacity of all boxes that are ever used. The total cost is sum of costs of those boxes. So net profit = sum (V_i) - sum (P_i) over boxes used. That is simply total (V_i - P_i). So the problem reduces to: Mr. Box wants to select a set of boxes to use (buy and fill) to maximize total (V_i - P_i), subject to the constraint that the game can be played to fill them all without premature termination, given the adversarial type selection. So the constraint is that the set of boxes must be "feasible" in the sense that, when the adversary chooses types optimally, Mr. Box can actually fill all capacities of the selected boxes. That feasibility condition is exactly that the process of always attacking the smallest remaining capacity can fill all boxes. But if we select a set of boxes with total capacity S, the maximum number of placements we can get is S, but we need to ensure that the adversary cannot cause the game to end before all capacities are used. The game ends when a type's remaining capacity becomes 0 and the adversary gives that type. So to fill all boxes, we need that at the end, all types have remaining capacity 0, meaning all boxes are full. But the adversary can cause one type to run out early, ending the game before others are full. So to avoid that, we need that at any point during the process, the minimum remaining capacity is not zero until we want it to be. Essentially, we need that the capacities are balanced enough that the adversary cannot exhaust one type too early. The condition for being able to fill all boxes is that the capacity distribution is such that the total capacity of the boxes used can be completely filled under the "always attack the minimum" strategy, which is essentially the strategy that minimizes the total steps. So if we can fill all boxes under that adversarial condition, then we can achieve the total profit S - total cost. The question is: which sets of boxes are feasible? And we want to maximize total (V_i - P_i) over feasible sets.

Now, note that the process always attacks the smallest remaining. The condition for being able to fill all boxes is that the capacities are such that no type's total capacity is too small relative to others. This is reminiscent of a classic "water-filling" condition: If you have M types with total capacities C_t, the total number of balls that can be placed before the game ends is M-1 + min C_t (as we derived earlier). That's the maximum placements the adversary allows. So to fill all boxes, we need that total capacity S = M-1 + min C_t. But S = sum C_t. So we need sum C_t = M-1 + min C_t. That implies sum_{t != t0} C_t = M-1 + min C_t - C_t0? Actually, let C_min = min C_t. Then sum C_t = C_min + sum_{t != t_min} C_t. For sum to equal M-1 + C_min, we need sum_{t != t_min} C_t = M-1. But each C_t >= C_min, and there are M-1 other types. So the only way is that all other types have C_t = 1? Because sum of M-1 numbers each at least C_min equals M-1 implies C_min=1 and each equals 1. So the condition for full utilization of all boxes is that the minimum capacity among types is 1, and all other types have capacity exactly 1. That is a very restrictive condition. In general, we cannot fill all boxes because the adversary will stop early, leaving some capacity unused. So total placements is not sum of capacities; it's limited to M-1 + min C_t. So the actual profit is not sum(V_i-P_i) but rather (M-1 + min C_t) - sum P_i. So we are back to that expression. However, note that in our simulation with three boxes, we got profit =9, while sum(V_i-P_i) for those boxes is (6-1)+(6-1)+(10-1)=5+5+9=19? Wait, V_i-P_i: 6-1=5, 6-1=5, 10-1=9, sum=19. But we only got profit 9. So far from sum of (V-P). So we cannot achieve that.

Thus, the profit is limited by the bottleneck effect.

Given the complexity, I think the correct approach is to consider that the optimal strategy is to use exactly M boxes, one per type, and the answer is max over choosing M boxes of (M-1 + min V_i - sum P_i). This yields sample1: choose two boxes with minV=3, sumP=2, profit=1+3-2=2. Sample2: M=300000 > N=1, answer 0. Sample3: need to compute. But sample3 output is 28. Let's test with that idea. Sample3: N=10, M=4? Actually, input: 10 4, then 10 lines of V,P. So M=4. We need to choose 4 boxes from the 10 to maximize (M-1+min V - sum P) = 3 + minV - sumP. Let's list boxes:
1: 22 5
2: 26 45
3: 72 21? Wait, lines:
22 5
26 45
72 21
47 39
97 2
75 35
82 24
17 46
32 22
28 67

Let's compute V and P:
1: V=22, P=5
2: 26,45
3: 72,21
4: 47,39
5: 97,2
6: 75,35
7: 82,24
8: 17,46
9: 32,22
10: 28,67

We need to select 4 boxes. Let's try to compute the best according to this formula. Sort by V? Maybe choose boxes with largest V and small P. The min V among selected will be the smallest V of the selected. So to make minV large, we need all selected boxes to have large V. The best candidates: V=97,P=2; V=82,P=24; V=75,P=35; V=72,P=21; V=47,P=39; V=32,22; etc. If we choose the four largest V: 97,82,75,72. Then minV=72, sumP=2+24+35+21=82, profit=3+72-82=-7. Not good. If we choose cheaper boxes: 97,2; 72,21; 47,39; 32,22: minV=32, sumP=2+21+39+22=84, profit=3+32-84=-49. Worse. Maybe choose boxes with small P: 97,2; 22,5; 26,45? 45 is high. Let's try 97,2; 22,5; 72,21; 75,35: minV=22, sumP=2+5+21+35=63, profit=3+22-63=-38. Not good. The answer given is 28, so profit 28. That means 3+minV - sumP =28 => sumP = minV -25. So sumP is minV -25. So minV must be at least 25. Let's try to find a combination that yields positive profit. Maybe we can use more than 4 boxes? But our formula assumes exactly M boxes. However, we saw that using more boxes can increase profit (as in the 3-box example where profit 9 >5 from 2 boxes). So maybe using more than M boxes is better. So we need to consider using more than M boxes.

Given the time, I'll look for known solutions. I recall an AtCoder problem "Ball and Box" (maybe ABC 241 Ex) where the answer is computed by sorting boxes by (V_i, P_i) and using a priority queue to maintain the best M-1 boxes for a given threshold, and then considering the remaining boxes to boost the min. The problem might be solved by the following algorithm:

- Sort boxes by V_i.
- For each box as candidate for the bottleneck type (lowest total capacity), we consider using it as part of the bottleneck group, and use the cheapest M-1 boxes with V_i >= that capacity as singletons, then also possibly use additional boxes to increase the bottleneck's total capacity further? Actually, we can think of fixing a target X for the min, then we need to select at least M-1 boxes with V_i >= X (as singletons) and then a set of boxes (any capacities) with total sum >= X (the bottleneck group) to achieve min=X. The total cost is sum of costs of selected boxes. The profit is M-1+X - total cost. To maximize, we need to minimize total cost for each X. Since N is up to 3e5, we can try all possible X that are values of V_i (or maybe also sums of V_i). For each X, we can compute the cheapest M-1 boxes with V_i >= X using a data structure like sorting by V and maintaining a multiset of costs. Then we need the minimum cost to achieve sum >= X using the remaining boxes. This is a knapsack, but perhaps we can note that in the optimal solution, the bottleneck group will consist of boxes that are the cheapest among those not used as singletons, and we can use them greedily by taking boxes in increasing order of cost until sum reaches X. Is that optimal? For the bottleneck group, we want to achieve total capacity >= X with minimal cost. If we take the cheapest boxes (by cost) until the sum reaches X, that seems intuitive because each box gives capacity, and we want to minimize cost, so we should take boxes with smallest cost first, regardless of capacity. However, as we saw earlier, this greedy might not be optimal in general because a box with slightly higher cost but much larger capacity could replace several cheap small boxes and reduce cost. But note that we also have the constraint that we have already selected M-1 singletons, and we are using the remaining boxes. The box with large capacity might be better used as a singleton? Possibly. But we could also consider that the bottleneck group can also include boxes with high capacity, which might be more efficient. The greedy by cost (cheapest first) actually minimizes cost for a given total capacity? Not exactly; e.g., target X=10, boxes: (5,1), (5,2), (10,20). Cheapest first gives (5,1) and (5,2) total cost3, sum10. Using (10,20) alone cost20, worse. So cheapest first works here. Another example: X=10, boxes: (9,1), (2,2), (2,2), (2,2). Cheapest first: take (9,1) cost1, need 1 more, take (2,2) cost2, total3. But could we do better with (2,2)+(2,2)+(2,2)=6 sum, cost6, no. So cheapest first works. Could there be a case where a more expensive box is cheaper overall? Suppose X=10, boxes: (6,1), (5,100), (5,100). Cheapest first: (6,1) cost1, need 4, no more cheap boxes, maybe take (5,100) total cost101, or take two (5,100) cost200. So cost101. But if we take (5,100) and (5,100) sum10 cost200, worse. So cheapest first is still best. Consider X=10, boxes: (8,3), (7,2), (3,1), (3,1). Cheapest first: take (3,1),(3,1) cost2, sum6, need 4, take (7,2) cost2, total4, sum13. Or take (8,3) and (3,1): cost4, sum11. So greedy gives cost4. Alternative: (8,3)+(7,2)=cost5, sum15. So greedy is best. I think the greedy of taking boxes with smallest cost until capacity meets X is actually optimal for minimizing cost to achieve at least X, given that costs are positive and there is no other constraint. This is because the problem of "minimum cost to achieve a sum" is a classic knapsack where items have weight (capacity) and cost, and we want to minimize cost to reach a target weight. The greedy by cost (cheapest first) is not always optimal; e.g., consider items: (weight=10, cost=10), (weight=9, cost=9), (weight=1, cost=1). Target=10. Greedy cheapest first: take (1,1) cost1, then (9,9) cost9 total10, cost10. Alternative: take (10,10) cost10, cost10. Same. Another: items: (100,1), (1,100). Target=100. Cheapest first: take (100,1) cost1, works. Good. Consider items: (6,5), (5,4), (5,4), target=10. Cheapest: (5,4) cost4, sum5; then (5,4) cost4, sum10 total8. Alternative: (6,5) cost5, need 4 more, take (5,4) cost4 total9, worse. So greedy works. I cannot construct a counterexample easily. Actually, the problem is the "unbounded" knapsack? But here each item can be used at most once. This is the subset sum with costs. The greedy by cost (i.e., taking items sorted by cost) is not generally optimal: e.g., items: (7,6), (6,5), (5,5), target=10. Greedy: take (5,5) cost5, sum5; need 5, take (7,6) cost6 total11, sum12. Alternative: (6,5) and (5,5) cost10, sum11. So greedy gives cost11 vs 10. So greedy fails. So we need a better method.

Given the difficulty, perhaps the problem expects a solution using a data structure like a segment tree or a slope trick. There might be a known result that the optimal profit equals the maximum over k of (sum of top k (V_i - P_i) - something). Alternatively, maybe we can think of the game as equivalent to: Mr. Box can achieve profit = sum_{i} (V_i - P_i) - (M-1)*min_{i} (V_i?) Not.

At this point, I'm out of time. Since I need to produce a solution, I'll attempt to implement a greedy that seems plausible and hope it passes. Given the sample, the answer for sample3 is 28. I can try to compute using the idea of sorting boxes by V_i and maintaining a multiset of the cheapest M-1 boxes with V_i >= some threshold, then for the bottleneck group, we consider using the remaining boxes with smallest cost to achieve sum >= threshold, but we'll use a priority queue to simulate the process of adding boxes to the bottleneck. This might be implemented using a "two-pointer" technique.

Given the constraints, I'll go with the following algorithm:

- Sort boxes by V_i.
- Iterate over V from largest to smallest (or over boxes as potential min).
- Maintain a data structure (e.g., multiset) of costs of boxes with V_i >= current V.
- We need to pick M-1 cheapest from that set. Let sum_single be sum of those.
- Then we need to pick a set of boxes (from the remaining boxes, i.e., all boxes not selected as singletons) to achieve total capacity >= V with minimum cost. Let's denote the remaining boxes as the multiset of all boxes except those M-1. We can precompute the minimum cost to achieve capacity >= V using all boxes? This is still hard.

Maybe we can think of the bottleneck group as consisting of boxes that are not used as singletons, and we can choose any subset. Since we are taking the M-1 cheapest boxes with V_i >= V as singletons, the remaining boxes include those with V_i < V and also those with V_i >= V but not among the cheapest M-1. Among these, the cheapest way to achieve sum >= V might be to take all the cheap boxes first, regardless of capacity. This is like a knapsack, but perhaps because capacities are large and we only need sum >= V, we can take boxes with the smallest cost until the sum meets V, but as we saw, this is not always optimal. However, perhaps due to the structure of the problem (costs are positive, capacities are independent), we can still use this greedy because we are also free to choose which boxes to use as singletons; we might adjust the selection to make the greedy optimal.

Given the time, I'll implement a simpler approach: Since N and M are up to 3e5, we can try to compute the answer by dynamic programming on sorted capacities? No.

Maybe we can use a binary search on the answer K, and check if there exists a set of boxes with profit >= K. But still need to solve feasibility.

Given the difficulty, I'll look at sample3 and try to deduce the answer. The output is 28. Let's compute sum of (V_i - P_i) for all boxes: 
1: 17
2: -19
3: 51
4: 8
5: 95
6: 40
7: 58
8: -29
9: 10
10: -39
Sum = 17-19+51+8+95+40+58-29+10-39 = 192? Let's compute: 17-19=-2; -2+51=49; +8=57; +95=152; +40=192; +58=250; -29=221; +10=231; -39=192. So sum is 192. But answer is 28, far smaller. So only a small subset yields profit.

Perhaps the answer is the maximum over all subsets of boxes of (min total capacity among M types after assignment - total cost). Since M=4, we can try to enumerate combinations? Not feasible.

Another thought: Since M is only up to 4 in sample3, maybe we can brute-force assignments? But M can be up to 3e5, so not.

I recall a problem from AtCoder ABC 259 Ex "Yet Another Minimization Problem"? Not.

Given the time, I'll attempt to search for the official solution online mentally. I think this is AtCoder ABC 258 Ex? Actually, I remember a problem "Balls and Boxes" from AtCoder Grand Contest 052? Not.

Let's try to approach from another angle: The game can be viewed as: Mr. Box wants to maximize the number of balls placed, which is limited by the minimum total capacity among types. So he wants to maximize the minimum capacity among types minus total cost. This is like a "max-min" problem that can be solved by considering that in an optimal solution, the minimum capacity will be achieved by a certain box or combination. We can try all boxes as the "bottleneck box" (the one that determines the min). For each box, we consider using it as part of the bottleneck type, and then we need to ensure that all other types have total capacity at least this box's capacity (or some value). This suggests a solution: Sort boxes by V_i, and then for each box (or each distinct V), we consider making that V the min. Then we need to have at least M-1 other boxes with V >= that value (to serve as singletons), and also we need enough capacity from the bottleneck type (possibly using multiple boxes) to reach that value. The cost will be sum of costs of the selected boxes. We can try to compute the minimum cost to achieve that for each V using a data structure.

Specifically, we can sort boxes by V. Then process in decreasing V. Maintain a data structure that holds the smallest costs of boxes we have seen so far (since we are going from high V to low V, the boxes with V_i >= current V are exactly those already processed). We can maintain a multiset of the smallest M-1 costs among them. This gives the cost of the M-1 singletons if we choose the current V as the min. Then we need to consider the bottleneck group. The bottleneck group must have total capacity >= current V. It can consist of any boxes, including those with V_i < current V and those not used as singletons. We need the minimal additional cost to achieve total capacity >= V using any boxes except the M-1 singletons. Since we are processing in decreasing V, we can maintain a data structure for the remaining boxes (all boxes) that can provide capacity. But we need to compute, for each V, the minimum cost to achieve sum >= V from the set of boxes not selected as singletons. This is like a "minimum cost to reach a target sum" which is a knapsack, but we can use a greedy picking boxes with smallest cost, which might be optimal if we also allow using the same boxes as singletons in a different way? Not sure.

Given the complexity, I'll attempt to implement a solution that uses a priority queue to simulate the process of always attacking the smallest remaining, and Mr. Box uses boxes in order of some efficiency. This simulation can be done offline: We have a multiset of boxes. We can simulate the game with the optimal adversarial strategy (always attack smallest r). Mr. Box can decide to buy boxes when attacked. Since we want the maximum profit, we need to decide which boxes to buy and when. This is a sequential decision problem. However, we can think of it as: we have an initial set of M boxes (one per type) that we must buy. Then we have additional boxes that we can buy later. The process is deterministic given the set of boxes and the order of attacks (which is determined by the current smallest r). So we can simulate the process with a priority queue, and for each attack, we decide whether to buy a box (from a sorted list of remaining boxes) or not. This becomes a kind of "online" optimization where we can use a priority queue to choose the best box to buy when needed. This resembles the classic problem: "Given items that add value, maximize the number of steps" and the optimal strategy is to always use the item with the largest (V_i - 1) / P_i? Not sure.

Let's try to simulate with the three-box example to see what the optimal strategy looks like. Boxes: (6,1), (6,1), (10,1). Initially, we must buy one box for the first type. Which box to buy? The adversary will then attack the smallest r. If we buy the 10 box first, then r=9. Then adversary will attack that type (since r=9 is smallest? Actually, we have only one type so far, so it's the only one. Next ball will be of a new type (since there is another type M=2). So second ball is a new type. We must buy a box for it. We can buy a 6 box, giving r=5. Now we have r1=9, r2=5. Adversary attacks r2=5. At attack, we can either let it decrease (to 4) or buy another box. If we let it decrease, it will take 5 steps to exhaust it, total placements = initial 2 + 4 =6? Actually, let's simulate: steps: step1: type1, buy 10, r1=9. step2: type2, buy 6, r2=5. step3: attack type2 (r=5). If we don't buy, r2=4, step4: attack type2, r2=3, step5: r2=2, step6: r2=1, step7: r2=0, then step8: attack type2, cannot place, game ends. Total placements = 7? Actually, placements: steps1,2,3,4,5,6,7 =7 placements, cost=2, profit=5. If instead at step3 we buy the other 6 box, we pay 1, and r2 becomes 5+5=10 (since V-1=5, add to current r=5 →10). Then state: r1=9, r2=10. Next attack smallest r1=9. Then we can let it decrease. Then total steps: step1,2,3, then 9 steps of type1 (until r1=0) = 12 steps. Profit =12-3=9. So buying the extra box is beneficial. So the decision to buy a box at step3 is based on comparing the cost to the potential extra steps it provides. The extra box gives V-1 =5 additional capacity to the bottleneck, which translates to 5 extra steps (plus the immediate step). So net gain from buying that box: we pay P=1, and we get V=6 extra steps? Actually, we get 1 immediate step (the ball we placed) and 5 future steps, so total 6 steps from that box. So net profit increase from buying that box is V - P = 5. So if V - P > 0, it's beneficial to buy it. So the decision rule: whenever we are about to be attacked on the smallest r, if there is a box with V - P > 0 (i.e., V > P), we should buy it? But in the example, all boxes have V-P=5, so beneficial. If V-P is negative, we would not buy.

So more generally, during the process, we have a set of available boxes (unused). The optimal strategy for Mr. Box is: whenever the smallest remaining capacity is about to be attacked, if there is any box with V - P >= some threshold? Actually, we can think of the net profit from buying a box now as: we pay P, and we get V additional placements (since the box will be filled to capacity eventually if we continue). But is it guaranteed that the box will be fully filled? In the example, the bought box (6) was used to its full capacity? In the simulation, the type that got the extra box (type2) ended up with total capacity 12, but we only placed 10 balls in type2? Actually, we placed initial ball in type2, then bought the extra box and placed a ball in it, then later we placed 9 balls in type1 and no more in type2 because game ended when type1 ran out. So the extra box (6) was used for only 1 ball (the one placed when bought) plus possibly? In the simulation, after step3, type2 had two boxes: one with 1 ball, one with 1 ball, total 2 balls. Then the adversary attacked type1, so no more balls in type2. So the extra box contributed only 1 placement (the ball that bought it), not 6. Because the bottleneck shifted to type1, and type2's capacity was not fully used. So the extra box did not get fully filled. So the net profit from buying that box is not V-P, but only the immediate ball + maybe future if that type remains the bottleneck. In the simulation, we got total placements=12, which is sum of capacities? Sum capacities=22, but we used only 12 placements, so not fully used. The extra box (6) contributed only 1 placement (the ball when bought) because later no ball of that type was given. So its effective contribution is 1, not 6. So we paid 1 for it and got 1, net 0 from that box. Yet the overall profit increased from 5 to 9, a gain of 4. That gain came from the fact that by buying the extra box, we shifted the bottleneck and allowed more placements from the other type (type1). Specifically, we increased the minimum from 5 to 9, so the min capacity increased by 4, resulting in 4 extra placements from type1. So the extra box effectively "boosted" the minimum by (V-1) =5, but the actual gain was 4 (since we increased min by 5, but we also added one placement from the box itself, so net gain = (new min - old min) = 5? Actually, old min was 5, new min became 9, so increase of 4. The box cost 1, so net gain 3? Yet profit increased from 5 to 9, a gain of 4. So the box's net contribution to profit is (new min - old min) - cost. Here new min - old min = 4, cost=1, net 3? But actual profit increase is 4. There is also the placement from the box itself (which is already included in the min? Let's compute profit before and after: Before buying extra box, profit = (M-1 + min) - cost = 1+5 - 2? Wait, after initial two boxes, min=5, cost=2, profit=1+5-2=4? Actually, we had initial profit=5? Let's recalc: After buying initial boxes (10 and 6), total cost=2, min=5 (since r2=5). According to formula, placements = M-1+min =1+5=6, profit=6-2=4. In our simulation without extra box, we got placements=7? There was discrepancy. Let's be precise: With initial boxes (10,1) and (6,1): capacities: C1=10, C2=6, min=6? Wait, total capacities: C1=10, C2=6, min=6. Then placements = M-1+min =1+6=7, profit=7-2=5. Our earlier simulation gave 7 placements and profit 5. So profit=5. After buying extra box: capacities: C1=10, C2=12, min=10, placements=1+10=11, profit=11-3=8? But we got profit=9 earlier. So there is inconsistency. Let's compute correctly with exact simulation.

Let's simulate step by step with three boxes (6,1), (6,1), (10,1). Types A and B.

Option 1: Buy (10,1) for type A, (6,1) for type B.
- Step1: 'A', buy box1 (10,1): A:1, cost1, remainingA=9.
- Step2: 'B', buy box2 (6,1): B:1, cost2, remainingB=5.
Now min=5 (B). Adversary attacks B.
- Step3: Attack B. If we do nothing, place in box2: B:2, remainingB=4. Gain1, total placements=3, cost=2.
Continue:
- Step4: Attack B (still min=4? Actually, after step3, others: A=9, B=4, min=4), place B: B:3, remaining=3.
- Step5: B:4, rem=2.
- Step6: B:5, rem=1.
- Step7: B:6, rem=0. Gain1 each step. Total placements after step7 = 7. cost=2. profit=5.
At step8: Attack B (rem=0). Mr. Box cannot place, quits. So total placements=7.

Option 2: After step2, at step3 (attack B), buy the other (6,1) for B.
- Step3: Attack B, buy box3 (6,1) and place: pay1, B:2 (in two boxes), new remainingB = (6-1)+(6-1)=5+5=10? Actually, each box had 1 ball, so remaining: box2:5, box3:5, total=10. So after step3, state: A:9, B:10. min=9 (A). Gain1, total placements=3, cost=3.
- Step4: Attack A (min=9). If no buy, place in box1: A:2, remA=8. Gain1.
- Step5: Attack A (min=8): A:3, rem=7.
- Step6: A:4, rem=6.
- Step7: A:5, rem=5.
- Step8: A:6, rem=4.
- Step9: A:7, rem=3.
- Step10: A:8, rem=2.
- Step11: A:9, rem=1.
- Step12: A:10, rem=0. Gain1 each step.
Total placements = step1,2,3, plus steps4-12 = 3 + 9 =12. cost=3, profit=9.
So profit=9. Capacities: C_A=10, C_B=12, min=10, formula gives placements=1+10=11, but we got 12. Why? Because after step3, we had placed 2 balls in B (initial and step3), and 1 in A. By step12, we placed 10 balls in A (initial +9) =10, and 2 in B. Total=12. So min total capacity is 10 (A), but we placed 2 balls in B, which is more than 1. So the assumption that non-bottleneck types only get 1 ball is false when the bottleneck shifts. So the formula M-1+min C_t is not the total placements when the bottleneck shifts. Because after shifting, the new bottleneck type (A) gets filled completely, and the other type (B) had already received an extra ball before shifting. So total placements = M-1 + (total capacity of the final bottleneck type) + (extra balls placed in other types before shifting). In this case, after shifting, the other type had 2 balls placed, which is 1 extra. So total = (M-1) + C_min + (extra balls in others). The extra balls in others is the amount by which the bottleneck increased. In this case, from initial min=5 to final min=10, increase of 5, but we placed 1 extra in B during the boost, so total extra =5? Actually, total placements = M-1 + C_final_min + (C_final_min - C_initial_min)? Not.

We can think of the process as: The game ends when one type runs out. In the simulation, the type that ran out was A, which had total capacity 10. So total placements = (balls placed in A) + (balls placed in B) = 10 + 2 =12. So the key is that the bottleneck type (the one that runs out) is A with capacity 10, and the other type had 2 balls, which is 1 more than the initial 1 because we boosted B before shifting. So the general result might be: total placements = total capacity of the type that ends up being the bottleneck (the one that runs out) plus (M-1) plus the amount of boost provided to other types before they become non-bottleneck. This is getting messy.

Given the complexity, I'm going to accept a simpler solution that might be correct: Many participants might have solved it using a greedy with a priority queue, similar to the problem "Ball and Box" known as AtCoder ABC 250 Ex? I recall a solution: Sort boxes by V_i, then for each box, consider it as the minimum, and use a multiset to keep the M-1 cheapest boxes with V_i >= current V. Then the answer is the maximum over V of (V - (sum of those M-1) - cost of the bottleneck group) but the bottleneck group is just the box itself? Not.

Given the time, I'll implement a solution based on the idea of using M-1 boxes as singletons and one type with multiple boxes to achieve the min, and we'll compute the min cost for the bottleneck group by taking the cheapest boxes from the remaining set (sorted by cost) until capacity reaches V. This greedy may be correct for the bottleneck group if we also allow using the same boxes as singletons? We can try to implement and test with the sample. For sample3, we can see if we get 28.

Implementation plan:

For each test case:
- Read N, M.
- If M > N: print 0 and continue (since can't cover all types).
- Read boxes as list of (V, P).
- Sort boxes by V descending.
- We'll precompute prefix sums of costs for the cheapest M-1 boxes among those with V >= some threshold.
- We'll also precompute for each threshold V, the minimal cost to achieve total capacity >= V from the rest. Since N up to 3e5, we can for each V (which is one of the box capacities), we can maintain a multiset of the cheapest boxes among all boxes (sorted by cost) and use a pointer to add boxes as we go.

Specifically, we can process V in descending order. We maintain a multiset (or priority queue) of costs of boxes with V_i >= current V. This set will grow as we go to smaller V. We maintain the sum of the smallest M-1 costs in this set. This gives cost_singletons(V). Then we need to compute the minimum cost to achieve sum capacity >= V from the remaining boxes (i.e., all boxes except those M-1). Since we have the set of all boxes, we can also maintain a multiset of the costs of all boxes that are not among the current smallest M-1. Then we need to find the minimum cost to get total capacity at least V. We can try to use a greedy: take the cheapest boxes from this remaining set (in terms of cost) until the sum of their capacities reaches V. This gives a candidate cost_bottleneck(V). Then total cost = cost_singletons(V) + cost_bottleneck(V). The profit = M-1 + V - total_cost. We take the maximum over V.

But we also need to consider that the bottleneck group might also include some boxes that are among the M-1 singletons? No, they must be distinct. So we need to ensure disjointness.

We also need to consider that the bottleneck group might be formed by the same boxes that are used as singletons? No, they are different types.

We'll implement as:

- Sort boxes by V descending.
- Keep two multisets: one for "candidates" (all boxes processed so far), and one for "selected singletons" (the smallest M-1 costs). Actually, we can maintain a max-heap for the selected singletons to easily remove the largest when we add a new box.
- As we iterate V from max to min, we add all boxes with V_i >= current V. We maintain a min-heap of costs for all added boxes. Also maintain a max-heap for the current M-1 smallest costs (we can keep a set of the smallest M-1 costs using a max-heap of size M-1). The sum of these M-1 is sum_single.
- For the bottleneck group, we need to consider the remaining boxes: all boxes except those M-1. The remaining boxes have costs that are either larger than the largest of the selected M-1, or have V_i < current V? Actually, all boxes with V_i >= current V are in the set, but we selected the M-1 smallest costs among them. So the rest of the boxes in the set (those with V_i >= current V but not selected) plus all boxes with V_i < current V (which we haven't added yet) form the pool for the bottleneck group. However, we can also consider that we might want to use boxes with V_i < current V in the bottleneck group, because they can contribute capacity even if they are small. So we should include all boxes when considering the bottleneck group. So we need to compute, for each V, the minimum cost to achieve capacity >= V using any boxes except the M-1 singletons. This is a knapsack on the entire set of boxes, but we can perhaps note that the optimal for the bottleneck group is to take the cheapest boxes (by cost) from the entire set, ignoring capacities, until capacity sum reaches V. This is a simple greedy that might not be optimal but could be correct given the structure. Since we are also free to choose which boxes to use as singletons, the overall optimum might be captured by this greedy.

Given the time, I'll implement this and test on sample3. Use code to compute.

Let's do a quick manual test on sample3? Too many boxes. I'll write a small program in mind? Since I can't run, I'll approximate.

Alternatively, I can try to find a known solution. I think the correct solution is to sort boxes by V, then for each V as the minimum, compute the sum of the smallest M-1 costs among boxes with V_i >= V, and then also consider that we can buy additional boxes to increase the minimum's capacity; the best additional box is the one with the largest V-P? Not.

Given the difficulty, I'll attempt to implement a solution that is simpler and might pass: Since the answer is the maximum profit, we can simulate the process with a priority queue of remaining capacities, and we have a list of boxes sorted by some efficiency (e.g., V-P). At each step, when the smallest remaining capacity is attacked, we can choose to buy the box with the largest (V-P) that we haven't bought yet. This is a heuristic; but we need to prove optimality.

Given the time, I'm going to commit to the approach of using a multiset to maintain the M-1 cheapest boxes for each V, and then for the bottleneck, we take the cheapest boxes from the whole set (sorted by cost) until sum capacity >= V. This gives a candidate profit. We'll implement this and hope it passes. Since the sample3 output is 28, we can test with that.

Let's manually compute for sample3 using this method. Boxes sorted by V descending:
V:97 P2
V:82 P24
V:75 P35
V:72 P21
V:47 P39
V:32 P22
V:28 P67
V:26 P45
V:22 P5
V:17 P46

M=4. We need M-1=3 singletons.

Consider each V as the possible minimum (the min capacity). For V=97, we need 3 boxes with V>=97. Only one box (97,2) has V>=97, so not enough. So skip.
V=82: boxes with V>=82: 97,2 and 82,24 (2 boxes <3), skip.
V=75: boxes V>=75: 97,2; 82,24; 75,35 (3 boxes). So we have exactly 3. Their costs: 2,24,35, sum=61. These are the singletons. Then for bottleneck, we need to achieve capacity >=75 using the remaining boxes (all other boxes). Remaining boxes: all boxes except those three. They are: 72,21; 47,39; 32,22; 28,67; 26,45; 22,5; 17,46. Now we need the minimum cost to get total capacity >=75. Greedy by cost: sort remaining by cost: 5 (V22), 21 (V72), 22 (V32), 39 (V47), 45 (V26), 46 (V17), 67 (V28). Take cheapest until sum capacity>=75:
- Take 22,5: sum=22, cost=5
- Take 72,21: sum=94, cost=26 -> already >=75. So cost_bottleneck=26. Total cost = 61+26=87. Profit = M-1+V - total =3+75-87=-9.
V=72: boxes V>=72: 97,2; 82,24; 75,35; 72,21 (4 boxes). Need to pick 3 cheapest: costs 2,21,24 sum=47 (since 2,21,24; 35 is larger). So sum_single=47. Remaining boxes: all except these three. Among these three, we used costs 2,21,24. The boxes not used as singletons from the set V>=72: the one with cost 35 (V75) is left. Also all boxes with V<72: 47,39; 32,22; 28,67; 26,45; 22,5; 17,46. So all boxes except the three with costs 2,21,24. Now compute min cost to achieve capacity>=72 from remaining. Greedy by cost: remaining costs sorted: 5 (22), 22 (32), 35 (75), 39 (47), 45 (26), 46 (17), 67 (28). Take cheapest:
- 22,5: sum=22, cost=5
- 32,22: sum=54, cost=27
- 75,35: sum=129, cost=62 -> >=72. So cost_bottleneck=62. Total cost=47+62=109. Profit=3+72-109=-34.
V=47: boxes V>=47: all boxes with V>=47: 97,2; 82,24; 75,35; 72,21; 47,39 (5 boxes). Cheapest 3: costs 2,21,24 sum=47 (again 2,21,24). Then remaining: all other boxes. Greedy for sum>=47: remaining costs sorted: 5 (22), 22 (32), 35 (75), 39 (47), 45 (26), 46 (17), 67 (28). Take 22,5: sum=22; take 32,22: sum=54>=47, cost=5+22=27. So cost_bottleneck=27. Total cost=47+27=74. Profit=3+47-74=-24.
V=32: boxes V>=32: all except 28,26,22,17? Actually V>=32: 97,82,75,72,47,32 (6 boxes). Cheapest 3: costs 2,21,22? Let's list costs of these: 2,24,35,21,39,22. Sorted:2,21,22,24,35,39. Cheapest3:2+21+22=45. Remaining: all other boxes (including the ones with V>=32 not selected and V<32). Greedy for sum>=32: remaining costs sorted: 5 (22), 24 (82?), 35 (75), 39 (47), 45 (26), 46 (17), 67 (28). Wait, we need to be careful: The remaining boxes are all boxes except the three selected singletons (costs 2,21,22). So the selected singletons are the boxes with costs 2,21,22. Which boxes are those? cost2 is V97, cost21 is V72, cost22 is V32 (since V32,P22). So those three are removed. Remaining boxes: V82,P24; V75,P35; V47,P39; V28,P67; V26,P45; V22,P5; V17,P46. Also V?? We have all. Greedy for sum>=32: sorted costs:5 (V22),24 (V82),35 (V75),39 (V47),45 (V26),46 (V17),67 (V28). Take 5: sum=22; take 24: sum=106>=32, cost=29. So cost_bottleneck=29. Total cost=45+29=74. Profit=3+32-74=-39.
V=28: boxes V>=28: all except V26, V22, V17? Actually V>=28: V97,82,75,72,47,32,28 (7 boxes). Cheapest 3: costs:2,21,22? Let's list costs of these: 2,24,35,21,39,22,67. Sorted:2,21,22,24,35,39,67 -> cheapest3:2+21+22=45. Remaining: all other boxes. Greedy for sum>=28: remaining costs sorted:5,24,35,39,45,46,67 (excluding 2,21,22). Take 5: sum=22<28; take24: sum=46>=28, cost=29. So cost_bottleneck=29. Total cost=45+29=74. Profit=3+28-74=-43.
V=26: boxes V>=26: V97,82,75,72,47,32,28,26 (8 boxes). Cheapest 3: costs:2,21,22 (same). But note that V26,P45 is now included but it's cost45, not among cheapest. So same sum_single=45. Remaining: all others. Greedy for sum>=26: take 5 (V22): sum=22<26; take 24 (V82): sum=46>=26, cost=29. Total cost=74, profit=3+26-74=-45.
V=22: boxes V>=22: all except V17? Actually V22 is included. So many boxes. Cheapest 3: still 2,21,22? But V22,P5 is now included, cost5 is cheaper than 22? Let's recalc: boxes with V>=22: all except V17? At V=22, the set includes V22,P5 and V? Actually, we have V22,P5. So the boxes: 97,2; 82,24; 75,35; 72,21; 47,39; 32,22; 28,67; 26,45; 22,5. Now cheapest 3: costs 2,5,21 (since 5 < 22). So sum_single = 2+5+21=28. Then remaining boxes: all except those three. Which three? cost2 (V97), cost5 (V22), cost21 (V72). So remaining: V82,24; V75,35; V47,39; V32,22; V28,67; V26,45; V17,46. Greedy for sum>=22: take cheapest from remaining: costs sorted:22 (V32),24,35,39,45,46,67. Take 22: sum=32>=22, cost=22. So cost_bottleneck=22. Total cost=28+22=50. Profit=3+22-50=-25.
V=17: all boxes. Cheapest 3: costs2,5,21? Actually, all boxes: costs:2,5,21,22,24,35,39,45,46,67. Cheapest3:2+5+21=28. Remaining: all others. Greedy for sum>=17: take cheapest from remaining: cost22 (V32) gives sum32>=17, cost=22. Total=50, profit=3+17-50=-30.
So the best profit we got is -9 at V=75, but that's negative. So the answer would be 0, but sample output is 28. So our method fails.

Thus, the correct approach must be different. Perhaps we should not use M-1 singletons; we should use all boxes to boost the minimum, and the minimum can be larger than any single box's capacity. For example, in the three-box example, the minimum was 10, which is larger than any individual box's capacity? Actually, 10 is the capacity of the large box, but we boosted the other type to 12, so the minimum came from the large box. So the min was one of the boxes' capacities. So it might be that the min is always equal to the capacity of some box (since the bottleneck type's total capacity is either a single box's capacity or a sum of multiple boxes, but when it's a sum, it could be larger than any box, but the other types have capacities that are at least that sum, so the min could be a sum. In the three-box example, the min was 10 (from the large box). In the two-box example, min was 6 (from the small box). So the min can be a box capacity. In our calculation for sample3, we considered various V values from box capacities, but got negative. Maybe we should consider that the bottleneck group can also be a sum of several boxes that is not equal to any box capacity. For instance, we might combine boxes to get a sum that is larger than any single box, and then that sum becomes the min. So we need to consider sums as well. But sums can be many.

Given time, I'm going to switch to a different perspective: The optimal profit might be computable using a greedy algorithm that simulates the process with a priority queue, and the answer is the total profit of a sequence of choices. Since we have the boxes, we can decide the order in which we use them. The process is deterministic once we decide which boxes to buy when. We can treat it as: we have a multiset of boxes, each with (V,P). We start with M zeros. At each step, we choose a box to "apply" to the current minimum (which we call r). Applying means we pay P, and we increase the minimum by V (since we place a ball and add V-1 to r). Actually, as before, applying a box to a type with current r yields new r' = r + V (since r decreases by 1 if we don't boost, but if we boost, we add V-1, net effect is +V relative to not boosting). So it's easier to think: we have an initial state where we need to buy M boxes to cover the first M balls. After that, we have a multiset of r values = {V_i-1 for those M boxes}. Then we have remaining boxes. The game proceeds: at each step, we take the smallest r, say r_min. We have the option to "spend" a box to replace r_min with r_min + V, or to let it become r_min - 1 (which will eventually become 0 and end). Each time we choose a box, we pay P and get the step (the ball we placed). But we also get future steps. We want to maximize total steps - total cost.

This is reminiscent of a problem where we have a priority queue of remainders, and we want to maximize the total number of operations before a remainder hits zero. This is similar to "slope trick" or "greedy with priority queue". I've seen a problem: "Given M counters initially zero, each operation you can either increment a counter or start a new counter, maximize the number of operations before any counter reaches a limit." But here we have "boxes" that add capacity.

Maybe we can think of it as: we have to buy at least M boxes. After that, we can use additional boxes to increase the smallest remaining capacity. The optimal strategy is to always apply the box with the highest "value" (V - P) to the smallest r, because that yields the highest increase per cost. In the three-box example, all boxes had V-P=5, so any box works. So we could apply the extra box when the smallest r was 5, increasing it to 10, which gave more steps. So the decision is: if there is a box with V-P > 0, it's beneficial to use it because it adds V steps at cost P, net gain V-P. But we have to consider that after applying, the smallest r changes, and we might be able to apply more boxes. So the optimal is to use all boxes with V-P > 0? But in the three-box example, all boxes have V-P=5, so using all three gives a certain profit. Let's compute using all three: we used all three, profit=9. If we used only two, profit=5. So using all beneficial boxes is good. So perhaps the answer is simply the sum of (V_i - P_i) for all boxes, but limited by the fact that we need to cover M types? In the three-box example, sum(V-P)=5+5+5=15, but profit is 9, not 15. So not that.

Maybe profit = sum(V-P) - (M-1)*min_{i}(something)? Not.

Another idea: The process is similar to "spending" boxes to increase the minimum, and the total number of steps is equal to the sum of all capacities used, but we can't use all capacity because of the bottleneck. In the three-box example, we used capacities: 10 + 2 =12 out of 22, so only 12 used. So the waste is due to imbalance. To reduce waste, we want to balance capacities. So the optimal is to make the capacities as balanced as possible. This is like: we have M types, and we want to allocate boxes to types to maximize the minimum sum. This is exactly the problem of "maximizing the minimum partition sum" given items. That is NP-hard in general (partition). However, the problem might have a special property: we can also choose to not use some boxes. So it's like we can select a subset and then balance them. This is reminiscent of "bottleneck" problem that can be solved by a binary search on the minimum sum X, and then for each X, we check if we can achieve min sum >= X with total cost <= something. Since M and N up to 3e5, maybe we can use a greedy that sorts boxes by some ratio.

Given the time, I'll attempt to borrow an idea from known solution: I think the problem is from AtCoder "ABC 229 Ex" or "ARC 124 D". I recall a problem "Balls and Boxes" where the answer is the maximum over k of (sum of the largest k values of (V_i - 1) - (k - M + 1) * something). Not.

I'll try a different tactic: Since Mr. Box can also choose to quit, the answer is at least 0. For sample3, answer is 28, so there is a positive profit. Let's try to compute sum of (V_i - P_i) for the best 4 boxes? The best V-P values: 97-2=95; 72-21=51; 75-35=40; 82-24=58; sum=95+51+40+58=244, far larger than 28. So not.

Maybe the answer is the maximum profit achievable by buying exactly M boxes, one per type, and then also possibly buying extra boxes for the bottleneck type. In sample3, with M=4, maybe the best is to use two boxes for one type and one each for the other three, giving min=?. Let's try to find a combination that yields profit 28. Profit = M-1 + min - total_cost =3+min - total_cost =28 => total_cost = min -25. So total_cost = min -25. Since min must be at least 25, min can be e.g., 30, total_cost=5; or min=28, total_cost=3; etc. We need to find boxes such that min total capacity among types is X, and total cost is X-25. So cost is relatively small compared to capacity. For X=28, cost=3. Is there a combination of 4 boxes with total cost 3? No, boxes have costs at least 1. Minimum cost for 4 boxes is 2+5+? Actually, the cheapest costs: 2,5,21,22 Sum=50. So impossible. For X=32, cost=7; still impossible. So maybe we need more than 4 boxes. For example, using 5 boxes: total cost = X-25, and min capacity among 4 types is X. So we need to pick boxes such that after allocation, the smallest total capacity among types is X, and total cost is X-25. For X=30, cost=5. Is it possible? Cheapest boxes: cost2 (V97), cost5 (V22). So we could use these two? Need 4 types, so at least 4 boxes. So cost at least 2+5+21+22=50. So not.

Maybe profit is 28 with larger X. For X=100, cost=75. Could we have 4 types with min=100 and total cost 75? Possibly by using one huge box for a type (cost small) and other types with cheap boxes? For instance, type1: use (97,2) + maybe (22,5) to reach 119, but min would be 100 from another type. We need all types to have at least 100. Using boxes: (97,2) gives 97
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
