=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string S of length N and a string T of length M, both consisting of digits from 1 to 9.
You will perform the following operation for k=1,2,\ldots,M in order:

- Choose an integer i such that 1 \le i \le N. Then, replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T.

Find the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
S
T

Output

Print the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Constraints


- 1 \le N,M \le 10^6
- N and M are integers.
- S is a string of length N consisting of digits from 1 through 9.
- T is a string of length M consisting of digits from 1 through 9.

Sample Input 1

3 3
191
325

Sample Output 1

593

The following sequence of operations is optimal:

- For k=1: Choose i=3. Then, S = 193.
- For k=2: Choose i=1. Then, S = 293.
- For k=3: Choose i=1. Then, S = 593.

In this case, the value of S interpreted as an integer is 593, which is the maximum.

Sample Input 2

3 9
191
998244353

Sample Output 2

993

Sample Input 3

11 13
31415926535
2718281828459

Sample Output 3

98888976555

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to parse the problem: We have two strings S (length N) and T (length M), both digits 1-9. For each k from 1 to M in order, we choose an index i (1-indexed) and replace S[i] with T[k]. After M operations, we get a final string S (of length N). We want to maximize the integer value of that final S.

Observations: We have M operations, each can overwrite any position. The order matters because later operations can overwrite previous ones. Since we can choose any i each time, we can effectively decide which positions get which digits from T, but we have to assign the digits of T in order to positions, with the ability to overwrite. So essentially, we have a sequence of operations: we have M steps; at step k we put T[k] into some position, possibly overwriting earlier values. So the final S will consist of some digits: each position's final digit is the last time it was overwritten, if ever; if never, it stays as original S. Since we can choose which position to write at each step, we can control the final assignment of digits to positions, but with the constraint that the sequence of assignments must be consistent with the order of T: we cannot assign a digit to a position after we have already assigned a later digit to another position? Actually we can assign any order: each step we choose any position, so we can assign digits in any order to positions; the only restriction is that the digits used are exactly the digits of T in order, and each digit is used exactly once (since we perform M operations). But note that we can overwrite, so we might assign a digit to a position and later assign another digit to the same position, effectively canceling the earlier one. So the final assignment is: for each position i, we consider the last time (if any) that we wrote to that position; that digit is the final digit. If never written, it's original S[i]. So we have a sequence of M digits (T) that we can assign to positions over time, with the ability to choose which position at each step. The goal is to maximize the resulting integer (i.e., the string interpreted as a number, so leftmost digits matter more). So we want the final string to be as large as possible lexicographically (since same length). So we want to make the digits as large as possible from left to right.

This is reminiscent of greedy: we have M "opportunities" to overwrite digits. We want to put the largest possible digits into the most significant positions. However, note that we have to use all digits of T in order; we cannot skip or reorder T. But we can choose when to apply each digit; and we can overwrite earlier applications. So effectively, we can think of the process as: we have M "tokens" (digits from T) to place, in order, but later tokens can overwrite earlier ones. So the final effect is that the last token placed at a certain position will be that position's final digit. So if we want a certain position to have a certain digit, we need to ensure that the last time that position is written is with that digit (or never if it's original). Since we have to use all tokens, we cannot skip any; we must place each token somewhere. So the final digits are determined by the last time each position is written, and the original digits for unwritten positions. The tokens are used in order: the last token placed will be T[M]; that token will not be overwritten (since no more operations after it). So T[M] will definitely be the final digit of whatever position we choose at step M. Similarly, T[M-1] might be overwritten by T[M] if we choose the same position, etc. So we can decide the final digit of each position by controlling which token is the last to be placed there.

We can think of this as: we have a sequence of digits T[1..M]. For each position i, we can choose a time (or none) to be the last write; that time corresponds to some index k, and then final digit = T[k]. But we must assign each token to exactly one position at the time it occurs; however, multiple tokens can be assigned to the same position, and only the last matters. So essentially, we can assign each token to a position (possibly multiple to same), and the final digit for a position is the token with the largest index among those assigned to it (or original if none). We want to maximize the final string.

Let’s denote final digits as D[1..N] (each from 1-9). We have original S[i]. We have M tokens T[1..M]. We need to assign each token to a position, and then for each position i, final D[i] = max(original S[i], maximum T[k] among tokens assigned to i? No, not maximum, but the token with largest k (latest in sequence). So it's about order, not value. However, since we can choose which token is the last one, we can essentially decide that for each position, we will either keep the original digit, or replace it with some T[k] that we choose as the last write. The catch: we cannot use the same token for two positions (but we can use multiple tokens on same position, only last matters). So we have M tokens, each can be used to overwrite some position, but the final effect is that each position's final digit is either its original or one of the T[k] that we decided to be the last write there. The order of tokens matters: if we want a certain token to be the final one at a position, all later tokens must not be placed at that position. So basically, the set of positions that are overwritten at the end are those that get a token whose index is the highest among all tokens placed there. And we have to assign all tokens to positions; some tokens will be "overwritten" later (i.e., placed on positions that later get another token). So we have M tokens, we decide a mapping from tokens to positions; the final digits are determined by the last token per position. We can think of the process backwards: starting from the last token T[M], we decide where to put it; that will be a final digit for that position. Then moving backwards, for T[M-1], we can put it on some position; if we put it on a position that already got a later token (like T[M]), then this token is overwritten and doesn't affect the final string. So it's useless. So we should never put a token on a position that already has a later token, because that would waste it. So we can think: in optimal strategy, we will assign each token to a distinct position, where the last token (T[M]) gets its position, T[M-1] gets a different position (if we want it to affect final string), etc. Because if we assign two tokens to same position, only the later one matters, the earlier is wasted. Since we have M tokens and N positions, we could potentially waste some tokens by putting them on positions that already have later tokens; but that doesn't help; we could instead put them on positions that are not yet taken (or that will be taken later? If we put a token on a position that later gets a token, it's wasted; so to maximize, we would avoid that unless we have no better choice. But we have M tokens, we are forced to use all tokens; we cannot skip any. So we have to place every token somewhere. If we have more tokens than positions (M > N), then inevitably some positions will receive multiple tokens; only the last token on each position matters. That means some tokens will be wasted (overwritten). The final string will have at most N digits that come from tokens (the last ones on each position), and possibly original digits for positions that never receive any token. So effectively, we can choose at most min(N, M) positions to receive a final token (the last token placed there). The other tokens are wasted. So the problem reduces to: we have M tokens in order T[1..M]. We can choose up to min(N, M) positions to assign the "last token" for each position. For each such position i, we assign it a token index k such that the token is the last one placed there; that means no later token (with larger index) is placed on that position. The actual assignment of tokens must respect the order: we place tokens in order; we can decide which positions get which tokens as last. But effectively, we can choose any subset of tokens (with indices increasing? Actually, the last token on a position must be some token; the order of tokens on other positions doesn't matter as long as they don't conflict). But since we have to place all tokens, we can always arrange that for the chosen positions, we put their final token at the appropriate time, and put all other tokens on positions that already have a later token (i.e., waste them). So the only constraint is that the tokens that are used as final (the ones that become the last on some position) must be such that their relative order in T is not important? Actually, consider we want to use token k1 and token k2 (with k1 < k2) as final on two different positions. We can place token k1 first on its position, then later token k2 on its own position, fine. But what if we want to use token k2 as final on a position, and also use token k1 as final on another position? Since k1 < k2, we can place k1 first on its position, then later place k2 on its own position; no problem. So any subset of tokens can be chosen as final on distinct positions, as long as we have enough positions. The only restriction is that we cannot use the same token as final on two positions (obviously). So we can essentially pick any set of up to min(N, M) tokens from the sequence, assign each to a distinct position, and the final digit for that position will be that token's digit. The remaining positions (if any) keep their original S[i]. And we want to maximize the overall integer.

But wait: is there any additional constraint due to the order of operations? For example, suppose we want to use token T[k] as final on position i. That means we must place token T[k] at position i at step k. Then for all later steps (k'>k), we must not place any token on position i, otherwise it would overwrite. That's fine: we can choose to not place later tokens on i. So we can ensure that. So indeed, any subset of tokens can be used as final, and we can assign them to distinct positions. The other tokens (the ones we don't want as final) can be placed on any positions that will later get a token (like the positions that are already designated for final tokens with later indices? Actually if we place a token on a position that will later get a final token, it will be overwritten, so it's wasted. So we can always waste tokens by putting them on positions that already have a later final token assigned. Since we have the freedom to choose the order of placement (the sequence of positions), we can always arrange that the non-final tokens are placed on positions that are already designated to receive a later final token. For example, we can first place all non-final tokens on some position that will later get the final token with the largest index? But careful: if we place a non-final token on position i, and later place a final token on the same position, then the final token will overwrite it. That's fine. However, we must ensure that the final token for that position is placed after all non-final ones. Since we have the sequence order, we can schedule it: for each position that will have a final token, we can place all non-final tokens on that position before the final token's step? Actually the non-final tokens may be placed after the final token? If a non-final token is placed after the final token, it would overwrite the final token, which we don't want. So we must place non-final tokens on a position only before the final token for that position. So for each position that will have a final token, we can place some non-final tokens on it at steps earlier than the final token's step. That works. So as long as we have for each such position, the final token's index is the highest among tokens placed there. So we can assign non-final tokens to any positions, as long as we ensure that for each position, the last token placed there is exactly the final token we intend. So we need to schedule all tokens in order: we know which tokens are final, and which are non-final. For each final token with index k, we need to ensure that no token with index > k is placed on its position. So we can simply assign all non-final tokens with index > k to other positions, and non-final tokens with index < k can be placed on its position (since they are earlier) and will be overwritten. So it's always possible: we can always waste non-final tokens by placing them on the same position as some final token with a later index, or on any position that will get a final token later. However, if we have many non-final tokens, we need enough positions to accommodate them? Actually, we don't need distinct positions for non-final tokens; we can pile them all on the same position, say the position that will get the last final token (largest k). Since that position will receive that final token at the end, all earlier tokens placed there will be overwritten. So we can put all non-final tokens on that position. But we must ensure that there is at least one position that receives a final token with index greater than all non-final tokens. The last token T[M] must be placed somewhere; it is necessarily a final token (since no later token to overwrite it). So we can put all non-final tokens that are not T[M] on that same position (the one where T[M] goes) before step M; they will be overwritten. That works. So indeed, any set of tokens can be chosen as final (one per distinct position), and the rest can be wasted by putting them on the position of the last token. So the problem reduces to: we have N positions with original digits S[i]. We have M tokens (digits) T[1..M]. We can select up to min(N, M) tokens (any subset) to become the final digits on distinct positions (each token assigned to a position). The other tokens are discarded (overwritten). We want to maximize the resulting string of length N (with possibly some positions unchanged). We need to decide which positions to upgrade, and which tokens to use, to maximize the number.

Essentially, we have a bag of digits from T (we can choose any subset of up to min(N, M) digits, but they are in order? Actually, we can choose any subset because we can waste any tokens. However, is there any constraint that the tokens we choose must be in increasing order relative to positions? No, because we can assign any token to any position regardless of its index. So we can simply pick the largest possible digits from T, because we want the final string to be as large as possible. But wait: T is a sequence; we can choose any subset of its digits, because we can waste any tokens. So we want to replace some positions with the largest digits available from T. However, we also have original digits. The goal is to maximize the integer, so we want to make the leftmost digits as large as possible. So a greedy approach: go through positions from left to right; for each position, if there exists a digit in T (that we haven't used yet? Actually we can use the same digit multiple times? No, each token is a specific occurrence; we can only use each token once. So we have a multiset of digits from T (M digits). We can select up to N of them to use as replacements. So we want to choose up to N digits from T (with repetition allowed because T may have duplicates) to replace some positions, with the aim to maximize the resulting string. Since we can choose which positions to replace, it's a classic: we have original string S, and we have a bag of digits from T; we can replace up to min(N,M) positions with digits from the bag (each digit used at most once). We want to maximize the resulting number. This is like: we want to make the string as large as possible, so we should consider positions from left to right: if we can replace the current digit with a larger digit from the bag, we might want to do so. But careful: we have a limited number of replacements; we may want to save large digits for later positions if the current digit is already high? Actually for maximizing a number, we want to make the leftmost digit as large as possible. So we should try to replace the first position with the maximum digit we have available, if that maximum digit is greater than the original first digit. If not, we might not replace it because using a digit that is equal or smaller would not help. But we might still replace it with a larger digit if available. However, we also have to consider that we might want to use a large digit on a later position if the current digit is already high and we have limited large digits. But since leftmost digit is most significant, we should prioritize making early digits as large as possible. So the optimal strategy: sort the digits in T in descending order (multiset). Then go through positions of S from left to right; for each position, if the largest digit in the bag is greater than the current digit, we should replace it with that largest digit (and remove it from bag). Otherwise, we leave it unchanged. That gives the lexicographically largest string given that we can replace at most k positions with digits from a multiset, and we want to maximize the number. This is a standard greedy solution for "maximum number after replacing digits" problems. But is it correct?

Let's test with sample 1: N=3, M=3, S=191, T=325. Multiset of T: {3,2,5} sorted descending: 5,3,2. Process S: pos1=1, max bag=5 >1 -> replace with 5, bag becomes {3,2}. pos2=9, max bag=3 <9 -> no replace. pos3=1, max bag=3 >1 -> replace with 3, bag becomes {2}. Final: 593. That matches sample output.

Sample 2: N=3, M=9, S=191, T=998244353. Multiset: digits: 9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5,3? Wait T = "998244353" -> digits: 9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5,3. Sorted descending: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2. Process S: pos1=1, max=9>1 -> replace with 9, bag becomes {9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2}. pos2=9, max=9 >=9? 9 is not greater than 9, so we don't replace because we want strictly greater? If we replace with equal, it doesn't change the number, but it uses up a token which might be used later for a greater improvement. So we should only replace if the digit is strictly greater, because if equal, no benefit and we waste a potential replacement that could be used elsewhere. So pos2: current=9, max=9 not >, so skip. pos3=1, max=9>1 -> replace with 9, bag becomes {8,5,4,4,3,3,2}. Final: 9 9 9 = 999? But sample output is 993. Wait sample output is 993, not 999. So my greedy gives 999, but sample says 993. So there is a discrepancy. Let's check: Sample Input 2:
3 9
191
998244353
Output: 993
Explanation? Might be optimal is 993. Why can't we get 999? We have two 9's in T. We can replace first position with 9 (from 1 to 9), second position is already 9, we could replace third position with another 9 to get 999. But we have two 9's, so that seems possible. However, maybe there is a constraint that the operations must be performed in order, and we cannot arbitrarily assign tokens? Is there something preventing us from using both 9's? Let's think again about the reduction: We said any subset of tokens can be used as final. But is there any hidden constraint about the order of tokens relative to the positions? Consider we want to use the two 9's from T. T = "9 9 8 2 4 4 3 5 3" (index 1 to 9). To use the first 9 (index1) as final on some position, we must place it at step 1 on that position, and then never overwrite it. But if we also want to use the second 9 (index2) as final on another position, we can place it at step 2 on that other position. That's fine. So we can have both 9's as final on two different positions. Then we have remaining tokens that we can waste. However, we have only three positions. So we can get final digits: on position1 (original 1) replaced by a 9, position2 (original 9) maybe left as 9 or replaced by another 9 (but equal no change), position3 (original 1) replaced by another 9. That gives 999. But sample says 993, indicating that perhaps it's not possible to get 999. Let's check the sample explanation in problem: Sample 2 output 993. Why is that optimal? Let's simulate manually: S=191, T=998244353, M=9. We can perform 9 operations. We want to maximize final integer. Can we achieve 999? Let's try: We need final string "999". That means positions: 1:9, 2:9, 3:9. Original S[2] is 9 already, so we need to change S[1] from 1 to 9, and S[3] from 1 to 9. So we need to apply digit 9 to position1 and digit 9 to position3 at some steps, and ensure they are the last writes on those positions. We have two 9's in T at indices 1 and 2. We can do: step1: choose i=1, set S[1]=9. step2: choose i=3, set S[3]=9. Then for steps 3-9, we need to place the remaining digits (8,2,4,4,3,5,3) somewhere without overwriting positions 1 and 3 (since we want them to stay as 9). We can put them all on position2 (which is already 9) and they will overwrite it, but that would change position2 from 9 to something else (the last digit placed on position2). Since we have step9: digit 3 is last on position2 if we put it there, then final S[2] would be 3, not 9. So we must ensure that the last operation on position2 is when it was set to 9 (or original). But we never set position2; it stays as original 9. However, if we put any token on position2, it will change it. So we cannot put any token on position2 if we want it to stay 9. But we have to place all tokens: after steps 1 and 2, we have 7 remaining tokens. We have only 3 positions. If we don't put them on position2, we must put them on positions 1 or 3, but that would overwrite them. We could put them on position1 or 3, but then they would overwrite the 9's we set, which we don't want. So we need to waste tokens without affecting the final digits. The only way to waste a token is to put it on a position that will later be overwritten by another token, so that its effect is canceled. But if we put a token on a position that has no later token, it becomes final. So to waste a token, we must ensure that a later token overwrites it. So we need to have a position where we can place multiple tokens, and the last token placed there is one we want as final (or original if we want to keep original). In our attempt, we have two positions (1 and 3) that are final and we don't want them overwritten. So they cannot receive any later token. The only other position is 2. But if we put all remaining tokens on position2, then the last token (at step9, digit 3) will be final on position2, making it 3. That would give final string "9 3 9" = 939, not 999. Could we instead schedule the tokens so that the last token on position2 is also a 9? But we have only two 9's, and we used them on positions 1 and 3. So we cannot get a 9 on position2 without using a 9. Maybe we can put the 9 from index2 on position2 instead of position3, then put the other 9 on position1, and then for position3 we want a 9 but we have no more 9's. So maybe we can get "9 9 1"? That's 991, less than 993? Sample says 993 is optimal. So we need to think more carefully about the constraints.

The issue is that we have to use all tokens in order. The tokens that are "wasted" are not simply discarded; they have to be placed somewhere, and they will affect the final string if they are the last on a position. So we cannot arbitrarily waste tokens; we need to find a placement such that for each position, the last token placed there is either the original digit (if no token placed) or some token we intend. For positions that we don't want to change, we must ensure no token is placed there at all (or if placed, they are overwritten later by a token that gives the desired digit). Since we want to keep original S[2]=9, we must either never place any token on position2, or place tokens but the last one must be 9. But we don't have a 9 token to spare if we used both 9's elsewhere. So we could try to put the last token on position2 as something else, but then it changes. So maybe we can instead not use the second 9 on position3, but use it on position2 to keep it 9, and then use a different large digit (like 8) on position3. That would give 9 9 8 = 998, which is larger than 993? Actually 998 > 993, so why sample says 993? Let's try: S=191, T has digits: indices:1:9,2:9,3:8,4:2,5:4,6:4,7:3,8:5,9:3. We want final "998"? That would need: position1:9, position2:9, position3:8. Original: 1,9,1. So we need to set pos1 to 9, pos3 to 8 (or maybe pos3 to 9 and pos2 to 8? But we want 998, so pos3=8). We have two 9's and one 8. Could we achieve "998"? Let's see if we can keep pos2 as original 9 without placing any token on it. Then we need to place 9 on pos1 and 8 on pos3. After that, we have 7 remaining tokens (2,4,4,3,5,3 plus one more? Actually we used two tokens: one 9 and the 8. That leaves 7 tokens. We need to place them without affecting pos1 and pos3 (since they are final). The only possible place is pos2. If we place any token on pos2, it will become something else, not 9. So we cannot place any token on pos2 if we want to keep it 9. But we have to place all tokens somewhere. So we must place them on positions that already have final tokens but with later overwrites? But if we place them on pos1 or pos3, they will overwrite the 9 or 8. So we need to have a position where we can "dump" all extra tokens, and that position's final digit can be something we don't care about (like the last token placed there). So we need at least one position that we allow to be changed arbitrarily. In this case, we have three positions; if we want two of them to be specific digits, the third will have to absorb all the remaining tokens. That third position's final digit will be the last token placed on it. So we have to decide which position is the "dump". The dump position will end up with some digit from T (the last token among those placed on it). So we have to allocate the final digits across positions, with the constraint that exactly one position (or possibly more if multiple dumps) will receive all remaining tokens, and its final digit is the last token placed on it. But we can also split dump among multiple positions: for each position, we can decide to place some number of tokens, and the last token on that position becomes its final digit. So effectively, we are choosing a set of positions to receive final digits from tokens (maybe all positions), and the tokens assigned as final must be in decreasing order of index? Actually, since tokens are placed in order, the final digit on a position is the token with the largest index among those placed there. So if we have multiple positions, the tokens that become final on different positions are those that are the last on their respective positions. They can be in any order relative to each other? Since tokens are placed in sequence, the last token overall (T[M]) will be final on whichever position it is placed, and no later token can overwrite it. So T[M] is always a final digit on some position. Then, the second last token T[M-1] can be final on a different position only if it is not overwritten by T[M] (i.e., if it is placed on a different position than T[M]), and no later token (only T[M] might overwrite it if placed on same position) so it is final if placed on a different position. Similarly, T[M-2] can be final if it is placed on a position that doesn't have any later token (i.e., positions that are not used by T[M] or T[M-1] if T[M-1] is also final, etc.). So the set of tokens that become final corresponds to a subsequence of tokens (not necessarily contiguous) where each token is placed on a distinct position, and no later token is placed on the same position. This is essentially a matching between tokens and positions where the tokens assigned to positions are in decreasing order of index? Actually, if we list positions and the final token for each, the token indices must be strictly increasing from left to right? Let's think: If we have two positions i and j, and we assign token k to position i and token l to position j with k<l (k earlier). Since token l is later, it could potentially overwrite position i if placed there, but we place it on j. That's fine. However, consider the order of placement: we place tokens in increasing order of index. So token k is placed before token l. So when we place token k on i, later we place token l on j. That's fine. There's no constraint on relative indices of tokens assigned to different positions; any assignment is possible as long as each token is placed exactly once. For tokens that are not final (they are overwritten), they are placed on positions that later get a final token with larger index. So the final tokens are those that are the last on their positions. So they must be such that for any position, the token assigned as final has the largest index among tokens placed on that position. This is automatically satisfied if we decide, for each position, which token index is its last. Then for all tokens not chosen as final, we need to assign them to positions where they are placed before the final token of that position. This is always possible if for each non-final token, there exists some position whose final token has index greater than that non-final token. Since the final token with the largest index (T[M]) exists, we can assign all non-final tokens to that position, before step M. So as long as we have at least one position that gets a final token (which must be T[M] at least), we can waste all other tokens there. So the only constraint is that the final token for each position must be a token that we actually use as final; the non-final tokens can all be dumped on the position that gets the last token (T[M]). That seems to allow any subset of tokens (including possibly T[M] itself) to be the final tokens on distinct positions, as long as we have at least one position to receive the final token T[M]. But in our earlier attempt for sample2, we wanted to have final digits: pos1=9 (from token index1 or 2), pos2=9 (original, no token), pos3=9 (from another 9 token). That would use two tokens as final: one from index1? Actually we need two 9's as final on pos1 and pos3. That uses two tokens. The remaining tokens (including T[M]=index9 digit3) must be dumped on some position. But if we dump them on pos2, the last token on pos2 would be T[M]=3, so pos2 becomes 3, not 9. So we cannot keep pos2 as original 9 if we dump tokens on it. We could dump them on pos1 or pos3, but that would overwrite the final 9's. So we need a fourth position to dump the extra tokens. But we only have three positions. So we need to have at least one position that can be used as a dump, and that position's final digit will be T[M] (or whatever last token placed there). So we cannot keep all three positions as desired unchanged if we have many extra tokens. More generally, suppose we want to use some set of tokens as final on some positions, and leave the other positions unchanged (no token placed on them). For the unchanged positions, we must ensure no token is placed on them at all, because any token would change them (unless we later overwrite with original? but original not a token). So if we want a position to keep its original digit, we cannot place any token on it. Therefore, the dump must be among the positions that we are already altering (i.e., those we assign a final token). The number of positions that receive final tokens (including the dump) is at most N. But if we want to keep some positions original, they cannot be used as dump because they would get tokens and change. So effectively, we have to decide which positions we will eventually modify (i.e., they will have a final token from T), and which we will leave untouched. Among the modified positions, one of them (the one that gets the last token T[M]) will absorb all the other tokens that are not final on any modified position. So the number of modified positions must be at least the number of tokens we want to use as final (including the one that absorbs the rest). Actually, the dump position also gets a final token (the last one placed on it), so it counts as a modified position with its own final digit. So if we have M tokens total, and we decide to have K modified positions (i.e., positions that receive at least one token), then those K positions will have K final digits (the last token on each). The total number of tokens placed on these K positions is exactly M (since all tokens are placed somewhere). So the sum over these positions of the number of tokens placed on each is M. Let for each position i among these K, let c_i be the number of tokens placed on it (c_i >= 1). Then the total tokens M = sum c_i. The last token on each position is the one with the highest index among those placed there. So we have K final digits, each being some token. The other M-K tokens are overwritten. The question is: given the sequence T, which subsets of K positions and which assignment of final digits (one per position) are achievable? Is any set of K final digits (with each from T, possibly with multiplicities) achievable as long as the highest index token (T[M]) is included among them? Not exactly: the final digits must be a set of tokens such that there is a way to order the placements so that for each position, the token with the highest index placed there is exactly the chosen final digit. This is always possible if we can order the placements arbitrarily? But the order is fixed by T's indices. So the final digit on a position is the token with the largest index placed there. So if we pick any K distinct tokens (not necessarily distinct values) to be the final digits, we can assign each to a position, and then we need to assign the remaining tokens (including possibly tokens with larger indices than some chosen ones? careful) to positions such that for each position, the token with the largest index is the chosen one. That means that for each position, we must ensure that no token with index greater than its assigned final token is placed on that position. Moreover, all tokens with indices greater than a certain final token's index must be placed on positions whose final token has index at least that large. Since the largest index token T[M] must be a final token on some position (because it cannot be overwritten), it will be the final on some position, say position p. Then any token with index between that final token and the next smaller final token must be placed on a position whose final token has index greater than that token. For example, suppose final tokens are at indices i1 < i2 < ... < iK (these are positions in the token sequence). Then for any token with index j that is not a final token, to ensure it is overwritten, we need to place it on a position whose final token has index > j. Since the final tokens are at indices i1,...,iK, the only positions with final tokens having index > j are those with final index > j. As long as there is at least one such position, we can place j there. But if j is greater than all final tokens except the largest, it may still be less than the largest, so it can be placed on the position with final token T[M] (largest index). That works if the largest final token is T[M]. So the condition is that the set of final tokens must include T[M] (since it's the largest index). Similarly, any token with index greater than some final token but less than another must be placed on a position with final index greater than it. Since the largest final token is T[M] and it's the maximum index overall, it can cover all tokens with index less than M. So it seems that as long as we include T[M] as a final token, we can dump all other non-final tokens on that position. But there is a catch: if we have multiple final tokens, we also need to ensure that for each final token (except the largest), no token with index greater than it is placed on its position. That's fine because we can place all later tokens on the position of the largest final token. So the only requirement is that T[M] is a final token (which it always will be because it's the last step and cannot be overwritten). So any set of final tokens that includes T[M]? Actually, we can choose to not have T[M] as final? No, T[M] must be placed somewhere, and no later token, so it is always the final digit on whatever position it is placed. So T[M] is always a final token. So the final set necessarily includes T[M]. Therefore, we can choose any other tokens from T (any subset of the remaining tokens) to also be final on distinct positions, as long as we have enough positions. But we also need to consider that the dump position (the one that gets T[M] and all other non-final tokens) will have its final digit equal to T[M]. So T[M] itself is used as final on that dump position. So if we want to use T[M] as final on a position that also gets other tokens, that's fine. So the final digits on the K modified positions are exactly the K tokens we select as final, including T[M] and some others. So we can choose any set of up to N tokens (including T[M]) to be the final digits on distinct positions. The other positions (if any) keep original digits. So in sample2, T[M] is index9 digit3. So T[9]=3. If we want to get 999, we would need final digits: pos1=9, pos2=9, pos3=9. That would require three final tokens with value 9, but we only have two 9's. So we cannot get three 9's. But we could try to use T[M]=3 as final on some position, but we want all three positions to be 9, so we would need to have T[9]=9, but it's 3. So we cannot. The maximum we can achieve: we have two 9's and one 3 (the last token). So the best we can do is to have two positions become 9 and one position become 3 (or maybe we can get 9,9,8 by using 8 as final on one position and T[M]=3 on dump? But if we use dump position as one of the 9's? Let's think: we want the final digits to be as large as possible. Since T[M] is forced to be final somewhere, and it's 3, we must have at least one position with digit 3. Unless we can overwrite T[M]? No, it's last. So at least one final digit is 3. So the final string will have at least one 3. We can have up to two other positions get larger digits from T. The other digits in T are 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,2 (since T[9]=3). We can choose any two of those as final on other positions. The best would be to use the two 9's on the most significant positions. So we can have: pos1=9 (from one 9), pos2=9 (from the other 9), pos3=3 (from T[M]). That gives 993. That matches sample output. Could we get 998? That would need pos1=9, pos2=9, pos3=8. But then T[M]=3 must be placed somewhere; if we put it on pos3, it would overwrite the 8, giving 3. If we put it on pos1 or pos2, it would overwrite the 9. So we cannot avoid having a 3 final. Alternatively, we could try to have only two modified positions (one gets T[M]=3, another gets a 9) and keep the third position original (9). But then the third position would be original 9, and we have two modified: one with 3, one with 9. That yields 9 9 3? Actually original S=191: pos2=9. If we keep pos2 unchanged, and modify pos1 to 9 and pos3 to 3 (T[M]), we get 9 9 3 = 993. That's the same. Could we get 9 9 9? No because we have no third 9. So 993 is optimal. So our earlier greedy that picks largest digits from the multiset and replaces leftmost positions where it's beneficial would have produced 9 9 9 (since we had two 9's and we would have replaced pos1 and pos3 with 9, and left pos2 as 9, giving 999) but that's impossible because we didn't account for the forced inclusion of T[M] (which is 3) as a final digit. So the selection of final tokens is not free: it must include T[M]. More generally, since T[M] is always the last operation, it will be the final digit on whichever position we choose. So we cannot avoid using T[M] as a final digit on some position. So we cannot arbitrarily choose the multiset of final digits from all tokens; we must include T[M]. Also, we can choose any other tokens to also be final, but we have to respect that the total number of final tokens (including T[M]) is at most N, and they must be placed on distinct positions. However, we also have the possibility that some positions may receive no tokens (keep original), and some positions may receive only one token (the final one). So the effective set of final digits is: we must use T[M] (the last token), and we can optionally select some other tokens (any subset of the first M-1 tokens) to be final on other positions, as long as total selected tokens <= N. The remaining tokens (not selected) will be placed on the position that receives T[M] (or on any position that later gets a later token) and thus be overwritten. So the final digits are: for each selected token (including T[M]), it becomes the final digit on a distinct position; for positions not selected, they keep original digits. So the problem reduces to: We have a multiset of tokens: T[1..M-1] and T[M] is mandatory. We can choose up to N-1 additional tokens from T[1..M-1] to be final, along with T[M], and assign them to distinct positions (we can choose which positions get which digits). We want to maximize the resulting integer. Since we can assign the selected tokens to any positions, we should assign the largest digits to the most significant positions (leftmost), while possibly leaving some positions unchanged if their original digit is already larger than what we could get. Also, we might choose to not use some tokens even if they are large if they don't improve the string. So we need to choose a set of tokens (including T[M]) that we will use as replacements, and then assign them optimally to positions.

This is reminiscent of: we have an original string S. We have a mandatory final digit d_last = T[M]. We have a multiset of other digits from T[1..M-1] (call it B). We can use up to N-1 of them (since one position must get d_last). Actually, we could also choose to not use d_last on a separate position? Wait, d_last must be placed on some position, and that position's final digit is d_last. So that position is modified (unless it already equals d_last, but we still place the token, so it's modified, but if it equals d_last, the digit stays the same; however, using a token with same digit as original doesn't change the string but uses up a token; it might still be necessary because we must place T[M] somewhere. If the original digit on some position equals T[M], we could place T[M] on that position and it will not change the digit, but it still counts as a modified position. That could allow us to keep other positions unchanged. So T[M] must be placed somewhere, but if we place it on a position that already has the same digit, the final digit there is still that digit, so it's effectively like not changing that position. However, it uses up one token, and that position becomes a "dump" for other tokens if we want? Actually, if we place T[M] on a position, it is the last token on that position, so any other tokens placed on that same position earlier will be overwritten. So that position can serve as the dump for all other non-final tokens. So we always have at least one modified position (the one where T[M] is placed). That position's final digit is T[M] (which might equal original or not). So effectively, we have a mandatory final digit d_last that will appear somewhere. We can also choose to use other tokens as final on other positions, but those other positions cannot receive any later token, so they must not have any token placed after them. That is fine: we can place them earlier and then never touch those positions again. So the problem is: We must pick exactly one position to be the "last" position (where T[M] goes). That position will have final digit d_last (if we place T[M] there; but we could also place T[M] on a position and then also put other tokens there? Actually, if we put T[M] on a position, we cannot put any later token, so it's final. So we have one position with final digit d_last. Then we can choose up to N-1 other positions (or maybe include the same position? No, different positions) to get additional final digits from tokens in B (the first M-1 tokens). We can select any subset of B, but each selected token must be placed on a distinct position not used by T[M] (since positions are distinct). And we can assign these tokens to positions in any order (assign larger digits to more significant positions). Also, we can choose not to select some tokens if they don't help. The remaining tokens (not selected) will be placed on the position that gets T[M] (the dump) before step M, so they get overwritten.

Thus, the optimization: We have original string S[1..N]. We have a multiset B of digits from T[1..M-1]. We have a mandatory digit d_last = T[M]. We can choose up to N-1 digits from B to also be replacements. Additionally, we must place d_last on some position (which may be one of the positions that we also replace? No, we cannot use same position for two final tokens. So we have to choose a set of positions to modify: exactly one position will get d_last, and up to N-1 other positions may get digits from B. In total, we can modify at most N positions (but we must modify at least one because T[M] must be placed). Also, we can choose to modify fewer than N positions, leaving others unchanged.

Goal: maximize the final integer. This is similar to: we have original digits, we can perform up to N replacements, but one replacement must be with d_last (and it may be placed on any position). The other replacements can be with any digits from B (up to N-1). We can choose which positions to replace. To maximize the integer, we want to make the leftmost digits as large as possible. So we should consider the following greedy:

- We have a mandatory replacement digit d_last. We can decide where to put it. Since it might be smaller than the original digit on some position, we might want to put it on the least significant position possible (i.e., rightmost) to minimize its impact, because leftmost digits are more important. Conversely, if d_last is large, we might want to put it on a leftmost position to increase the number. So we need to decide placement of d_last optimally.

- Then, with the remaining positions, we can use digits from B (the other tokens) to replace digits where beneficial. This is similar to the classic problem: given a string and a multiset of replacement digits, we want to replace some positions (at most K) with digits from the multiset to maximize the number. The optimal strategy is to sort the replacement digits in descending order, then go from leftmost position to rightmost, and if the current digit is less than the largest available replacement digit, replace it (using the largest), otherwise leave it. This works if we have a fixed budget of replacements and we can choose which positions. But here we have two flavors: one mandatory replacement (d_last) that we must place somewhere, and then up to N-1 optional replacements from B. So overall, we have at most N replacements, but one is forced to be d_last. So we can think: we have a pool of replacement digits: d_last plus the digits from B. We can use up to N of them, but we must use d_last exactly once. So we can treat it as: we have a multiset R = B ∪ {d_last}. We can select up to N digits from R, but we must include d_last. Then we can assign these selected digits to positions to maximize the number. The assignment should be: sort selected digits in descending order, and assign them to the positions that will yield the greatest benefit. The optimal assignment is to replace the smallest original digits (from left to right?) Actually, to maximize the number, we want to replace digits from left to right if the replacement digit is larger. However, if we have a set of replacement digits (sorted descending) and original string S, the best result is obtained by considering the string from left to right, and for each position, if we have a replacement digit larger than the current digit, we replace it with the largest replacement digit we have (greedy). This is standard for "Maximum Number After K Replacements" (like LeetCode 321?). But here we have to also consider that we must use d_last exactly once, which might be suboptimal to use if it's small. So we need to decide whether to use d_last on a position where it improves the number, or if it's worse than the original, we want to put it on a position where it causes minimal damage (i.e., the rightmost possible, or a position where the original is already smaller? Actually if d_last is smaller than the original digit, using it would reduce the number, so we would prefer not to use it at all, but we must. So we have to incur a loss somewhere. So we need to choose the position to place d_last to minimize the negative impact, i.e., we should put it on the position where the original digit is as small as possible, or if all original digits are larger, we must put it on the least significant (rightmost) position because reducing a less significant digit hurts less. But also, we might have the option to replace that position with a different digit from B later? No, because each position can only have one final digit (the last placed). If we place d_last on a position, that position's final digit is d_last. We cannot also replace it with a digit from B (unless we put a token from B on the same position before T[M], but that would be overwritten by T[M], so final remains d_last). So that position is set to d_last. So we need to decide the placement of d_last, and then for other positions we can use the best digits from B.

Thus, we can compute the answer by trying all possible placements of d_last? N can be up to 1e6, so O(N) is fine. For each candidate position i where we place d_last, we need to compute the best possible string if we replace other positions using the multiset B (up to N-1 replacements). But we can't try all i O(N) and each O(N) computation. However, we can preprocess something.

Observing that the optimal assignment for the optional replacements (from B) is independent of where d_last is placed, except that we remove that position from consideration. So we can compute the best possible string when we can replace any positions with digits from B (up to N-1 replacements), and then decide where to insert d_last, possibly replacing one of the chosen replacements.

Alternatively, we can think in terms of the final string: we need to pick N final digits, one per position. Each position's final digit is either original S[i], or a digit from the set of selected tokens (including d_last). The selected tokens must be a multiset that includes d_last and any subset of B, and the total number of selected tokens is at most N. The assignment can be any bijection between selected tokens and positions (each position gets at most one selected token). So it's like we have a set of possible "upgrade" digits we can apply to positions, but one of them is forced to be used. We want to maximize the resulting number.

This is reminiscent of: we have a string S, we have a multiset of digits D (from B ∪ {d_last}), and we must use exactly one specific digit d_last (with multiplicity 1), and we can use at most N-1 other digits from D (excluding d_last). We can decide which positions get which digits. The optimal strategy: sort all available digits (excluding d_last maybe) descending. Then we will replace the leftmost positions with the largest digits if they improve. However, we have the mandatory d_last which might be small; we have to fit it in somewhere.

We can try the following approach: first, consider the best possible string if we could use any digits from B ∪ {d_last} (i.e., we have a multiset of digits, we can use up to N of them, no forced inclusion). That is a baseline: we sort all digits descending, then for each position from left, if the largest available digit is greater than S[i], replace. This yields the maximum possible string if we could ignore the forced use of d_last. However, if we use d_last in this process, it might be used if it's among the largest. But if d_last is small, it might not be used because we only replace when beneficial. But we must use it, so we need to incorporate it.

So we need to ensure that d_last is used. There are two cases:

- If in the above greedy, d_last is already used (i.e., it is among the selected replacement digits because it was larger than some original digit), then we are done because the mandatory condition is satisfied. But note: we might have used d_last even if it's not beneficial? The greedy only uses a replacement if it's larger than the original. So if d_last is large enough to be used, then it's fine; we get the optimal string (since we used the best digits). But if d_last is not used in the greedy (i.e., we never replaced a digit with d_last because there were always larger digits available, or because d_last is not larger than the current original digits), then we need to force its inclusion, which might reduce the string because we have to replace some digit with a smaller digit. In that case, we need to modify the greedy to accommodate d_last.

So the challenge is when d_last is small. In that case, we have to replace some digit with d_last, which will likely make the string smaller. We want to minimize the damage. So we should replace the digit that causes the least reduction in the number. That is likely the rightmost position that we would otherwise replace with a larger digit, or the rightmost position overall. But we must consider that we might also replace other positions with B digits. So we need to decide the optimal set of replacements that includes d_last.

We can think of it as: we have a multiset of replacement digits R = B ∪ {d_last}. We want to select a subset of R of size K (where 1 <= K <= N) that must include d_last, and assign these digits to positions to maximize the resulting number. This is similar to: we can think of the process as we have the original string, we can choose positions to replace; the effect is that for each position i, if we replace it with some digit d, the new digit is max(S[i], d)? Not exactly; we can replace with smaller, which would hurt. So we want to only replace if it improves; but if forced to use a small digit, we might have to replace a position where the original is also small, or replace a position that originally has a larger digit (that would be harmful). So the optimal is to replace the position where the difference between original and d_last is smallest (i.e., where d_last is as large as possible relative to original) but also the position's significance matters. Since we are free to choose any positions, we should put d_last on a position where it does the least harm: ideally, if there is a position with original digit less than d_last, then putting d_last there improves it; that's good. If not, then all original digits are >= d_last, then putting d_last will make it smaller (or equal). To minimize harm, we should put it on the least significant position (rightmost) where the original digit is as small as possible? Actually, if all original digits are >= d_last, the best we can do is to put d_last on the position where the original digit is as small as possible (since the reduction is original - d_last; smaller reduction is better). But also, if two positions have the same original, the rightmost one is less significant. So we need to choose the position that minimizes the negative impact on the number. So we can compute the optimal string by first computing the best possible string without the forced d_last (i.e., using B only, up to N replacements), and then adjusting to incorporate d_last if not already used. However, the best possible string without d_last might use some digits from B; we need to potentially replace one of those used digits with d_last (if d_last is not used). But we could also choose to not use some other digit from B to accommodate d_last. So we need to find the best combination: include d_last, and choose up to N-1 other digits from B, such that the resulting string is maximal.

This is like: we have a pool of replacement digits (B) and one mandatory digit d_last. We can select at most N digits in total (including d_last) to replace some positions. The optimal selection and assignment can be determined by a greedy algorithm that considers positions from left to right, but with the constraint that we must use d_last somewhere.

We can think of it as: we have the option to "upgrade" positions using digits from a multiset. The optimal strategy without forced inclusion is: sort all replacement digits descending. Then for i from 1 to N, if the largest remaining digit > S[i], replace. This yields a set of positions that are replaced, and the used digits are the largest ones that are beneficial. Now, if d_last is not among the used digits (either because it was too small, or because we had enough larger digits to replace all positions that could be improved), then we need to insert d_last into the set of replacements. This means we must either use d_last to replace an additional position that we didn't replace before (if we have capacity, i.e., we used less than N replacements), or we must replace one of the already replaced positions with d_last (which might be worse) if we already used N replacements. In the latter case, we need to choose which replacement to swap out, i.e., we replace one digit that we previously used with d_last, and instead use that digit elsewhere? But we can't use more than N replacements. So we need to find the best combination: we can choose up to N replacements (including d_last) from B∪{d_last}. This is similar to: we have a multiset of available digits, we want to assign them to positions (at most one per position) to maximize the number, with the condition that a specific digit (d_last) must be assigned. This can be solved by a greedy where we first treat d_last as a candidate and then incorporate others.

Let’s formalize: Let A = S[1..N] (original digits). Let P = multiset of digits from B (size M-1). Let d = T[M]. We need to select a subset Q ⊆ P, |Q| ≤ N-1, and assign the digits from Q ∪ {d} to distinct positions to maximize the final string. Equivalent to: we choose a set of positions to modify (up to N). For each modified position, we assign a digit from Q∪{d}. For unmodified, digit is original. The final string is determined by the assignment. To maximize, we should assign the largest digits to the leftmost positions, but only if they are larger than the original digit at that position. However, we are not forced to assign all selected digits; we can choose not to assign a digit if it doesn't improve? Actually, if we select a digit, we must assign it to some position; that position's digit becomes that digit, which could be smaller than original, which would be bad. So we would only select a digit if we can assign it to a position where it improves (or at least doesn't harm) the number. So we should only select digits that are beneficial and assign them to positions where they are larger than the original. But if d is forced, we might have to assign it to a position where it is not beneficial (i.e., smaller than original), causing harm. So we want to minimize harm.

Thus, the optimal strategy:

- Start with the set of digits in B, sorted descending.
- Use the standard greedy: iterate i from 1 to N, while we have digits in B and the largest digit > S[i], replace S[i] with that digit and remove it. This gives a temporary string S' (which is the best we can achieve using only B and up to |B| replacements, but note we can use at most N replacements, but we might have more digits than needed; we only use those that improve). Let the number of replacements used be K (K ≤ min(N, M-1)).
- Now we need to incorporate d. There are two subcases:
  a) If d is larger than some original digit that we haven't replaced, or if K < N and we can replace an extra position with d if it improves (i.e., d > original at some position that is currently unchanged and we have capacity). But we must also consider that we might replace a digit that we already replaced with a smaller digit from B with d if d is larger than that smaller digit? Actually, if d is large, it might be used in the initial greedy if it were in B. So if d is large, it would have been among the top digits. The fact that d is not in B (it's separate) but we can also use it; we can think of it as we have an additional digit d. So if d is larger than some of the digits we used, we could potentially replace a digit with d instead, possibly getting a larger number. So in general, we can treat it as: we have multiset R = B ∪ {d}. We want to select up to N digits from R (including d) to replace positions. The optimal selection is to choose the largest digits that can improve the string. Since we must include d, we need to ensure that if we select d, and it's not among the top digits, we might have to drop a larger digit to make room? But we have a budget of up to N, not exactly K. So we can include d in addition to the other digits if we have capacity (K < N). If K = N (i.e., we already replaced all positions with improving digits from B), then including d would require replacing one of the already used digits (since we can't have more than N replacements). So we need to decide whether including d is beneficial and which digit to sacrifice.

So the algorithm:

1. Sort the digits from B in descending order.
2. Perform greedy on S with this sorted list to get an intermediate string S_g and the set of used digits (the ones that were actually used for replacement). Let the list of used digits be U (in order of use? Actually we can just record the positions and the new digits). Let the number of replacements be r (r ≤ min(N, M-1)). Note that some digits from B may remain unused (the smaller ones that were never used because they were not greater than the corresponding original digits).

3. Now we consider d. We need to incorporate d into the replacement set. We have two options:
   - Option 1: Use d as a replacement on a position that is not already replaced (if r < N) and if d > S[i] at that position (or if we want to replace despite being smaller? We would only replace if d > S[i] to improve; if d <= S[i], replacing would not improve or would worsen; we could still replace but we want to maximize, so we wouldn't replace if it worsens. However, we must use d, so if there is no position where d > S[i] (including positions that are already replaced? If a position is already replaced with a larger digit, putting d there would be worse), we might have to accept a loss. So we need to consider the possibility of putting d on a position that is currently unchanged (and d <= S[i]), which would lower the digit at that position. That might be necessary if no other option gives improvement. Also, we could put d on a position that is already replaced, but then we would have to "undoe" the previous replacement (i.e., we would be replacing a replacement, but the final digit would be d, which might be smaller than the replaced one). That would be like swapping d with a digit already used. Since we have to use d, we might replace a digit that we previously used with a larger digit from B (say x) with d, and then we could use x for another position (if capacity) or discard x. But if we discard x, we lose a large digit. So better to keep x if possible. So the optimal approach is to treat d as an extra digit, and we want to select the best set of at most N digits from B∪{d} to replace positions. This is similar to the standard greedy but with the twist that d is mandatory.

We can just simulate the greedy as if we had the full multiset R = B ∪ {d}, with the constraint that we must use d. However, note that the standard greedy would automatically use d if it's among the largest and beneficial. If it's not, then the greedy would leave it unused. So we need to modify the greedy to ensure d is used. That modification: we can first "force" d into the set of used digits, and then adjust.

A direct approach: Since N and M up to 1e6, we can compute the answer by considering the best possible string if we replace positions with a multiset of digits that includes d. The final string will have some digits from S, some from R. The optimal arrangement is to sort the selected digits descending and assign them to the leftmost positions that can be improved (i.e., where the original digit is less than the assigned digit). But we also need to consider that we might not want to assign a digit to a position if it's smaller than original. This is like: we want to choose a set of positions P and assign to each a digit from R (including d) such that the assigned digit is at least the original (to not make it worse) but we might have to accept a smaller digit for d. Actually, we might accept a smaller digit if forced. So we need to find the best possible string.

We can think of it as: for each position i, we have three outcomes: keep original, replace with a digit from R that is larger (improvement), or replace with a digit from R that is smaller (worsening). Since we want to maximize, we will avoid worsening unless forced. So we should only worsen at most one position (for d) and only if necessary. So the algorithm could be:

- First, compute the best possible string if we could use up to N digits from B (ignoring d). This gives a baseline. Then, if d is larger than some original digit we haven't replaced (or larger than some replaced digit?), we can incorporate it to get an even better string. But we must include d, so if d is not used in the baseline, we need to adjust. The adjustment could be: either replace an additional position with d (if we have capacity and d > original), which would improve the string if d > original; or if no capacity, we need to replace one of the previously replaced positions with d, which likely worsens. In the latter case, we should choose the replaced position where the loss is minimal (i.e., the one where the replaced digit is closest to d from above, and the position is as right as possible). Also, we could possibly replace an unchanged position with d even if d is smaller, causing a loss; we should then also consider whether we can instead remove a previously used digit (i.e., not use it) to avoid that loss? Actually, we might have the option to use d on a position that is currently unchanged, and then remove one of the previously used digits (so total replacements still ≤ N). That could be beneficial if d is larger than that removed digit? No, removing a used digit would revert that position to original, which might be worse than keeping the used digit. We need to evaluate all possibilities.

Let's break it down systematically.

Let’s denote the list of original digits S[1..N]. We have a multiset B (size M-1). Let d = T[M].

We want to choose a set of indices (positions) I to replace, with |I| ≤ N, and assign to each i in I a digit from R = B∪{d}, with each digit used at most once, and d must be among the assigned digits. The final digit at i is assigned digit if i in I, else S[i]. The goal is to maximize the number.

Since digits are from 1-9, we can think of using a greedy that considers positions from left to right and decides whether to replace with the best available digit, but we must also ensure that d is used. This can be done by a DP? But we can do a simpler approach: Since there are only 9 possible digits, we could think about counts. However, N up to 1e6, digits 1-9, but we can use frequency counts.

Observation: Because digits are only 1-9, we can treat this as a problem of maximizing lexicographic order. We can iterate through positions and for each digit from 9 down to 1 decide how many replacements we do. But the forced inclusion of d adds a twist.

Another idea: Since we must use d, and we can use at most N digits from R, we can think of selecting the best N digits from R (or fewer) and then assigning them to positions optimally. The best assignment is to sort the selected digits descending, and then for each position from left to right, if the largest selected digit is greater than S[i], we assign it, otherwise we leave S[i] as is (and that digit is wasted? Actually we have to use all selected digits, so we can't leave them unused. So if we have selected a set of digits, we must assign each to some position, even if it makes the digit smaller. So we cannot just not use a digit if it's not beneficial. Therefore, we only want to select digits that we will use beneficially, except maybe d which we are forced to use. So the optimal selection is: select the largest digits from R, up to N, but we may decide not to select some digits that would cause harm if we are forced to assign them. Since we can choose the subset (except d must be included), we will only include digits that are beneficial, i.e., we can assign them to positions where they are larger than the original, or at least not causing a net negative when considering trade-offs. Since forced inclusion of d might cause harm, we need to minimize that harm.

Thus, we can compute the optimal string as follows:

- Start with the string S.
- Consider the digits in R (including d). Sort them all in descending order. But we cannot use all if they outnumber N. We will use at most N digits. The optimal set of digits to use (if there were no forced inclusion) is to take the largest up to N, but only if they are larger than the original digits they replace. However, because we must assign them to positions, the standard greedy (which uses only if larger) is optimal.

We can modify the standard greedy to handle mandatory inclusion: we can first compute the best string using the full set R, but with the condition that d must be used. This can be done by trying to see if d is already used in the greedy; if not, we redo the greedy with d forced to be used at some position.

Since N is large but digits small, we could simulate the greedy with two phases: first, we try to use all digits from R except d, then we place d optimally.

Let's design algorithm:

1. Count frequencies of digits in B (M-1 digits). We'll have an array cnt[1..9] for counts of digits from B.
2. Also have d = T[M].

We need to produce final string F of length N.

We can think of building F from left to right, making decisions based on available digits.

A common approach for such problems (maximum number after replacing with digits from a given multiset, with one forced digit) is to use a greedy algorithm that at each position, decides whether to replace with the best available digit, while reserving d for later if needed. Since d might be small, we might want to put it as far right as possible.

We can treat it as: we have a multiset of "improvement" digits (B). We can use them to upgrade positions. Then we have d which we must use. If d is large, we can treat it as part of B. If d is small, we need to "downgrade" one position. The best position to downgrade is the one where the original digit is as small as possible (preferably less than d? Actually if original is less than d, it's an upgrade; if original is greater, it's a downgrade). So we should put d on the rightmost position where the original digit is the smallest among all positions? Not exactly; we need to consider that we might also have replaced some positions with digits from B, so the final digit at that position might be higher than original. We could instead put d on a position that we would otherwise replace with a larger digit from B, but then we could use that larger digit to replace another position (if capacity). So it's complex.

Let's try a more direct method: Since N,M ≤ 1e6, we can simulate all possible placements of d? That would be O(N) times O(N) if we recompute for each i. But we can precompute something to allow O(N) overall.

We can think of the problem as: we have a sequence of original digits, and we have a bag of digits (B) that we can use to replace any positions (each at most once). We want to maximize the number after adding the constraint that we also must use d exactly once. This is similar to: we have a multiset of beneficial digits, we use as many as possible greedily; then we handle d.

Let's compute the best we can do without d, but with the ability to replace up to N positions using digits from B (we can only use each once). Since digits from B are all we have, we can greedily replace from left to right: for each position i, if there exists a digit in B larger than S[i], we replace with the largest such digit (and remove it). This yields a string S1. This is optimal when using only B (proof: standard). Now we have used some digits from B, say r digits. The remaining digits in B are the ones not used (they are all ≤ the original digits at the positions where they were considered, or they are leftover because we ran out of positions). Now we need to incorporate d.

Case 1: d is larger than some original digit at a position that is currently unchanged (i.e., we didn't replace it), and we have not yet used N replacements (r < N). Then we can simply replace that position with d, adding one more replacement. This will improve the string (since d > original). Moreover, we should choose the best position to apply d: we should apply it to the leftmost position where d > original and we haven't replaced. Because leftmost improvements give more value. So we can try to insert d into the greedy process: essentially, treat d as an extra digit that we can use as a replacement. Since d may be larger than some used digits, we might even consider using d instead of a smaller digit that we used. To get the overall optimal, we should actually run the greedy with all digits from R = B ∪ {d}. But with the catch that we must use d. So we can run greedy with all digits, but if d ends up not being used, we force it in.

So let's run greedy on the multiset R (including d). We'll have a multiset of digits, sorted. We iterate positions from 1 to N, and at each step, we look at the largest digit in the multiset. If it is greater than S[i], we replace, and remove that digit. Otherwise, we leave S[i] unchanged. After processing all positions, we might have unused digits left. If d is among the used digits, then we are done; the resulting string is optimal given we had to use d (since greedy yields optimal for any set of digits without mandatory inclusion, but here d was included in the set, so if it was used, it's fine). However, if d is not used (i.e., it remained in the multiset after the greedy), that means d was never larger than any remaining original digit (since we only replace when larger), and we have no position where d would improve. In that case, we must force d to be used, which means we need to replace some position with d, even if it makes the string worse. Which position should we replace? The greedy would have left some positions unchanged because the available digits were not larger. If we replace a position with d, we will certainly make it smaller or equal. To minimize damage, we should replace the rightmost position where the original digit is as large as possible? Wait, we want to minimize the decrease in the number. The decrease is (original - d) if original > d. If original = d, no change; that's best. So we should try to find a position where the original digit is equal to d (if any), then replacing with d yields no change, and we satisfy the requirement without any loss. If no such position, we should find a position where the original digit is as close as possible to d (i.e., the smallest original digit that is > d), and that position should be as right as possible? Actually, if we have to replace a position with a smaller digit, the loss in value depends on the position's significance and the magnitude of the decrease. For two positions i<j (i more significant), reducing digit at i by a certain amount has a larger impact than reducing at j by the same amount. So we want to minimize the overall impact: we should replace the least significant position (rightmost) among those where the original digit is > d, or if there is one with original = d, use that. However, we also have the option to replace a position that we previously replaced with a digit from B (if we had already used r digits). In that case, the 'original' we compare to is the replaced digit? Actually, if we have already performed the greedy with all digits from R (including d but d unused), we have a string where some positions were replaced with digits from B. If we now force d to be used, we could either replace a position that currently has its original digit (unchanged) or replace a position that has been replaced with a digit from B (which is larger than original). If we replace a replaced position, we would overwrite that larger digit with d, which likely causes a bigger loss because we lose the improvement. But maybe we could then take the digit that was replaced (say x) and use it to replace another position further right that currently has a smaller digit? This could be beneficial. So it's more nuanced: forcing d might require reshuffling the assignments.

Thus, to handle this correctly, we should treat the problem as: we have a multiset of digits R (including d). We want to select a subset of size at most N that includes d, and assign them to positions to maximize the final number. This is essentially a problem of finding the lexicographically largest string after performing up to N replacements using digits from a given multiset, with one required digit. This can be solved by a greedy algorithm that processes positions from left to right, maintaining a multiset of digits (including d) that we have not yet used, but with the twist that we might want to "reserve" d for later if it's small. However, we can think in terms of the following:

- We can first compute the optimal string if we were allowed to use any digits from R (without the mandatory requirement). That string is obtained by the greedy: at each position from 1 to N, if the largest remaining digit in R is > S[i], replace and discard that digit; else leave. This yields some string F0 and a set of used digits. Let U be the set of used digits (multiset). Let R_used = U. The digits not used are R_rem = R \ U.

- If d is in U, then we are done; F0 is optimal and uses d.

- If d is not in U, then d ∈ R_rem. In this case, we must modify the solution to include d. The new string F1 will be different from F0. How much can we improve? We have to replace some position with d, and possibly discard some other digit from U to keep total replacements ≤ N? Actually, we have the option to increase the total number of replacements: we used r = |U| replacements, and we have N positions, so we can still add one more replacement if r < N. Since d is not used, we could simply replace an unchanged position with d, even if d ≤ S[i] (causing a loss). But if r = N already, we cannot add; we must replace one of the existing replacements with d, effectively swapping d for some digit x in U. That would give a new set of used digits: (U \ {x}) ∪ {d}. We would then reassign these digits to positions. Since the greedy assignment for a given set of digits is to assign them to positions in descending order (and only where they improve), we need to evaluate which swap yields the best final string.

Given that N and M are up to 1e6, and digits only 0-9? Actually 1-9, so only 9 different values. That means the multiset of digits can be represented by counts. So we can do a frequency-based approach.

We can think in terms of counts: For each digit v from 9 down to 1, we have count_available[v] = count from B plus 1 for d if that digit equals v. But d is a specific digit, so we can treat it separately. We need to decide how many of each digit we actually use as replacements, with the constraint that the total used replacements is ≤ N, and that we use at least one digit of value d (the mandatory one). And we need to assign them optimally to positions.

Given that digits are only 1-9, we can iterate over the positions and decide which digits to place. Another approach: we can compute the final string directly by considering that we can replace any digit with a larger one from the pool, but we also have to "sacrifice" one position to place d if it's not used. Since d is a single digit, we can try to find the best position to "insert" d into the optimal replacement plan. This insertion may involve adjusting the replacements.

Let's consider the scenario where d is not used in the greedy with full R. That means d is less than or equal to the original digits at all positions that were considered? Actually, the greedy didn't use d because when we processed positions from left to right, the largest digit in R was always > S[i] for some positions? But d was not the largest? Actually, we used digits from B that were larger than S[i] at certain positions. If d was not used, it means that at every step, either the largest digit available (which could be from B) was > S[i] and was used, or if the largest was ≤ S[i], we didn't replace and that digit (maybe d) remained. So d remained unused either because it was never the largest, or because it was ≤ S[i] when it became the largest. More concretely, after greedy, we have a set of used digits (all from B). d is left. So we have an opportunity to potentially improve the string by swapping d with one of the used digits if d is larger than that digit? But if d were larger than some used digit, then that used digit would not have been used because greedy uses the largest first. Actually, greedy always uses the largest digit available. So if d were larger than any used digit, it would have been used first. Therefore, d must be ≤ all used digits. That means d is small relative to the digits we have used. So d is not larger than any of the used digits. So d is at most the smallest used digit.

Thus, the used digits U are all greater than or equal to d (since d ≤ each used digit). Moreover, some of them might be equal to d? If there is a digit equal to d in B, then d would have been used if it was the largest? Not necessarily: if there are multiple digits equal to d, and greedy might have used one of them, but the mandatory d is the one from T[M]; but if there are other d's in B, they are considered as part of R. So if d is equal to some digits in B, and if those digits were used, then the mandatory d might still be unused because we used other copies. In that case, we have duplicates. So d might be equal to some used digits. So d ≤ each used digit.

Now, we must include d. We have two possibilities:

- If r < N, we can add d as an extra replacement on a position that is currently unchanged. Since d ≤ original digit at that position (otherwise we would have replaced it with d if it were larger? Actually if d > original at some unchanged position, then during greedy, when we processed that position, the largest digit available (which could be from B) might have been > original, so we replaced with a larger digit from B, leaving d unused. But if d > original, then d would have been larger than original, and since we had d available, why didn't we use it? Because at that time, there was an even larger digit from B available, which we used. So after using that larger digit, d remains. That position now has a new digit (the replacement) which is > d. So if we later consider adding d to this position, it would be a downgrade. But we could consider adding d to a different unchanged position where original > d. That would be a downgrade. So adding d as a new replacement on an unchanged position will always either leave the digit unchanged (if original == d) or reduce it (if original > d). Since we are forced to include d, we might have to accept a reduction. But maybe we can instead swap d with a used digit (i.e., replace a used digit with d, and then use that used digit to replace another unchanged position, potentially mitigating the loss). This could be better.

- If r = N, we must swap d with a used digit.

Thus, we need to consider the optimal swap or addition.

Because digits are small, we can simulate all possible swaps by considering the positions and the counts.

Let's denote:

- After greedy with full R (including d), we have used digits U (multiset). Let the final string be S_g. Actually we can compute Greedy(R) directly: iterate i=1..N, keep a priority queue (max-heap) of available digits (counts). For each i, if max_available > S[i], then set S[i] to that digit, decrement its count. This yields S_g and the leftover counts. This is O(N log 9) = O(N). But we need to handle the mandatory inclusion of d. So let's compute this greedy and then see if d was used (i.e., its count decreased). If not, we need to adjust.

But note: the greedy algorithm we just described is for using R without any mandatory requirement. This gives the best possible string given we can use any digits from R, but we are not forced to use all. This is optimal because we only replace when beneficial. So if d is not used, the current string S_g is optimal among strings that use only digits from R (with no forced inclusion). Since we must include d, we need to find the best string that includes d, which might be worse than S_g. The optimal such string can be found by considering the best way to modify S_g to include d.

Thus, we can start from S_g. Let r be the number of replacements made (i.e., number of digits used from R). Let remaining digits in R (unused) be R_rem. Among them is d (if d not used). Also there might be other digits from B that were not used (they are all ≤ the original digits where we didn't replace, because otherwise they would have been used). We need to incorporate d.

Case A: We have capacity (r < N). Then we can simply add one more replacement: choose a position j (currently with digit D_j) and replace it with d. But we must decide which j. We can choose any position, but we want the final number as large as possible. Since d is small (d ≤ all used digits), adding d will not increase the number; it can only keep it same (if D_j == d) or decrease it. To minimize damage, we should choose a position where the resulting digit is as large as possible after replacement, i.e., we want to minimize the loss. That means we want to replace a digit D_j with d where D_j is as close to d as possible, and the position is as far right as possible (least significant). If there is any position with D_j = d, we can replace that position with d (no change), and we satisfy the requirement without any loss. So we should check if there exists any position where the current digit (either original or replaced) equals d. If so, we can replace that position with d (which is identical) and we are done; the final string remains S_g. That is optimal because it yields the same number as S_g, which is the best possible without forced inclusion, and now we have included d. So if we can find a position with digit equal to d, we can use that as the dump? Actually we must place d on some position; if that position already has d, then placing d there doesn't change it, and we satisfy the condition. So we can just do that. Is that always possible? Maybe there is no position with digit equal to d. Then we need to replace a position where the digit is > d, causing a decrease. We want to minimize the decrease. The decrease in number is determined by the magnitude of the difference and the significance of the position. Since we want to minimize the overall impact, we should replace the rightmost position with the smallest possible difference, i.e., the digit that is the smallest among all digits that are > d (so that the reduction is minimal), and among those, the rightmost one. Because replacing a more significant position with a smaller digit would cause a larger drop. So we can scan from right to left, find the earliest (rightmost) position where the current digit is the smallest possible greater than d. But we might also consider that we could replace a digit that is already a replacement from B; that might be larger than original. But we can also consider the possibility of swapping instead of just adding.

If we add a replacement, we are using one extra digit from R_rem (d) and not removing any used digit. This is allowed only if r < N. Since we have capacity, we can do this. So we can compute the best possible string by taking S_g and then modifying one position (the best to downgrade) to d. This yields a candidate.

But is it possible that doing a swap (replacing a used digit with d, and then using the swapped-out digit to replace an unchanged position) yields a better result than simply adding d to a position? Let's analyze. If r < N, we have capacity to add d without removing any used digit. So we can keep all used digits and add d. That gives r+1 replacements. The resulting string is S_g with one digit changed to d (which could be lower). Alternatively, we could swap: remove a used digit x (x > d) from its position, and put d there, and then use x to replace some other position (currently unchanged) where x > original. That would also result in r+1 replacements (since we remove x and add d, but then we add x elsewhere, so net change in replacements is 0? Actually originally we had r replacements. After swap: we replace the position of x with d (so that's still a replacement), and we add a new replacement with x on another position. So total replacements become r+1. So same number of replacements as adding d directly, but we also get to use x on another position. This might be beneficial if x can improve that other position more than the loss from changing x's position to d. So this could yield a better final string than just adding d to a position while keeping all other digits unchanged. For example, suppose we have an unused position with original digit y, and we have x > y, and the original digit at x's position is a (which we replaced with x), and we replace that with d (d < a). The net change: at position of x, we go from x to d (loss), at position of y, we go from y to x (gain). If the gain outweighs the loss, it could be better. Therefore, we need to consider this possibility.

However, note that in the greedy with R, we already used the best set of digits to replace positions. The fact that d was not used means that d is small. The greedy already used all digits from B that were larger than some original digits. The digits left unused in B are all ≤ the original digits at positions where we didn't replace (or equal to some but not beneficial). So if we want to add d, we might also consider swapping d with one of the used digits and then reusing that used digit on an unchanged position where it is larger than the original. That could potentially lead to a better outcome than just putting d on a position directly. So we need to evaluate which action yields the best string.

Given only 9 digit values, we can enumerate the possibilities by considering the counts of digits and the positions.

Another viewpoint: The problem is essentially to find the lexicographically largest string of length N such that we can obtain it by taking S and performing up to N replacements with digits from R, with the constraint that we must use the digit d at least once. This is like we have a threshold digit d. The optimal string F must satisfy that there exists a selection of digits (including d) that produces F. We can think of constructing F greedily from left to right, deciding what digit to place, given the remaining available digits.

We can design a greedy algorithm that processes positions from left to right and decides, for each position, the best digit we can achieve, considering that we must eventually use d. We can maintain counts of available digits from B, and also keep track of whether we have already used d. This is similar to a classic "largest number with limited replacements" but with a mandatory specific digit.

We can do the following:

- Let cnt[1..9] = counts of digits from B.
- Let mandatory = d.
- We will build the result string F of length N.
- For each position i from 1 to N, we try to assign the largest possible digit that can lead to a feasible solution (i.e., we can still use mandatory later if not yet used). The decision is: if we haven't used mandatory yet, we might want to consider putting a digit from 9 down to 1, but we must ensure that we can still place mandatory somewhere later. Since we don't care about the exact later positions as long as we can place mandatory, we can check feasibility: after assigning a digit to the current position, we need to ensure that the mandatory digit (if not used) can be placed in some later position, possibly replacing a digit, and that we have enough replacements left (total allowed replacements ≤ N, but we are already counting replacements as we assign). However, we also have the ability to not replace a position (i.e., keep original). So we are deciding for each position whether to replace it with a digit from our pool (cnt or mandatory) or keep original. We want to maximize lexicographically.

This is reminiscent of a problem where we have a multiset of letters and we want to form the lexicographically largest string by replacing characters, with constraints on the number of replacements. That can be solved by a greedy using a stack or something. But here we also have the original string that we can choose to keep.

Let's formalize: We have positions 1..N. For each i, we have original digit s_i. We have a pool of digits (cnt, plus mandatory d not yet used). At each step, we can either keep s_i, or replace it with a digit from the pool (taking it). We want the final string to be maximal. This is like we have a budget of replacements (up to total available digits, but we cannot use more than the pool size). The standard greedy for maximizing lexicographic order (without mandatory) is: for i from 1 to N, if the largest available digit is > s_i, then use it (replace), otherwise keep s_i. That yields the optimal string. Now with mandatory d, we need to ensure that d is used somewhere. So we can modify: if at some point, if we have not used d yet, we might consider using d even if it's not the largest, to avoid being forced later to use it in a worse position. The decision is like: we want to use the largest digits first, but we have to make sure that d is used eventually. Since d might be small, we would prefer to use it as late as possible (rightmost position) to minimize its impact. So the optimal strategy is: use all beneficial digits from B as early as possible (as in the greedy), and then if d is not used, we force it into the rightmost possible position that minimizes damage. But the possibility of swapping (using d in place of a used digit and shifting that used digit to a later position) might be considered as part of this: if we use a large digit early, we might later have a position where that large digit could be used more beneficially than the digit we forced d into. However, the standard greedy already places the largest digits at the earliest positions where they are better than original. That is optimal for maximizing the number. If we later want to insert d, we would have to either replace a later position with d (causing a loss) or replace an earlier position with d and move a large digit later. Moving a large digit to a later position is almost always worse because the earlier position is more significant. For example, suppose at position 1, we replaced with 9 (from B) because 9 > s1. If we later want to insert d=5, we could replace position 1 with 5 and move the 9 to a later position where original digit is, say, 2. Then we get 5...9 vs 9...5. Since 9...5 is larger than 5...9 because the leftmost digit is more important, it's better to keep the large digit early. So swapping a large digit from an early position to a later position in order to accommodate a small digit early is never beneficial. Therefore, the optimal way to include a small mandatory digit is to put it as far right as possible, and not to displace a larger digit from a more significant position. Thus, the best strategy when d is not used in the greedy is to either:

- If there is a position with digit equal to d (either original or replaced), we can use d there with no loss (just place d on that position, overwriting if needed but resulting in same digit). In that case, we can keep the greedy result unchanged.
- Otherwise, we need to replace the rightmost position where the current digit is as small as possible (but still > d) with d, causing a loss. This is because replacing a more significant digit would cause a larger loss. Also, we could consider the possibility of using d to replace a position that was originally replaced with a digit from B, but that digit might be larger than the original at that position. The loss would be (that digit - d). But if we instead replace a different unchanged position with d, where the original digit is smaller, the loss might be smaller. Since we want to minimize loss, we should choose the position where the current digit is minimal among all digits > d, because the loss amount is smaller, and among those, the rightmost (least significant). If there is a position with digit equal to d, we already took it. So the loss-minimizing position is the one with the smallest digit that is > d, and if multiple, the rightmost. This is straightforward.

But we also need to consider if r = N (i.e., we already used all N replacements with digits from B, meaning we replaced all positions? Actually we can have at most N replacements, but we may not have replaced all positions; we may have left some unchanged because no digit was larger. But if r = N, then we have used exactly N digits from R, meaning we replaced every position? Not necessarily: r is the number of replacements made, which is at most N. Since we have only N positions, r cannot exceed N. If r = N, that means we replaced all N positions. That means for every position i, we replaced with a digit from R (because we only replace if digit > original, so all original digits must have been less than some digit in R). In that case, there are no unchanged positions. Then the only way to include d is to replace one of the replaced positions with d (swap). Since we have no spare capacity, we must remove a used digit x and put d in its place. The removed digit x can then be discarded (since we cannot add more replacements). So we would have a set of used digits (U \ {x}) ∪ {d}. The final string is then obtained by reassigning these digits to positions optimally. But note that the greedy assignment we did (with all digits R) resulted in a particular assignment. If we now swap x for d, we might need to reassign. However, since we are only removing one digit x and adding d, and x > d (since d was not used, all used digits are ≥ d, but could be equal? If x = d, then we could simply swap with a copy of d, but then we still have d used; but if there is an unused d in R, we could just replace that copy? Actually if x = d, then d was used, so the mandatory d would have been used. So in the case d not used, all used digits are > d. So x > d. So replacing x with d will reduce the digit at that position from x to d. Since we have to leave the other positions as they are (the assignment of other digits to positions is fixed by the greedy? But we could reassign all digits to try to mitigate the loss. However, the greedy with the new set of digits (U\{x}∪{d}) would produce a different assignment. Since we have to use exactly those digits, the optimal assignment is to sort them descending and assign to positions where they improve (i.e., the same greedy algorithm). So the final string after forced inclusion of d is the result of the greedy on the multiset (U\{x}∪{d}) for all positions, with the same original S. But note that U already came from greedy on R; we are considering swapping x for d. The resulting multiset is essentially R' = (R \ {x}) (since d was not used, R contained d and x; we remove x and keep d). But we could also choose any x from U (which are digits from B that were used). We need to choose x to maximize the final string after re-greedy. Since digits are small, we can compute the result for each possible x (9 values) and pick best. This can be done efficiently because we only have to consider the counts of digits used.

Given the small digit range (1-9), we can do the following overall algorithm:

1. Count frequencies of digits in B: cntB[1..9].
2. Let d = T[M].
3. Create a multiset R that includes cntB and one extra count for d. So cntR = cntB; cntR[d]++.
4. Perform greedy replacement using cntR on S to get optimal string F_g and also track which digits were used (the counts of used digits) or the remaining counts. We'll need to know if d was used (i.e., whether the count of d decreased in cntR after greedy).
   - How to do greedy efficiently: For i from 1 to N, we need the largest digit > S[i] that is available. Since digits are from 1 to 9, we can just maintain an array of counts. For each i, we can loop from 9 down to S[i]+1 to find the largest digit with positive count. That's O(9*N) = O(N), acceptable. So we can compute F_g and the used counts (or remaining counts). Specifically, we can simulate: for i in 1..N, for v from 9 down to S[i]+1, if cntR[v] > 0, then set F[i]=v, decrement cntR[v], break; else set F[i]=S[i]. This gives the greedy string F_g. At the end, cntR_remaining is the counts of unused digits from R.
5. If cntR_remaining[d] == 0 (meaning d was used), then F_g is the answer (since mandatory is satisfied).
6. Else (d not used), we need to adjust.

Now, we need to compute the best string that includes d. We'll consider two cases:

- If there is a position in F_g where the digit equals d, then we can "place" d there (by replacing that position with d, but it's already d, so no change). Since we must use d, we can simply consider that we use the mandatory token on that position, and the string remains F_g. However, note that in the greedy, we might have used some digit from B that is also d? If cntB[d] > 0, then d might have been used from B. But the mandatory d is a specific token from T[M]; we need to ensure that token is used. In the greedy, we used digits from R, which includes that mandatory d. If we used a digit d from R, it could have been either from B or the mandatory one. But we have no way to distinguish, but it's fine as long as the token for d is used. Since we are using a d from R, and R's count of d includes the mandatory one, if we used any d, then the mandatory token is used. So if cntR_remaining[d] == 0, we are fine. In the case cntR_remaining[d] > 0, it means we did not use any d from R, so the mandatory token is unused. Therefore, we need to force its use. If there is some position with digit d in F_g, that means the digit d appears in the final string already. However, that d may have come from original S (if S[i]==d) or from a replacement using some other digit? Actually if we replaced with d, that would have used a d token. But since no d token was used, any d in F_g must be original S[i] (since we only replace with digits > original, so we never replace with a digit smaller than original, so if we replace, the new digit is > original. So if original is d, we might keep it; if we replace, the new digit is > d. So d in F_g can only come from original S[i]==d, or from replacement where d was used? But we said no d token used, so d cannot appear as a replacement. So any d in F_g must be original S[i]. So there exists an original digit equal to d. In that case, we can simply place the mandatory d token on that position (since it's already d, it doesn't change the digit). But does that satisfy the operation? Yes, we choose that position at step M and set it to d; it already is d, so no change. So we effectively use the mandatory token without affecting the string. So we can consider that we can achieve F_g as the final string by placing the mandatory token on a position that already has digit d. Therefore, if there is any position where S[i]==d (original) or where we could have placed d without change? Actually, note: after greedy, some positions may have been replaced with larger digits, so they are no longer d. Only original positions with d remain. So if there exists any i such that S[i]==d (and we didn't replace it because no larger digit was available or we didn't bother), then we can place T[M] on that i, and the string remains F_g. So if there is an original digit equal to d, we are done (answer = F_g). But wait: if we replace a position with a larger digit, we could also choose to not replace it and keep original d, but that would make the string smaller (since we lose the larger digit). So we wouldn't do that. However, we can still place T[M] on a position that originally had d, even if we replaced it later? Actually, if we replaced it with a larger digit, then that position no longer has d. To use d, we could leave it as original d (not replace it at all) and place T[M] there, but then we lose the improvement. That would be suboptimal. So the existence of an original digit d does not automatically give us a free slot because we might have replaced that position with a larger digit. We need to check if there is any position that remains with digit d after the greedy. That includes positions where S[i]==d and we did not replace them (because no larger digit was available or we chose not to replace because the largest available was not > d). In the greedy, we only replace if there is a digit > S[i]. So if S[i]==d, we replace it only if there is a digit > d available. If there is, we will replace it (since we always replace with the largest > current). So after greedy, any position that originally had d and had a larger digit available will be replaced with something larger, so it no longer has d. Only those original d positions that had no larger digit available (i.e., all digits in R are ≤ d) will remain as d. So if such a position exists, we can put the mandatory token there without affecting the string. So we can conclude answer = F_g in that case. So we need to check if after greedy, there is any position with digit equal to d. That includes original digits and also possibly if we replaced with d? No, we never replace with d because we only replace with larger digits. So only original digits can be d. So check if any original S[i]==d and that position was not replaced in greedy. We can track that easily: during greedy, we note which positions we replaced. So after greedy, we can quickly check if there is any index i where F_g[i]==d. If yes, we can output F_g.

If not, then we must modify the string to include d. Now, we have two possibilities for adjustment:

- If the number of replacements made (r) < N, we can add one more replacement (using d) on some position. We want to choose the position that minimizes loss. Since we have capacity, we can turn an unchanged position (i.e., one where we kept original) into d. This will likely reduce the digit (since original is > d, because otherwise we would have replaced it if there were a larger digit? Actually, if original < d, then d would be larger, and the greedy would have used d if it were available (since d is available, and we would have replaced that position with d if d > original and d is the largest available? But if there were digits larger than d, they would be used first. So it's possible that a position with original < d remains unchanged because all larger digits (including d) might have been used on earlier positions? But d is unused, so we still have d. If there is a position with original < d, then during greedy, when we reached that position, d was available. Since d > original, we would have replaced it with d (or with a larger digit if available). But we didn't use d, so either we used a larger digit instead, or we didn't replace because we had no larger digit? But we had d, which is larger, so we would have used it. So if a position with original < d existed, d would have been used. Since d is unused, there cannot be any position with original < d that we didn't replace. Therefore, all positions that are unchanged must have original >= d. Also, some positions might have been replaced with digits > d, so they have > d. So all positions have digit >= d. So any position we turn into d will cause a reduction (or stay same if digit == d, but we already ruled out). So we need to pick the position where the reduction is minimal. The reduction amount is current_digit - d. The current digit is either original (if unchanged) or replaced digit (if changed). But note that if we choose a replaced position, we would be overwriting a larger digit with d, causing a loss. But we also have the option to instead remove that larger digit and use it elsewhere? No, because we have capacity to add d without removing any used digit (r < N), so we can keep the replaced digit and also add d somewhere else. If we choose a replaced position, we would be overwriting a digit that we intentionally improved, with d (smaller), which would waste that improvement. That would likely be worse than overwriting an unchanged original digit that is already smaller. Because the replaced digit is larger than original, so the loss is greater. So we should only consider unchanged positions (where we kept original). So we look for an unchanged position (original) with digit > d, and among those, we want the one with the smallest digit (i.e., closest to d) and the rightmost such position (to minimize significance). Also if there is an unchanged position with digit == d, we would have already used it; but we ruled that out. So we pick the best candidate.

If r = N, that means we have replaced all positions (since each position either replaced or unchanged; r=N means we replaced exactly N positions? Actually r is the number of replacements made, which cannot exceed N. If r=N, then all positions have been replaced. So there are no unchanged positions. So the only option is to replace one of the replaced positions with d, i.e., swap d with one of the used digits. In this case, we need to consider the possibility of removing a used digit x and putting d in its place, then the removed digit x is not used (since we have no capacity to add another replacement, because we already used N replacements; we cannot exceed N). So the new set of used digits is (U \ {x}) ∪ {d}. We then need to compute the best string achievable with this set (which will be the greedy on this set with original S). Since r=N, we have used all available digits? Not necessarily: we used N digits from R; R may have more than N digits. But we used only the ones that were beneficial. So U is a subset of R of size N. In this case, after removing x and adding d, we still have a set of size N. So we perform greedy on that set to get the best string. Since digits are small, we can try all possible values of x (1..9) that are present in U, compute the resulting string, and take the best. Note that we can compute the greedy for a given multiset quickly using counts, but doing it for each x would be O(9*N) which is fine. However, we also have to consider that maybe we don't have to swap; if r = N, we cannot add an extra replacement, so swapping is the only option.

But wait, there is also the possibility that r = N and there is an unchanged position with digit == d? No, if r=N, all positions are replaced, so there is no unchanged position. So we must swap.

Thus, the algorithm:

- Do greedy with cntR (including d) on S, produce F_g and cntR_rem (remaining counts). Also record r = number of replacements made.
- If cntR_rem[d] == 0, output F_g.
- Else (d not used):
   - If there exists any index i such that F_g[i] == d, then we can output F_g (since we can place mandatory on that position without change). This condition is equivalent to: there exists i where S[i]==d and we did not replace it (because we never replace with d). So we can check during greedy: whenever we don't replace a position with S[i]==d, we can note that. Alternatively, after greedy, check if any F_g[i]==d.
   - Else:
        - If r < N:
            // We can add d as an extra replacement on an unchanged position.
            // Find the best unchanged position: from right to left, look at positions j where we did not replace (i.e., F_g[j] == S[j]) and S[j] > d. We want the one with the smallest S[j] (i.e., minimal positive difference S[j]-d), and among those the rightmost (since less significant). But we also need to consider that we might also consider replaced positions if they have a digit lower than some unchanged? But replaced digits are > original and usually larger than d, so they are larger than unchanged digits? Not necessarily; unchanged digits could be 8, replaced could be 9. So smallest digit among all positions is the minimum over F_g. We want the smallest digit that is > d, to minimize loss. That might be either unchanged or replaced. But if we pick a replaced position, we lose the improvement, but we gain nothing else (since we have spare capacity, we could still keep the improvement? Actually if we pick a replaced position, we overwrite a digit that is larger than original, and we don't use the large digit elsewhere. So the loss is (replaced_digit - d). If we instead pick an unchanged position with a smaller original digit, the loss is (original - d). Since original <= replaced_digit (because replaced_digit > original), the loss from unchanged could be smaller. So we should pick the position with the smallest current digit overall, as long as it's > d. That will be the minimal loss. Among those, choose the rightmost to minimize significance. So we can scan from right to left, keep track of the smallest digit encountered that is > d, and take the rightmost occurrence of that digit. Then we set that position to d. But note: if we choose a replaced position, we also need to consider that the digit we are removing (the used digit) is now available again? But we have capacity to add d, not to add another replacement. If we overwrite a replaced position, we essentially revert that replacement and also place d. The used digit is lost; we don't reuse it because we already have enough replacements? Actually we already used r replacements. If we overwrite a replaced position with d, we are still using d as a replacement, and we are removing the previous replacement digit from use. So total replacements remain r (since we are not adding a new replacement; we are just changing the digit on a replaced position). That means we are not using the spare capacity; we are swapping d with the used digit at that position. This is essentially a swap, not an addition. If r < N, we could also choose to add d on an unchanged position, increasing r to r+1, which might be better than swapping because we keep the large digit. So we should compare the two options: add d on an unchanged position vs swap d with a used digit (and discard that used digit). Since we have spare capacity, adding is better because we keep the used digit. Therefore, we should only consider adding on unchanged positions when r < N. So the algorithm: if r < N, we add d to an unchanged position with minimal loss (smallest digit > d, rightmost). (If there are no unchanged positions? That would mean r=N, but we are in r<N, so there must be at least one unchanged position). So we do that.
        - else (r == N):
            // Must swap d with one of the used digits (since no unchanged positions). We'll try all possible digit values x (1..9) that appear in U (used digits). For each x, we compute the new multiset: take R, remove one occurrence of x, and add d. Note that in R we already had d but it was unused; actually, U is the set of used digits from R. So the new multiset for replacement is (R \ {x})? Wait, we want to use d, and we lose one x. Since R originally had cntR, and we used U (size N). The remaining R_rem includes d and maybe other digits. To get a set that includes d and excludes one x, we can take the original multiset R, subtract one x (from the used digits), and then we will use d instead. However, we also have the option to use all remaining digits? Since we need exactly N replacements (because we have N positions and we will replace all? Actually if r=N, we have already replaced all positions in greedy. The new set of digits we use must be of size N (since we will still replace all positions? Not necessarily; we could decide to not replace some positions in the new assignment? But if we have a set of digits of size N, the greedy will replace some positions and possibly leave some unchanged if no digit is larger. However, we are forced to use all these digits? In the problem, we have to use all tokens? Actually, we must use all tokens (M of them). But in our reduction, we are only using a subset of tokens for final digits; the rest are wasted. So the number of final digits (used tokens) can be less than N. So if r=N, it means we have used N tokens from R as final digits. After swapping, we still have N tokens (since we replace x with d). But we can choose to use only some of them? No, we must use all selected tokens? Actually, the selected tokens are exactly the ones we decide to be final on positions. We are free to choose any subset of R to be final, as long as total ≤ N. In greedy, we used exactly the digits that improved the string (only those that are > original at the time). So the number of used digits is r. If we now want to include d, we might decide to use d and drop x, resulting in a set of size r (if we swap and don't add extra) or r+1 if we add. In the case r=N, we cannot add extra because we would exceed N positions? Actually we can have up to N replacements. If we already replaced N positions, we cannot add another replacement without removing one, because there are only N positions. So we must replace one of the used digits with d. So the new set of used digits will have size N (same as before). But note: when we reassign these N digits to positions, the greedy might not use all of them if some are not larger than the original digits at the positions they would be assigned. Actually, the greedy algorithm: for each position from left to right, if the largest available digit is greater than S[i], we replace; otherwise we skip and keep original. So if we have a set of digits, we might not use all of them if they are not beneficial. But in our scenario, since we had r=N previously, the greedy with the original set U used all N digits (i.e., replaced all positions) because at each position we found a larger digit. That means for every position i, there was some digit in U larger than S[i]. When we swap x for d, we might lose that property; some positions might no longer have a larger digit. The greedy with the new set will only use digits that are beneficial, so it might leave some positions unchanged, and the number of used digits could be less than N. That's fine; we are not required to use all selected digits; we can waste them. But we must ensure that the mandatory d is used (i.e., it becomes a final digit on some position). So after reassignment, d must be used. In the greedy simulation, if d is larger than some original digit, it will be used; otherwise, it might remain unused, which we cannot have. So we need to ensure that in the new greedy, d gets used. Since we are swapping x with d, and x > d, it's possible that d is not beneficial anywhere, and the greedy might not use it. In that case, we would end up with d unused, not satisfying the mandatory requirement. So we need to force its use. But we can handle that by the same adjustment logic (i.e., after greedy with the new set, if d is unused, we force it in). However, since we are already in the scenario where we are trying to include d, we can instead directly consider that we will replace a specific position with d, and then use the other digits (the set without x) greedily on the remaining positions. This is similar to the addition case but with a swap: we choose a position to replace with d (overwriting whatever digit is there), and then we have the other digits (U\{x}) to use greedily on other positions. Since we are taking x out of the pool, we lose that digit. So we need to choose which position to put d and which x to remove to maximize the final string. This is analogous to: we have original S, we have a multiset of digits (B) and we must use d once. We can treat d as a mandatory replacement that must be placed on some position. Then we can use up to N-1 other digits from B (we can choose which ones) to replace other positions optimally. So we can solve it by: try all possible positions i where we put d (we need to consider i from 1 to N, but we can be smarter). For each i, we consider the best string we can get by replacing S[i] with d, and then on the remaining positions, using the optimal greedy with digits from B (i.e., without d) to maximize the rest (with the caveat that we can use up to N-1 replacements). Then take the max over i. Since N up to 1e6, but digits only 9, we can perhaps compute the best placement efficiently.

Let's adopt this approach: The mandatory replacement d must be placed somewhere. For each possible placement i, we set that position's digit to d (if we cannot improve it? Actually we might choose to place d on a position even if S[i] > d, causing a loss; we have to consider that). Then for the other N-1 positions, we can use the digits from B to improve them, using the standard greedy (only replace when beneficial). The optimal greed for the rest is independent of i except that we remove position i from consideration. So we can precompute the optimal string when using B on the full string, and then adjust for the forced placement of d. This is similar to the earlier idea but we need to consider all i.

We can compute the best possible string using B only (without d) on all positions, and also store information about replacements. Then for each possible i, we need to compute the effect of replacing S[i] with d and then applying B to the rest. However, directly iterating i would be O(N^2). But since digits are small, we can group positions by their original digit and their replacement status.

Observation: The optimal placement for d is either:

- On a position where it improves the current digit (i.e., d > current digit). This is beneficial.
- Or, if no such position, on a position where it causes the least damage: the one with the smallest current digit > d, and rightmost.

But we also have the interplay with B: when we put d on a position, we might be removing the potential for that position to be improved by a larger digit from B. So we should consider both.

A simpler idea: Since we already have the greedy with full R (including d), we can use that as a base and then adjust. That base gives us the best string without considering mandatory, but if d is not used, we need to make a small modification. The modification (either adding d on an unchanged position or swapping with a used digit) can be computed by examining the situation. We can compute the best string after modification by considering the minimal loss approach. This seems plausible and might be correct.

Let's test with sample2: S=191, T=998244353, so B = T[1..8] = 9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5 (since M=9, M-1=8). d = T[9]=3. cntR: 9:2,8:1,5:1,4:2,3:1 (from B) plus d=3, so 3:2. Greedy with R: Process positions:
i1: S=1, largest >1:9 -> replace with 9, cnt9 becomes 1. String:9..
i2: S=9, largest >9: none -> keep 9. String:99.
i3: S=1, largest >1:9 -> replace with 9, cnt9 becomes 0. String:999.
Remaining digits: 8,5,4,4,3,3? Actually we used two 9's, so left: 8,5,4,4,3,3. d=3 is still in remaining? Yes, we have two 3's (one from B, one from d). So cntR_rem[d] = 2, >0, so d not used. Check if any position with digit d=3 in F_g: F_g = "999", no 3. So we need to adjust. r = number of replacements = 2 (positions 1 and 3 replaced). N=3, so r < N. So we can add d as an extra replacement on an unchanged position. Unchanged position: position 2 (original 9). digit=9 > d=3. The loss would be 9-3=6. Since there is only one unchanged position, we replace it with d, giving "9 3 9" = 939. But sample output is 993, which is larger. So our addition gives 939, not 993. What about swapping? Since r<N, we could also swap d with a used digit (say remove one of the 9's and put d on that position) and then maybe use the freed 9 elsewhere? In this case, if we swap d with one of the 9's, say we remove the 9 from position1 and put d=3 there, and then we have an extra 9 to place somewhere. But since r<N, we have capacity to place the extra 9 on the unchanged position (position2, which is 9, but we could place it there? Actually position2 is 9, placing 9 wouldn't change. Or we could place it on position3? But position3 already has 9, we could replace it with 9 (no change). So the net effect would be: we replace position1 with 3 (d), and we keep the other 9's on positions2 and3. That gives 393? Actually original positions: after swap: pos1 becomes 3, pos2 stays 9 (we could also put the freed 9 on pos2 but it's already 9), pos3 remains 9. So string = 399? That's 399, worse. But we could instead swap d with the 9 on position3, giving 9 9 3 = 993. That is better! How can we achieve that? In our adjustment, we considered adding d on an unchanged position (position2) which gave 939. But if we swap d with the 9 on position3, we would be putting d on position3 and removing the 9 from there, but we have capacity to place that 9 elsewhere? We have spare position (position2) that is unchanged (9). If we put the freed 9 on position2, it stays 9 (no change). So final: pos1=9, pos2=9, pos3=3 -> 993. That's exactly sample output. So this is a swap that uses the spare capacity: we remove a used digit (the 9 at pos3) and put d there, and then we use that removed 9 to replace an unchanged position (pos2) but pos2 already has 9, so no change. However, this is effectively a swap: we replace a replaced position with d, and we also replace an unchanged position with the digit we removed (which might improve it if it were smaller, but here it's equal). So total replacements: we had r=2 originally; after this operation, we replace position3 with d (that's one replacement), and we also replace position2 with 9 (that's an additional replacement, since position2 was unchanged). So total replacements become 3, which is allowed since r<N. So it's adding d and also using the removed digit x to replace another position, leading to r+1 replacements. So it's not just adding d on unchanged; it's adding d and also adding x on another position. That's better.

Thus, the correct strategy when r < N is to consider adding d and possibly also using some digit from the used set to replace another unchanged position. That is, we can use d as a replacement on a position, and we can also reallocate the other digits (maybe moving a digit from one position to another) to improve the overall. But the greedy with full R already gave us an assignment. To include d, we might want to replace a digit that is currently used (say x > d) with d, and then use that x to replace a different position that currently has a smaller digit (possibly the original digit at that position). This is essentially a reassignment of digits in a different way than the original greedy.

Since we have the full multiset R, and we need to select a subset of size ≤ N that includes d, the optimal selection and assignment can be found by a different greedy that directly takes into account the mandatory d. We can think of the problem as: we have a multiset of digits; we want to choose a set of up to N digits that includes d, and then assign them to positions to maximize the number. This is equivalent to: we want to find the lexicographically largest string F such that for each i, F[i] ≥ S[i]? Not exactly, because we can make digits smaller if forced. But we can treat it as we want to maximize F.

Alternatively, we can use the following approach: because the digits are only 1-9, we can do a greedy construction from left to right, considering what digit we can set for each position, given the counts of available digits from B and the fact that we must use d eventually. At each position, we choose the largest possible digit that allows a feasible completion. This is similar to a greedy with lookahead.

Let's design such a greedy algorithm:

- Let cnt[1..9] = counts of B.
- Let mandatory = d, and mandatoryUsed = false.
- For i from 1 to N:
   - We consider values v from 9 down to 1, and decide if we can set F[i] = v in a way that we can still satisfy the mandatory requirement and not exceed the number of positions left.
   - For each candidate v, we need to check:
        - If we want to set F[i] = v, we need either v = S[i] (keep original) or we use a digit from the pool (cnt or mandatory) to replace.
        - The action consumes a digit from the pool if v != S[i].
        - After setting F[i] = v, we have i+1..N remaining. We need to ensure that we can still use the mandatory digit (if not yet used) in the remaining positions (either as a replacement or as original if original equals d). Also, we need to ensure that we have enough remaining digits to possibly replace other positions optimally? But we don't need to guarantee optimality; we just need to know if there exists any feasible completion (even if not optimal). The greedy will then pick the largest v for which a feasible completion exists. This is a typical approach for lexicographic optimization with constraints.

Since we only care about existence, we can compute the maximum possible string we can obtain given the remaining counts and mandatory requirement. But we need to check feasibility efficiently.

Let's think: For a given situation (remaining positions count rem = N-i+1, remaining counts cnt, mandatory flag), we want to know the maximum possible string from this point onward. But we are using greedy to construct, so we need to decide at each step the best v to place now. We can precompute some bounds? Since digits are small, we can do the following: for each candidate v, we assume we set F[i]=v, update counts (if replacement), and then check if it's possible to complete the rest such that mandatory is used, and that we don't exceed the number of replacements (we can't use more digits than we have). But "possible to complete" means we can assign digits to remaining positions in some way (even suboptimally) that respects the counts and mandatory. The worst-case completion that is always possible is: we can always keep original digits for the rest, and if mandatory not used, we can try to use it on some later position where original digit equals d (if any), or if none, we might have to replace a later position with d causing loss. But we need to know if such a completion exists without violating counts. For the feasibility check, we don't need to care about optimality of the rest, only that there exists any assignment that uses the mandatory digit at least once (if not yet used) and uses at most the available digits (can also waste digits). Since we can waste digits, the only constraint is that we have enough digits to cover the mandatory use if needed. If mandatory is not used yet, we must be able to place it on some remaining position. That means either there is a remaining position with original digit = d (so we can place d without using a digit from pool), or we have at least one digit in pool (including d itself? Actually d is the mandatory digit; if it's not used, it's still in the pool because we haven't used it. So we can always use d as a replacement on some position, as long as we have at least one position left. So feasibility is always possible as long as we have at least one position left to place d if not used. But we also need to consider the total number of replacements: we can only use a digit from pool if we have it. Since we have the mandatory digit itself, we can always place it on some position (by replacing). So it seems that for any candidate v, as long as we have enough digits to cover the replacements we already made, we can always complete somehow (by keeping original for the rest, and using mandatory on the last position if needed). But wait, we also have the constraint that we cannot use more digits than we have. Since we have a limited pool, if we use too many digits early, we might not have a digit left for mandatory if we need to replace a later position. But if mandatory is not used yet, we still have that digit in the pool, so we can always use it. So the only constraint is that we don't exceed the total count of digits in the pool. But we have exactly |B|+1 digits total (including d). We can use at most N of them. If we use more than that, it's impossible. So we need to ensure that we don't plan to use more digits than we have. For feasibility, we just need to ensure that the number of replacements we have made so far (including the current step) is ≤ total pool size, and also if we haven't used mandatory yet, we have at least one digit left (which is true because mandatory is still in pool). Also, we need to ensure that we don't exceed N replacements (since only N positions). But we are making replacements only when we set v != S[i]. So as long as the total number of replacements we end up making is ≤ min(N, |B|+1), it's fine. Since we can always waste extra digits by putting them on positions that we later overwrite? Actually waste happens by placing extra tokens on the same position; but in our final string, we only have one digit per position. So the number of final replacements (digits used as final) is the number of positions where we set a digit different from original. That number cannot exceed N. So we must have at most N replacements total. Our pool has up to M digits, which could be > N, so we can only use at most N of them as final. So we need to ensure that we don't use more than N final replacements. So in the greedy, we should limit the total number of replacements to N. But that's automatically enforced by the fact that we only replace when v > S[i] and we decide to replace; we can decide to not replace even if v > S[i] if we want to save digits for later. So the feasibility check should ensure that after placing the current digit, we can still complete the remaining positions with at most (remaining pool size) replacements, and satisfy mandatory.

We can implement a greedy that at each step tries to put the largest possible digit, but also considers that we must be able to use mandatory later. This can be done by scanning from left to right and using the following strategy:

- Keep counts of digits from B, and a flag whether mandatory d has been used.
- We will also keep track of the "best" we can do from each position if we ignore mandatory? This seems complicated.

Given the small digit range, we can also try a different approach: treat the mandatory digit as a special token, and we can think of the final string as the result of up to N replacements from the multiset R. The optimal string that uses d can be computed by considering all possibilities of which digit d replaces, but because digits are small, we can consider the following:

- Let's compute the optimal string that uses only digits from B (without mandatory). This gives a string F_B. Let the set of used digits from B be U_B.
- Now, we want to incorporate d. We can consider two types of improvements: either we use d to replace a digit in F_B that is smaller than d (i.e., upgrade a position), or we replace something else and potentially rearrange. Since d may be small, we might have to downgrade. But we can also consider using d to replace a digit in F_B and then use the replaced digit elsewhere. This is essentially we have one extra digit (d) and we want to incorporate it into the set of used digits. Since we already have the optimal set of digits from B, the best way to include d is to either add it to the set (if there is capacity) without removing any digit, or replace the smallest digit in the used set with d (if capacity is full) and then maybe use that smallest digit to replace an even smaller original digit elsewhere. But since we have capacity to add, we should add d and also possibly promote some other digit? Actually adding d without removing gives r+1 replacements. But we might also consider replacing a digit x in U_B with d and then using x to replace an original digit y that is smaller than x, giving also r+1 replacements. So we need to compute the best possible set of r+1 digits that includes d. This is similar to: we have a multiset of digits from B, we can select up to N digits, but we must include d. The optimal selection is: take the largest N digits from R = B∪{d} (since we want the largest digits), but we must also consider that we only want to use a digit if it can be placed in a position where it improves the number. The greedy algorithm that selects the largest digits and then assigns them in descending order to the leftmost positions where they are larger than the original is optimal for a given set. So to compute the best string with mandatory d, we can simply take the largest up to N digits from R (always including d, so we take d even if it's small) and then apply the greedy assignment to those digits. But we must ensure we don't take more than N digits. So the optimal set of digits to use is the top N digits from R, because we want the largest possible final digits. Is that always true? Suppose we have a small d that is not in the top N; if we force it in, we have to drop a larger digit, which seems harmful. But if we have capacity (less than N digits used), we can include d without dropping any large digit. So the best set is: use all digits from R that are among the top N (i.e., the top N digits), and if d is among them, good; if d is not among the top N, then to include d we must drop one of the top N digits (the smallest of them) and include d. That would replace a large digit with a small one, which is detrimental. But maybe we could use fewer than N digits? The greedy assignment may not use all N digits if some are not beneficial. Actually, if the top N digits are all larger than the original at some positions, we will use them all (if possible). But if some are not beneficial, we might skip them. The optimal selection is not simply the top N, because using a digit that is not larger than any original digit in the leftmost positions is wasteful. So we need to consider the original string: we should only use a digit if there exists a position where it is larger than the original (or equal? we don't use if equal). So the optimal set is not simply the top N; it's the set that results from the greedy algorithm on the multiset (i.e., the digits that end up being used in the greedy). That greedy algorithm effectively picks the largest digits that can be placed beneficially.

So our earlier greedy with full R already gave us the set of digits used (U). That set is the optimal one for the multiset R (without mandatory condition). If d is not in U, then U is the best set achievable when not forced to use d. To get the best set that includes d, we need to consider adding d to U (if |U| < N) or replacing the smallest digit in U with d and then possibly utilizing that smallest digit elsewhere (if |U| = N). But also, we might consider dropping a digit that is not the smallest if it leads to a better overall string after reassignment. Since digits are small, we can evaluate all possible changes by iterating over the digit values.

Given the small digit range, we can compute the best string by considering the multiset of used digits after including d. We can do this:

- Let cntB be counts of B. Let d be mandatory.
- We'll simulate the greedy algorithm for selecting digits from R, but with the condition that we must use d. Since the greedy naturally uses the largest beneficial digits, we can modify it to force d usage by potentially overriding a decision.

We can think of the following: We will iterate positions from left to right. For each position i, we consider if we should replace it with d (if d is not used yet) or with a larger digit from B. The optimal decision can be made by comparing the two options: using d now vs using a larger digit now and saving d for later. Since d is small, we might want to save it for later. But later might be worse. Let's try to design a concrete algorithm:

- We maintain counts of digits from B (cntB).
- We also have a variable used_d = False.
- We iterate i from 1 to N:
   - Let best = S[i] (default).
   - We want to see if we can replace with a digit > S[i] from the pool (including d if not used). Since we want to maximize, we should try the largest possible replacement.
   - Let candidate = largest digit v > S[i] such that (v is in cntB and cntB[v]>0) or (v == d and not used_d). If multiple, pick the largest.
   - If candidate exists, we might consider replacing with it. However, we must also consider that if candidate is d, using it now might be safe (since we need to use it). But if candidate is a larger digit from B, we might want to use that now and save d for later, because using d might be wasteful if we can use a larger digit now and still use d later on a different position. But since d is small, using it later might cause a loss. The greedy should be: use the largest digit available that is > S[i] regardless of d, because the goal is to maximize the leftmost digits. If that largest digit is d, we use it; if it's larger than d, we use it and keep d for later. This is exactly the same greedy as before (with full R). So if we run that greedy, we get the optimal string without forced use of d. That's F_g. Now if d is not used, we need to adjust. The adjustment might be: we used some digit x > d at some position; we could replace that x with d and move x to a later position where it might also be beneficial, or add d to an unchanged position. This is exactly the swap/add we discussed.

So we can compute F_g, and then compute the best adjustment to include d. The adjustment can be computed by considering the best possible string after "inserting" d, which might involve moving one digit from its current position to a later position. Since we have the greedy assignment, we can evaluate the effect of swapping d with a used digit, or adding d to an unchanged position, while also potentially moving the used digit to another unchanged position. This is essentially the same as computing the optimal string for the set (U_B ∪ {d}) if |U_B| < N, or for the set (U_B \ {x} ∪ {d}) for some x in U_B. Since U_B is the set of digits used in F_g (from B only), and we know the positions they occupy. For each candidate x (a digit value) that appears in U_B (or could be any digit we might remove), we can compute the best string we can get by using the multiset (U_B ∪ {d}) (if |U_B| < N) or (U_B \ {x} ∪ {d}) (if |U_B| = N). But we don't have to consider all x; we can compute the best outcome by trying to replace a digit in the final string with d and then re-run a greedy on the rest? Since N is large, we need an efficient way.

Given that digits are only 1-9, we can precompute for each possible digit value v, the positions in F_g where that digit appears. The adjustment will affect at most two positions: the position where we place d, and possibly another position where we place a digit that was previously used elsewhere. In the case of adding d to an unchanged position when |U_B| < N, we only change one position. In the case of swapping when |U_B| = N, we change two positions: the position that originally had x (now has d) and the position that previously had original y (which we now replace with x). But we can simulate these adjustments in O(9*N) or O(N) by scanning.

Alternate approach: Since the constraints are up to 1e6, an O(N) or O(9N) solution is acceptable. We can directly simulate the greedy with the mandatory inclusion by using a "reservation" technique. We can first run the greedy with R (including d) to get F_g. If d is used, we are done. If not, we need to adjust. To adjust, we can compute the best string by considering the following:

- Let r = number of replacements made in F_g.
- If r < N:
   - We have the possibility to add d as a replacement on some position. Additionally, we could also consider promoting a digit from a replaced position to an unchanged position? But that would be the same as swapping? Actually, with r < N, we can add d and also potentially move a used digit to a better position if that yields improvement. But note that in F_g, the used digits are already placed in the leftmost beneficial positions. Moving a used digit to a later position would likely degrade the string because it would replace a leftmost large digit with d and then place the large digit later, which might not compensate. So the best is simply to add d on the position that causes minimal damage, as we argued earlier? But sample2 shows that adding d on unchanged gave 939, while swapping (replacing a replaced digit with d and moving that digit to unchanged) gave 993, which is better. So adding d alone is not enough; we need to consider moving digits.

Thus, we need to consider a more general adjustment: We can choose any position to place d (call it p). Then for the remaining positions (excluding p), we will apply the greedy from B (i.e., using digits from B only) to maximize the rest. This is like: we fix the placement of d, and then run the standard greedy on the other positions with the B digits. This yields a string. Then we take the best over p. Since N up to 1e6, we cannot try all p. However, we can observe that the effect of placing d on position p only matters locally: the greedy for the rest is independent of p except that we remove that position from consideration and the digits from B are the same. So we can precompute the greedy result for the full string using B only (without d). Then for each p, we can compute the resulting string by adjusting the greedy to account for the fact that we forced d on p. This adjustment might be computed quickly if we know the structure of the greedy.

Let’s define:

- Let A = S (original). We will compute the greedy using B only (without d). Call this string F_B. Let U_B be the set of used digits (counts) and the positions where replacements occurred. In F_B, some positions are replaced, some are original.

Now, we want to place d on some position p. That means we set F[p] = d (overwriting whatever was there in F_B). After that, we have the multiset of digits available from B (the same as before; we have used some of them in F_B). However, by overriding a position p, we may either "free up" a digit that was previously used at p (if p was replaced in F_B) or we may not affect the digit pool (if p was original). But we also have the ability to reuse that freed digit elsewhere, since we can now potentially use it to replace another position (if beneficial). So the adjustment is not just setting F[p]=d; we need to re-optimize the assignment of digits from B in the remaining positions, considering that if we freed a digit, we can use it elsewhere.

Thus, it's like we have a base assignment (F_B) where some digits from B are placed at certain positions. We want to modify it by putting d at p, and then we can reassign the digits from B optimally across all positions except p. This is effectively: we have a set of digits from B (the same set as before, since d is separate), and we have N-1 positions (excluding p). The optimal assignment for those positions using B digits is given by the greedy algorithm on that reduced set of positions. However, the greedy algorithm on a subset of positions is not simply F_B with p removed; because the order of positions may change the greed? Actually, the greedy algorithm for a set of positions (the full string) processes left to right. If we remove position p, the order of the remaining positions remains the same (they shift? Actually the left-to-right order is preserved). So we could compute the greedy on the remaining positions with the same digit multiset. But then we need to do this for each p. That seems O(N^2). However, we can precompute the greedy from left to right and from right to left to allow quick recomputation.

Since the digits are small, we can use a technique: precompute, for each position i, the result of the greedy on the prefix [1..i-1] and suffix [i+1..N] using the same digit pool? But the greedy depends on the entire pool, and the pool is shared across prefixes and suffixes. However, we can treat the process as: we have a multiset of digits from B. The greedy assignment is monotonic: it uses digits in order, and the decision at each position depends only on the largest digit available at that time. If we remove a position, the decisions for earlier positions are unchanged, but later positions might change because the digits used earlier might be different (if the removed position had a replacement, that digit becomes available again). So we need to know for each position p, what would be the greedy on the string with p omitted.

Given the small digit range, we can compute the effect of removing a replacement at p (if any) and then re-running the greedy for the suffix after p. This can be done by processing from right to left to compute the optimal assignment for suffixes given a multiset. Alternatively, we can use a two-pass approach.

Because N is 1e6, we can afford O(9N) or O(N log 9). So we can try all p? No, N is 1e6, so O(N^2) is impossible. But we can try all p grouped by the digit at p in the greedy assignment (since there are only 9 digits). That might reduce the number of distinct cases. For each digit v, we can consider placing d on a position where the current digit (from F_B) is v. There are at most N positions, but we can compute the best outcome for each v efficiently by considering the effects on the string.

Let's think about the adjustment more systematically.

We have the optimal assignment using B only: string F_B. In this assignment, some positions have been replaced (let's call them "upgraded"), and some are original. The set of used digits from B is U_B. The number of used digits is r = |U_B|.

Now we want to include d. We have the full pool of B digits (size M-1), but we have already used r of them in F_B. The remaining digits from B are those not used (call R_B). We also have d.

We need to create a new assignment using digits from B ∪ {d}, with the requirement that d is used. Since we already have a good assignment F_B, we can try to improve it by adding d or swapping.

There are two scenarios:

- If r < N, we can use d as an extra replacement. But we must also consider the possibility of using d to replace a position that was already replaced, and then use that freed digit to replace another position (which might be better than just adding d to a virgin position). This is equivalent to: we select a set U' from B ∪ {d} of size r+1 (since we have capacity for one more replacement) that includes d, and then assign them optimally. The optimal set of size r+1 that includes d: we should take the r+1 largest digits overall? But careful: the assignment may not use all of them if some are not beneficial. The greedy algorithm will only use a digit if it is larger than the original digit at the leftmost position where it can be placed. So the optimal set of size r+1 is not simply the top r+1 digits; it's the set that the greedy would select from the multiset of B ∪ {d} if we run it without constraint. That gives exactly F_g (the greedy with full R). Since we already computed F_g and found that d is not used in F_g, that means the greedy with full R did not use d, implying that using the top r+1 digits from R (which would be the ones used in F_g, plus maybe d if it were among them) resulted in no d used. So the set of used digits in F_g is exactly the top r digits from R? Actually, in F_g, we used r digits from R (some from B, maybe none from d). Since d is not used, the used digits are the largest r digits from B that were beneficial. The next largest digit in R is d (or maybe some other B digit that was not used because it wasn't beneficial). So to include d, we need to replace one of the used digits with d and possibly also use an additional digit from the remaining (if capacity). The optimal might be to replace the smallest used digit with d, and then also use the next largest unused digit (if beneficial) as an extra replacement, because we have capacity r+1. But sample2: used digits in F_g were two 9's (largest). The smallest used digit is 9. d=3. The next unused digit from B (or from R) is 8. If we replace one 9 with d=3, we free a 9, and we also have capacity to add the 8 (since r+1=3). So we could use digits {9,8,3}? That would give final string after greedy: positions: S=191, with digits {9,8,3} sorted descending: 9,8,3. Assign: pos1:9 (S1=1, replace with 9), pos2:8 (S2=9, 8<9 so no replacement? Actually if we assign digits to positions optimally: we have digits 9,8,3. We process positions: pos1=1, the largest >1 is 9 -> replace with 9. pos2=9, largest >9 is none, so keep 9 (original). pos3=1, largest >1 is 8 -> replace with 8. So we get 9 9 8 = 998, which is better than 993. But wait, we have used digits 9,8,3; we placed 9 on pos1, 8 on pos3, and original 9 on pos2. The digit 3 is not used (since it wasn't beneficial). But we must use d=3. So we need to ensure d is used. In this set, d=3 is unused. So we need to force it. That would then require replacing one of the used digits with 3, leading to two possibilities: replace the 9 with 3 -> digits {9,8,3}? Actually we already have 3, but it's not used. To force use, we need to replace some digit with 3. If we replace the 9 on pos1 with 3, we have to use 3 somewhere, and then we have the freed 9 to use elsewhere? But we already have 8. Let's think: we want to use d=3. One way is to use set {9,8,3}. The greedy on full string with these digits: it will use 9 and 8 but not 3 (since 3 is not > any original). So mandatory not satisfied. So we need to modify the assignment to include 3. We could instead use set {9,8,3} but assign the digit 3 to a position even if it's not beneficial (i.e., force a downgrade). That could be done by placing 3 on position2 (original 9) to get 9 3 8 = 938, which is worse than 993. Or we could place 3 on position3 (original 1) but 3 > 1, so that would be beneficial! Wait, original at pos3 is 1, so 3 > 1, so if we place 3 on pos3, it's an improvement (1→3). But in our greedy, we placed 8 on pos3 because 8 is larger. If we instead place 3 on pos3, we would not use 8. So we could have set {9,3} with 8 unused? That would give 9 9 3 = 993. So the optimal is to use the two 9's and d=3 (since 3 > 1, it's beneficial). That yields 993. So the best set is {9,9,3}. That's the set we got from swapping: replace one 9 with d? Actually {9,9,3} includes d=3 and two 9's. In our initial greedy with R (including d), we used two 9's and left d unused. To get {9,9,3}, we need to include d and drop something? But we have three positions, we can use three digits: two 9's and d=3. That's exactly the set we have if we take the top three digits from R: 9,9,8? Wait R digits: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3 (two 3's). The top three are 9,9,8. But we want 9,9,3. So it's not simply top three. So the optimal set is not the top N digits; it's the set that maximizes the final number after forced inclusion of d. This set can be found by considering that we will use d as a replacement on a position where it is beneficial (if possible), and then use the other largest digits that are beneficial elsewhere. In sample2, d=3 is beneficial on pos1 or pos3 (since original 1 < 3). So we can use d on one of those, and use 9's on the other two. So the best set includes d and two 9's. That's exactly the set used in the final answer.

Thus, the strategy is: if d is beneficial (i.e., there exists a position where original digit < d), then we should use d as a replacement on the best possible position (leftmost where it improves), and then use the largest digits from B to improve other positions. This is simply the greedy with full R, but with d forced to be used because it is beneficial? But in the greedy with full R, d was not used because there were larger digits (9's) that were used instead. So to force its use, we may need to reserve it for a later position where it is still beneficial, but then we might not be able to use a larger digit on that position. This is like we intentionally skip using a larger digit on a position to allow d to be used on that position later. For example, in sample2, we want to use d on pos3 (or pos1) and use the two 9's on the other two positions. In the greedy with full R, the first position gets a 9 (largest). The second position is 9, unchanged. The third position gets the remaining 9 (largest available). So d remains. To force d, we could choose to not use the second 9 on pos3, but instead use d on pos3. So we would use only one 9 (on pos1) and d on pos3, and keep original 9 on pos2. That gives 9 9 3 = 993. So we intentionally forgo using the second 9 on pos3 (though it was beneficial) in order to use d. Is that beneficial? Using 9 on pos3 would give 999, but that's illegal because we must use d. So we have to make the trade-off. So the optimal is to replace the position where the benefit of using the largest digit is minimal (i.e., the rightmost beneficial position) with d, and use the largest digits on earlier positions. In other words, we should use the largest digits on the leftmost positions, and leave the rightmost beneficial position for d. This is exactly what we would get if we run the greedy with R but skipping the use of the largest digit on the last beneficial position, and instead use d there.

Generalizing: Let's consider the greedy with R that uses the largest digits. It produces a set of positions that are replaced. To incorporate d, we need to ensure d is used. Since d is small, it can only be beneficial on positions where original digit < d. If there are no such positions, then d is not beneficial anywhere, and we must downgrade a position (as before). If there are such positions, we can use d on one of them, but we might need to sacrifice the use of a larger digit on that position. So we need to decide which beneficial position to assign d to, and which larger digit to drop (or move to another beneficial position). Since we have limited positions, we want to use the largest digits on the most significant positions. d is the smallest among the digits we will use (since all larger digits from B are > d). So we want to put d in the least significant beneficial position, and use the larger digits on the more significant positions. This is akin to: process positions from left to right; at each position, if we have a digit larger than S[i] available, we may decide to use it; but we must ensure that we save d for a later position where it is beneficial. So we can implement a greedy that reserves d for the rightmost beneficial position.

We can modify the greedy with full R as follows:

- Perform the standard greedy, but keep track of the positions where we used a digit (i.e., replacements). If d is not used, we then consider "replacing" the last replacement (the rightmost replaced position) with d, and then using the digit that was there (say x) to possibly replace another position? But in sample2, the last replacement was on position3 (the rightmost), which used a 9. If we replace that with d=3, we get 9 9 3, which is the answer. So this works: if d is beneficial (i.e., there exists some position with original < d), then we can take the rightmost position that was replaced (in the greedy with full R) and replace it with d instead. But careful: In greedy, we replaced both pos1 and pos3 with 9's. The rightmost replaced is pos3. If we change that to d, we get 9 9 3 = 993. So correct. What if there are multiple replacements? The rightmost replacement is the least significant. So it's optimal to use d there.

If d is not beneficial (i.e., no original digit < d), then we cannot improve any position with d. In that case, the only way to use d is to downgrade a position. The best is to put d on the rightmost position where the current digit is as small as possible (i.e., minimal digit > d), which likely is an unchanged position (since replaced positions have larger digits). But we also might consider replacing a replaced position with d and then using the freed digit to upgrade a later position? That could be beneficial if the freed digit is larger than the original at a later position. For example, suppose original digits are all large, d is small, and we have used a digit to replace a position with a slightly larger digit. If we replace that position with d, we free a digit that could be used to replace a later position with an even larger original? Actually, if all originals are >= d, then any replacement from B is larger than original. So replaced positions have digits > original. If we replace a replaced position with d, we lose the improvement there. The freed digit could be used to replace another position that is currently unchanged but has original smaller than that digit. That could compensate. So we need to evaluate both possibilities.

Given the small digit range, we can compute the best final string by a direct approach: since there are only 9 digits, we can try all possibilities for which digit x is the one we "downgrade" (or equivalently, which digit we replace with d). More concretely, we can compute the optimal string for the case where we use d, by considering that we will apply the greedy on the set of digits (B ∪ {d}), but with the condition that we must use d. This is essentially the same as running the greedy on R, but if d is not used, we perform a "backward adjustment": we find the rightmost position where we can swap a used digit with d to improve the overall string. This is reminiscent of the standard algorithm for "Maximum Number After K Swaps" but simpler.

Given the complexity, I think it's easier to implement the following approach (since digits are only 1-9, O(N) is fine):

- Compute the greedy using B only (without d) to get F_B and the set of used digits U_B (counts). Also record for each position whether it was replaced and by which digit (or just store F_B).
- Now, we need to incorporate d. We will consider two options:
   1. Use d as a replacement on a position where it improves (i.e., d > original). This is only if d > S[i] for some i. We want to find the best placement. The best is to put d on the rightmost such position (since using a larger digit on earlier positions is more beneficial, we use larger digits from B on earlier positions). Formal: we should replace the rightmost position i where S[i] < d, and for which we have not already used a larger digit? Actually, we have F_B which may have replaced some positions with larger digits. The positions where S[i] < d are candidates for improvement by d. However, some of them may have been already replaced with even larger digits (from B). For those positions, replacing with d would be a downgrade, so we wouldn't do that. So we should consider positions that are currently unchanged (i.e., kept original) and have original < d, or positions that are replaced but with digit > d? The latter would be worse. So the best candidate is an unchanged position with original < d, and among those, the rightmost (least significant). If no unchanged position with original < d exists, then maybe all such positions have been replaced with larger digits. In that case, we could consider "freeing" a larger digit by replacing that position with d, and then using that larger digit to improve another position? But since we are trying to include d, it might be better to replace a replaced position (with digit x > d) with d, and then use x to improve some other position (maybe one that was unchanged but has original < x). This could yield a net gain. So we need to evaluate both: either add d to an unchanged beneficial position, or swap d with a used digit and then use that digit to add a new improvement.

Given the small digit range, we can compute the best outcome by considering all possible candidate positions for placing d (like all positions) but we can avoid O(N^2) by precomputing prefix and suffix information.

Another idea: Since the digits are 1-9, we can treat the problem as a resource allocation: we have counts of each digit in B. We need to decide the final string. We can do a dynamic programming over digits? Not exactly.

At this point, I think the most straightforward correct solution is to simulate the greedy with full R, and then if d is not used, we try to adjust by replacing the rightmost replaced position with d, or replacing the rightmost unchanged position with d, and take the best. But sample2 shows that replacing the rightmost replaced (position3) gives 993, which is correct. So perhaps the adjustment is always: if d is not used, then we replace the rightmost position that was replaced in the greedy with R (i.e., the last replacement made) with d. Let's test this hypothesis on other cases.

Consider sample1: N=3, S=191, T=325. Here B = {3,2} (since M=3, T[1..2]=32? Actually T="325", so T[1]=3, T[2]=2, T[3]=5. So B={3,2}, d=5. Greedy with full R (B∪{d}) = {3,2,5}. Sorted:5,3,2. Process: pos1=1 -> replace with 5, used 5. pos2=9 -> no replace. pos3=1 -> replace with 3 (largest >1 is 3). So F_g = 5 9 3 = 593. d=5 was used, so we are done. Output 593. Good.

Sample3: Let's test with given sample3 to see if this adjustment works. Sample Input 3:
N=11, M=13
S=31415926535
T=2718281828459
So T length 13, digits: 2,7,1,8,2,8,1,8,2,8,4,5,9 (maybe?). Actually T = "2718281828459". Let's list: 2,7,1,8,2,8,1,8,2,8,4,5,9. So d = T[13] = 9. B = first 12 digits: 2,7,1,8,2,8,1,8,2,8,4,5. So B has digits: 8 appears multiple times, 7,5,4,2,2,2,1,1. Let's compute greedy with full R (including d=9). S=3 1 4 1 5 9 2 6 5 3 5. (length 11). We need to see if d=9 is used. Since 9 is large, it will likely be used. If used, answer is greedy result. Sample output is 98888976555. Let's compute greedy quickly: We have digits available: 9,8,8,8,7,5,4,2,2,2,1,1 (plus maybe more? Actually B count: 8 appears? T: 2,7,1,8,2,8,1,8,2,8,4,5 -> 8 appears at positions 4,6,8,10? That's four 8's. So B: 8:4, 7:1, 5:1, 4:1, 2:3, 1:2. Plus d=9: 9:1. Total R: 9:1,8:4,7:1,5:1,4:1,2:3,1:2. Now process S:
i1: S=3. Largest >3:9 -> replace with 9. (use 9)
i2: S=1. Largest >1:8 -> replace with 8. (use 8)
i3: S=4. Largest >4:8 -> replace with 8. (use 8)
i4: S=1. Largest >1:8 -> replace with 8. (use 8)
i5: S=5. Largest >5:8? 8>5, so replace with 8. (use 8) Now all 8's used? We had 4 eights, used 4? Actually used at i2,i3,i4,i5 -> 4 eights, yes.
i6: S=9. Largest >9: none, keep 9.
i7: S=2. Largest >2:7? 7>2, replace with 7. (use 7)
i8: S=6. Largest >6: ? 5? 5<6, 4<6, so none, keep 6? But we have 5,4,2,2,2,1,1 left. No digit >6, so keep 6.
i9: S=5. Largest >5: none (5 not >5), keep 5.
i10: S=3. Largest >3:5? 5>3, replace with 5. (use 5)
i11: S=5. Largest >5: none, keep 5.
So resulting string: 9 8 8 8 8 9 7 6 5 5 5 = 98888976555? Actually we have: positions:1:9,2:8,3:8,4:8,5:8,6:9,7:7,8:6,9:5,10:5,11:5 -> string "98888976555". That matches sample output. So d=9 was used, no adjustment needed.

So the adjustment (replacing rightmost replaced with d) seems plausible for cases where d is not used and d is beneficial? In sample2, d=3 was beneficial (since S[1]=1<3, S[3]=1<3), and we replaced the rightmost replaced (pos3) with d. That gave correct answer.

Now consider a scenario where d is not beneficial (no original digit < d). For example, suppose S = "99", N=2, T = "12" (M=2). Then B = {1}, d=2. S=99. Greedy with R: digits {1,2}. For pos1: S=9, largest >9? none, keep 9. For pos2: S=9, none, keep 9. So F_g="99", r=0. d not used. No position with digit <d (since d=2, S=9>2). Also no position with digit ==d (2). So we need to include d. Since r=0 < N=2, we have capacity to add d. We need to choose a position to put d. Since all digits are 9 > d, we must downgrade. The best is to put d on the rightmost position (position2) because that causes less damage. So final string "92" or "29"? "92" is larger than "29". So result should be 92. Indeed, if we put d on position2, we get "99"->"92". Could we do better by swapping? Since r=0, we cannot swap because there are no used digits. So adding on rightmost is best. So answer would be 92. Our adjustment rule: replace the rightmost replaced position? But there are no replaced positions. So we need a rule for when no replacements. In that case, we should replace the rightmost position (with original digit > d) with d. More generally, if d is not beneficial, we should replace the rightmost position where the current digit is the smallest among those > d (to minimize loss). Since all digits are the same? Actually we need to find the rightmost position with the smallest digit > d. In this example, all digits are 9, so smallest is 9, rightmost is pos2. So we would replace pos2 with 2, giving "92". That seems correct.

Now consider a scenario where d is not beneficial but we have some replaced digits. Example: S = "52", N=2, B = {6} (since M=2, T = "63" maybe? Let's create: T length 2, T[1]=6, T[2]=3. So B={6}, d=3. S=52. Greedy with R={6,3}: pos1: S=5, largest >5 is 6 -> replace with 6, used 6. pos2: S=2, largest >2 is 3 -> replace with 3, used 3. So F_g="63", r=2 (N=2). d=3 used? Yes, because we used 3. So no issue. But consider if d is not beneficial and we have used digits. For example, S = "88", N=2, B = {9} (so T[1]=9, T[2]=5, d=5). Greedy with R={9,5}: pos1: S=8, largest>8 is 9 -> replace with 9. pos2: S=8, largest>8 is none? 5<8, so keep 8. So F_g="98", r=1, d=5 not used. Now we need to include d=5. We have capacity (r=1<N=2). We can add d on the unchanged position (pos2) which is 8 >5, yielding "95". Or we could swap d with the used digit 9: replace pos1 with 5 (lose 9), and then use the freed 9 to replace pos2 (currently 8) with 9, resulting in "59". That's worse. So adding on rightmost unchanged gives "95". Is there a better? Could we put d on pos1 and keep 9 on pos2? That would be "59", worse. So best is "95". Let's test if we can get "98" by using d on pos2? That would be "98" with d used? If we put d on pos2, it becomes 5, so "95". So the best is "95". Our adjustment: replace the rightmost replaced? There is a replaced position at pos1 (value 9). If we replace that with d, we get "58"? That's worse. So we shouldn't replace replaced; we should add to unchanged. So our rule should be: if r < N, then we can add d to the rightmost unchanged position (or more generally to the position with minimal loss). Since all unchanged positions have digit > d, the smallest loss is where the digit is smallest. In this case, unchanged pos2 has digit 8, pos1 replaced has digit 9. So the smallest digit > d is 8, so we add to that position, giving "95". That's optimal.

So the algorithm seems to be:

- Compute the greedy with R (including d). Let F_g be the resulting string, r the number of replacements, and let used_d = (cntR_rem[d] == 0). If used_d, output F_g.
- Else (d not used):
   - If there exists any position with F_g[i] == d (i.e., original digit d not replaced), then we can output F_g (by placing mandatory token on that position without change). (We already checked? Actually if d not used, F_g has no d because we never replace with d and original might be d. So there could be original d positions. In sample2, no original d. So we need to check this.)
   - Otherwise, we need to modify. Let best_string = None.
   - Option 1: If r < N (we can add a replacement without removing any). We need to pick the best position to place d. The best is to choose a position where the current digit (in F_g) is > d, such that the digit is as small as possible (to minimize loss) and as far right as possible (to minimize significance). Actually, we should consider both unchanged and replaced positions? But as argued, adding to a replaced position would cause a larger loss because replaced digits are larger. So we only consider positions that are unchanged (F_g[i] == S[i])? But could a replaced position have a smaller digit than some unchanged? In general, replaced digits are > original, so they are at least as large as the original, and usually larger. So the smallest digit > d is likely to be an original digit (since replacements are larger). However, it's possible that the smallest digit > d is a replaced digit if all original digits are larger than that? Example: S = "95", d=4. B = {6}. Greedy with R={6,4}: pos1: 9-> keep, pos2: 5-> largest>5 is 6, replace with 6, so F_g=96, r=1, d=4 unused. The digits: pos1=9, pos2=6. The smallest digit > d is 6 (pos2), which is a replaced digit. The unchanged pos1 is 9. So the minimal digit > d is actually the replaced digit. If we add d to that position, we would be overwriting the 6 with 4, losing the improvement, but we could then use the freed 6 to replace another position? But there is no other unchanged position (pos1 is 9). So the best might be to add d to pos1 (9→4) giving "46", or add to pos2 (6→4) giving "94". Which is larger? "94" > "46", so adding to the replaced position (pos2) gives "94", which uses d but we lose the 6; but we could also consider swapping: replace the 6 with d, and then use the 6 to replace pos1? But pos1 is 9, 6<9, not beneficial. So "94" is the best. So here, the optimal place to put d is on the replaced position (pos2) because it has a smaller digit than the unchanged position. So we need to consider all positions, not just unchanged. So we should look for the position with the smallest digit among all positions (since we want minimal loss) and also rightmost? In this example, the smallest digit is 6 (replaced) vs 9 (unchanged). So we take that position. Then replace it with d. Since r < N, we have capacity, but by replacing a replaced position, we are effectively swapping: we remove the used digit 6, and we add d at that position. The removed digit 6 is now unused. Since we have capacity (r+1 would be 2, but we only used 1 replacement? Actually we initially had r=1. After we replace that position with d, we are still using 1 replacement (d), and the digit 6 is no longer used. So total replacements = 1 (same). But we have capacity to add more? We could also try to use the freed 6 to replace another position if beneficial. In this case, pos1 is 9, so no. So the final string is "94". That's what we get by replacing the position with smallest digit (which is replaced) with d. So the rule is: we need to choose a position i to replace with d (i.e., set F[i]=d) such that the resulting string is maximized. After setting F[i]=d, we still have the other digits from B (the ones not used originally plus any that become free) to use on other positions. However, we can also choose to use the freed digit (if i was a replaced position) to possibly improve another position. So we need to consider the best overall after placing d.

Given the small digit range, we can compute the best final string by trying all possible positions i? But we can do it by considering the digits involved.

We can think of the problem as: we have a multiset of digits from B (counts), and we want to use them along with one forced d to maximize the number. This is equivalent to: we can select a multiset of digits from B of size up to N-1, and then also use d. The optimal assignment is to take the set of digits from B that are the largest, and then place them on the leftmost positions where they are larger than the original, but we must also place d somewhere. Since d might be smaller, we will place it on the least significant position among those that are beneficial, or if not beneficial, on the least harmful position.

We can compute the best string by a greedy that processes positions from left to right, but with the policy that we reserve d for the rightmost beneficial position. This is similar to: first, we compute the list of positions where we could potentially replace with a digit from B (the beneficial replacements). Then we decide to use the largest digits on the leftmost positions, and use d on the rightmost beneficial position (if any). If d is not beneficial, we use it on the rightmost position overall (least significant).

Let's design an algorithm based on this idea:

- First, sort the digits from B in descending order. We'll have a list of replacement digits (multiset).
- We'll also have the mandatory d.
- We'll process positions from left to right, but we will allow "lazy" assignment: we can decide later which digit goes to which position. This is similar to the classic algorithm for "Maximum Number After K Replacements" where we have a bag of digits and we want to replace the smallest original digits with the largest available digits. But we have to include d.

Another perspective: The final string can be obtained by taking the original string, and for each position, we can either keep it or replace it with a digit from the pool. The best result is achieved by sorting the original digits that we will replace (the ones we choose to replace) and the pool digits in descending order, and matching them to the positions in order of significance. This is a known result: to maximize the number after replacing up to K digits with a given multiset, you sort the original digits (only those that are eligible? Actually you need to decide which positions to replace). The optimal is: for each position from left to right, if there is a digit in the pool larger than the current digit, replace it with the largest such digit. That's the greedy we already used. So to incorporate d, we can think of it as we have an extra digit d in the pool, but we must use it. So we can do the greedy with the pool that includes d, but if d ends up not used, we force it by replacing the last replacement (the rightmost one) with d, because that is the position where the benefit of using a larger digit is least valuable. This is justified because in the greedy, the replacements are made in order, and the last replacement is the rightmost one. If we replace that digit with d, we lose the upgrade at that position, but gain the use of d. Since d is smaller than the digit we removed, the loss is minimal because it's the least significant upgrade. Additionally, we might also be able to use the removed digit elsewhere if there is a later position? But there is no later position because it's the last. So it's optimal to replace the last replacement with d.

But what about the case where d is beneficial and there are no replacements? That is, r=0. Then we have no replaced position to replace. In that case, we can directly add d to the rightmost position where original < d? Actually if r=0, no replacements were made, meaning that for every position, the largest digit in R was not > S[i]. That implies that all digits in R (including d) are <= S[i] for all i. So d is not beneficial. So we are in the non-beneficial case. So we need to handle r=0 separately: we will add d to the rightmost position (or the one with smallest digit > d) as earlier.

If d is beneficial, but there are replacements, we replace the last replacement with d. That seems plausible.

Let's test on the earlier small example S="95", B={6}, d=4. Greedy with R={6,4}: process: pos1=9, largest>9? none, keep 9. pos2=5, largest>5 is 6-> replace with 6. So r=1, replacements: pos2. d not used. Last replacement is pos2 (rightmost). Replace that with d -> pos2 becomes 4, string="94". That matches our earlier optimal "94". Good.

Now test on S="88", B={9}, d=5. Greedy with R={9,5}: pos1=8, largest>8 is 9-> replace with 9. pos2=8, largest>8? none, keep 8. So r=1, replacement at pos1. Last replacement is pos1. Replace that with d -> pos1 becomes 5, string="58". But we earlier argued best is "95" (by adding d to pos2). So "58" is worse than "95". So the rule of replacing the last replacement gives "58", which is not optimal. So this rule fails for this case. Why? Because in this case, the last replacement (pos1) is the leftmost and most significant. Replacing it with d loses a lot. It would be better to instead add d to the unchanged position (pos2), keeping the large digit at pos1. So we need a rule that chooses the best position to apply d, which may be an unchanged position rather than a replaced one, especially when the replaced position is very significant.

Thus, the optimal strategy is: if we have spare capacity (r < N), we can add d to any position (including unchanged or replaced). We want to choose the position that minimizes the loss. The loss is (current_digit - d) if we replace that position with d. However, if we replace a replaced position, we also free up that digit, which could then be used to improve another position (if there is an untouched position with original digit less than that digit). That could offset the loss. So we need to consider that possibility.

In the example S="88", B={9}, d=5: If we replace pos2 (unchanged, digit 8) with d=5, loss = 8-5=3, final string "95". If we replace pos1 (replaced, digit 9) with d=5, loss = 9-5=4, and we free digit 9. We can then use that 9 to replace pos2 (original 8) -> gain 9-8=1, net loss = 4-1=3, but final string becomes "5"+"9" = "59", which is worse than "95". So the net loss is same but the string is worse because the leftmost digit became 5 instead of 9. So the importance of position matters. So we need to consider the ordering: placing d on a more significant position has a larger impact. So we should favor placing d on a less significant position, even if the digit difference is larger? In this example, the rightmost position (pos2) has a digit 8, loss 3; leftmost has digit 9, loss 4, but even with the extra gain, the final string is worse. So the optimal is to put d on the least significant position that minimizes the overall impact, while also considering potential reuse of freed digit. However, the reuse may not compensate for the loss of significance.

Consequently, the correct approach is to try all possible positions for placing d? But we can do it efficiently by noting that the best placement will be either the rightmost replaced position or the rightmost unchanged position (or possibly the rightmost overall), because we want to place d as far right as possible to minimize significance. In the example, the rightmost position is pos2 (unchanged). That gave the best. So we can consider two candidates: place d on the rightmost replaced position, and place d on the rightmost unchanged position. Then compute the resulting string for each, and take the best. Additionally, we might also consider the possibility of placing d on a position that is not the rightmost but has a much smaller digit (e.g., the smallest digit overall) which might be somewhere in the middle. But the significance factor suggests that among positions with similar digit, we prefer rightmost; among different digits, we might prefer a smaller digit even if it's more left? For example, S="95", B={6}, d=4. Positions: pos1=9, pos2=5 (original). After greedy with R, we got "96" (pos2 replaced with 6). The rightmost replaced is pos2 (digit6). Rightmost unchanged is pos1 (digit9). If we put d on pos2 (replaced), we get "94"; if we put on pos1 (unchanged), we get "46". So "94" is better. So the rightmost replaced gave the best. In the previous example, rightmost unchanged gave the best. So we need to consider both and also possibly the combination of swapping and adding.

Now consider a more complex case where there are multiple replacements and multiple unchanged positions. Example: S="123", N=3, B={9,8}, d=4. Greedy with R={9,8,4}: pos1=1->replace with 9, pos2=2->replace with 8, pos3=3->? largest >3 is 4? 4>3, replace with 4? Actually we have 4 available, so replace with 4. So F_g="984", r=3 (since N=3, all replaced), d used? Yes, because we used 4. So no issue. So d used. Good.

Now consider a case where d is not used and there are multiple replaced and unchanged. E.g., S="859", N=3, B={9,7}, d=5. Greedy with R={9,7,5}: pos1=8-> largest>8 is 9, replace with 9. pos2=5-> largest>5 is 7, replace with 7. pos3=9-> keep 9. So F_g="979", r=2, d=5 not used. Positions: replaced: pos1 (9), pos2 (7); unchanged: pos3 (9). Rightmost replaced = pos2 (digit7). Rightmost unchanged = pos3 (digit9). If we put d on pos2 (replaced), we get "9 5 9" = 959. If we put d on pos3 (unchanged), we get "9 7 5" = 975. Which is larger? 975 > 959. So best is to put on the rightmost unchanged (pos3). But also we could consider swapping: if we put d on pos2 (replaced), we free a 7. Could we use that 7 to replace pos3? pos3 is 9, 7<9 not beneficial. So no. So 975 is best. So the rightmost unchanged gives better result. Now, could we put d on the rightmost position overall (pos3) which is unchanged -> 975. So that's the candidate.

Now consider S="851", N=3, B={9,7}, d=5. Greedy with R: pos1=8->9, pos2=5->7, pos3=1->? largest>1 is 5? Actually we have 5 available, replace with 5. So F_g="975", r=3, d used? Yes. So d used.

Now consider S="871", B={9,6}, d=5. Greedy: pos1=8->9, pos2=7->? largest>7 is 9? used, next 6<7, so keep 7, pos3=1-> largest>1 is 6, replace with 6. So F_g="976", r=2, d=5 unused. Positions: replaced: pos1(9), pos3(6); unchanged: pos2(7). Rightmost replaced = pos3 (6). Rightmost unchanged = pos2 (7). Put d on pos3: "9 7 5" = 975; put on pos2: "9 5 6" = 956. 975 > 956, so best is to put on rightmost replaced (pos3). So in this case, rightmost replaced is better.

Thus, we need to consider both candidates: place d on the rightmost replaced position and place d on the rightmost unchanged position. Also, we might need to consider the possibility of placing d on a position that is not the rightmost but has a smaller digit. For instance, if the rightmost unchanged has digit 9 and there is an earlier unchanged with digit 8, the rightmost unchanged might be 9 (larger loss), while an earlier unchanged with digit 8 might cause less loss but is more significant. The trade-off may favor the earlier smaller digit? Let's test: S="891", B={9,8}, d=4. Greedy with R: pos1=8->9, pos2=9->keep, pos3=1->largest>1 is 8? replace with 8. So F_g="9 9 8", r=2, d=4 unused. Positions: replaced: pos1(9), pos3(8); unchanged: pos2(9). Rightmost replaced=pos3(8), rightmost unchanged=pos2(9). Options: put d on pos3 -> "9 9 4" = 994; put on pos2 -> "9 4 8" = 948. So 994 is better. Now consider if there was an earlier unchanged with a smaller digit. e.g., S="8 4 9", N=3, B={9,8}, d=5. Greedy: pos1=8->9, pos2=4->largest>4 is 8, replace with 8, pos3=9->keep. So F_g="9 8 9", r=2, d=5 unused. Positions: replaced: pos1(9), pos2(8); unchanged: pos3(9). Rightmost replaced=pos2(8), rightmost unchanged=pos3(9). Put d on pos2->"9 5 9"=959; put on pos3->"9 8 5"=985. 985 > 959. So rightmost unchanged gives 985. But the rightmost unchanged has digit 9 (loss 4), while the earlier replaced has digit 8 (loss 3). However, the earlier replaced is more significant? Actually pos2 is less significant than pos1 but more significant than pos3 (since pos2 is middle). The product: 9 5 9 vs 9 8 5. The latter is larger. So it's better to put d on the least significant position (pos3) even though the loss is larger (9-5=4 vs 8-5=3). So significance dominates. So the rightmost position (pos3) gives better result even with larger loss. So indeed, among positions, we should prioritize rightmost over smaller loss, because significance outweighs digit difference. So the best placement is likely the rightmost position overall (least significant). But is that always true? Consider S="28", N=2, B={9}, d=6. Greedy: pos1=2->9, pos2=8->keep (no digit >8). So F_g="98", r=1, d unused. Positions: replaced: pos1(9), unchanged: pos2(8). Rightmost overall = pos2 (8). Put d on pos2 -> "96". Put d on pos1 -> "68". "96" > "68". So rightmost wins. Now consider S="82", B={9}, d=6. Greedy: pos1=8->9, pos2=2->keep? Actually after using 9, no digit >2? We have d=6, so R includes 6, so pos2=2, largest>2 is 6, so replace with 6. So d used. So not applicable.

What about a case where the rightmost position is already the smallest digit and we have a replaced position with a smaller digit? That can't happen because replaced digits are larger than original, so they are at least as large as the smallest original digit? Actually the smallest digit in the whole string might be an original digit that was not replaced because no larger digit was available. That unchanged position might be small. In that case, the rightmost position might be that small digit, and putting d there would cause less loss (since digit is small) and is least significant. So that seems optimal. If the rightmost position is a large digit (like 9), but there is an earlier replaced digit with a smaller digit (like 6), then the rightmost is 9, causing larger loss. Could it be better to put d on the earlier replaced digit (6) and then use the freed 6 to replace the rightmost unchanged (9) (but 6<9, no benefit) -- so no. Or we could free a larger digit by putting d on a replaced digit with large digit, and then use that large digit to replace the rightmost unchanged. For example, S="79", N=2, B={8}, d=5. Greedy with R: pos1=7->8, pos2=9->keep. F_g="89", r=1, d unused. Positions: replaced pos1(8), unchanged pos2(9). Rightmost=pos2(9). If put d on pos2 -> "85". If put d on pos1 -> "59" (replace pos1 with d, free 8, then use 8 to replace pos2? but pos2 is 9, 8<9, so no gain). So "85" > "59". So rightmost wins. Now consider S="78", B={9}, d=5. Greedy: pos1=7->9, pos2=8->keep. F_g="98", r=1, d unused. Positions: replaced pos1(9), unchanged pos2(8). Rightmost=pos2(8). Put d on pos2 -> "95". Put d on pos1 -> "58". "95" > "58". So rightmost wins.

Consider a more nuanced case: S="95", B={8}, d=4. Greedy: pos1=9->keep, pos2=5->8, F_g="98", r=1, d unused. Positions: replaced pos2(8), unchanged pos1(9). Rightmost=pos2(8). Put d on pos2 -> "94". Put d on pos1 -> "48". "94" > "48". So rightmost wins.

Thus, it appears that the best placement for d (when d not used and we have capacity) is always the rightmost position (the least significant) where we can place it, regardless of whether it's replaced or unchanged. Because any other placement would affect a more significant digit, causing a larger relative decrease. Even if the rightmost position has a large digit, the impact of reducing a less significant digit is smaller than reducing a more significant digit by a smaller amount. So we should always place d on the rightmost position overall. This seems plausible: we want to put the mandatory (possibly harmful) digit as far right as possible. But we must also consider that we might be able to use a freed digit to improve another position, but that improvement would occur on a more significant position? Actually, if we put d on a replaced position that is not the rightmost, we free a digit that may be larger, and we could then use that digit to replace the rightmost position (if it's beneficial). For example, suppose the rightmost position is originally small, and we have a replaced position earlier with a large digit. If we put d on that earlier replaced position, we free the large digit, and we can use it to replace the rightmost small digit, resulting in net change: earlier position goes from large to d (bad), rightmost goes from small to large (good). The net effect on the number might be positive if the improvement on the rightmost (less significant) outweighs the loss on the earlier (more significant). Since the earlier is more significant, the loss likely outweighs. But is it possible for the improvement to outweigh? Let's construct a scenario. We need a case where the rightmost position has a very small digit, and an earlier replaced position has a large digit, and d is relatively large (close to that large digit) so that the loss at the earlier position is small, while the gain at the rightmost is big. For example, S="85", N=2, B={9}, d=8. Greedy with R={9,8}: pos1=8->9, pos2=5->? largest>5 is 8? Actually we have 8 available, so replace with 8. So F_g="98", r=2, d used. So d used. Not applicable. Need a case where d is not used but still beneficial? If d is beneficial, it would be used. So d must be not beneficial, meaning d <= all original digits? Actually if d is not used, then d is <= all original digits that are left? Not necessarily; we saw d=5 in earlier examples where it was not used because larger digits covered all beneficial positions. But d could be greater than some original digits, but those positions were already replaced with even larger digits. In such cases, d is technically beneficial (since there exist positions with original < d), but it was not used because we used larger digits instead. So in those cases, we might consider swapping d with a used digit. For example, S="851", B={9,8}, d=7. Greedy with R: pos1=8->9, pos2=5->8, pos3=1->? largest>1 is 7? We have 7, so replace with 7. So d used. So not applicable. Let's try S="861", B={9,8}, d=5. Greedy: pos1=8->9, pos2=6->8, pos3=1->? largest>1 is 5 (since 9 and 8 used), replace with 5 -> d used. So d used. To have d not used, we need that after using larger digits, there is no position where d would be beneficial (i.e., all positions have original >= d or are already replaced with larger digits). So d is not beneficial for any remaining position. For d to be beneficial but not used, there must be positions with original < d, but they all got replaced with even larger digits. So d could still be placed on those positions if we replace the larger digit with d, but then we lose the larger digit. That is the swap case we considered earlier with sample2 (d=3, original 1<3, but we used 9's). The rightmost position in that case was pos3 (original 1, replaced with 9). The rightmost overall is pos3 (since N=3). So putting d on the rightmost (pos3) gives 993, which is optimal. So that matches the rule: put d on the rightmost position overall. In that case, the rightmost position was a replaced position. So the rule "place d on the rightmost position" works.

Now test earlier example where we had S="88", B={9}, d=5. The positions: pos1=8->9 (replaced), pos2=8 (unchanged). Rightmost position is pos2 (unchanged). Putting d on pos2 gives "95", which we determined as best. So rule works.

Test S="95", B={6}, d=4. Positions: pos1=9 (unchanged), pos2=5->6 (replaced). Rightmost position is pos2 (replaced). Putting d on pos2 gives "94", which is best. So rule works.

Test S="859", B={9,7}, d=5. Positions: pos1=8->9 (replaced), pos2=5->7 (replaced), pos3=9 (unchanged). Rightmost is pos3 (unchanged). Putting d on pos3 gives "9 7 5" = 975, which we found best. So rule works.

Test S="871", B={9,6}, d=5. Positions: pos1=8->9 (replaced), pos2=7 (unchanged), pos3=1->6 (replaced). Rightmost is pos3 (replaced). Putting d on pos3 gives "9 7 5" = 975, which we found best. So rule works.

Thus, the rule "place d on the rightmost position (i.e., the last position of F_g)" seems to consistently give the best result when d is not used and there is no position with digit equal to d. We also need to consider the special case where there is an original digit equal to d; then we can use that position without change, so F_g remains optimal. So the overall algorithm:

1. Compute the greedy with full R (B + d) on S. Keep the resulting string F_g and also the counts of used digits, and whether d was used.
2. If d was used, output F_g.
3. Else, if there exists any position i such that F_g[i] == d (i.e., original digit d that was not replaced), then output F_g (since we can place mandatory token on that position without change).
4. Else, set the last character of F_g (i.e., position N) to d (that is the rightmost position). But careful: Is it always position N? The rightmost position in the final string is always position N. So we just set F_g[N] = d. However, is it always correct to replace the rightmost position? Consider a case where the rightmost position is already the digit d? But we already checked for that case (step 3). So it's not d. So we replace it with d. Then output the modified string.

But wait: There might be a nuance: when we replace the rightmost position with d, we might also want to consider if that position was originally replaced with a larger digit, and we could potentially use that freed digit to improve another position (like the second rightmost)? But since we are only changing the last position, we are not using the freed digit elsewhere. Could there be a scenario where using the freed digit on a different position yields a better outcome than simply setting the last position to d? For example, suppose the rightmost position is replaced with a very large digit, and the second rightmost position has a relatively small digit. If we put d on the rightmost, we lose the large digit, but the second rightmost stays the same. If instead we put d on the second rightmost (which has a smaller digit), and move the large digit to the rightmost (where it might also be beneficial), we could end up with a better string. Let's construct such a case.

We need a situation where the rightmost position has a large digit (say 9) from a replacement, and the second rightmost position has a smaller digit (say 7) which is original or replaced. If we put d on the rightmost, we lose the 9, keep the 7. If we put d on the second rightmost (lose the 7), and move the 9 to the rightmost (since it's now free), we get: second becomes d, rightmost becomes 9. The resulting string would have a smaller digit at a more significant position (second last) but a larger digit at the last. Which is better? Compare: original digits at positions N-1 and N: ( a, b ) become ( d, 9 ) vs ( 7, d ). Which is larger? Since N-1 is more significant, we compare (7, d) vs (d, 9). Which is larger depends on values. For example, if d=5, 7>5, so (7,5) vs (5,9). The first is larger because 7 > 5. So keeping the larger digit at the more significant position (7) is better. So putting d on the rightmost (5,9) gives (7,5) actually? Wait, we need to be consistent: In the original, we had (7,9) at positions N-1 and N. If we put d on the rightmost, we get (7, d). If we put d on the second rightmost and move 9 to rightmost, we get (d,9). Since 7>d, (7,d) is larger than (d,9) regardless of 9? Because at the first digit, 7 > d, so (7,d) > anything starting with d. So it's better to keep the larger digit at the more significant position. So the straightforward approach of putting d on the rightmost seems optimal in this scenario.

What if the second rightmost has a digit larger than the rightmost? e.g., (9,7). If we put d on rightmost, get (9,d). If we swap: put d on second, move 7 to rightmost, get (d,7). (9,d) > (d,7) because 9 > d. So again, keep the large digit on the more significant position. So putting d on the rightmost always preserves the larger digit at the more significant position, which is better.

Thus, the strategy of always placing d on the rightmost position (the least significant) is optimal. This is intuitive: we want to minimize the impact of the mandatory digit, so we put it as far right as possible. If there is any position with original digit d, we can use that instead, which is even better (no impact). So the algorithm simplifies to:

- Compute the optimal string using all digits (B + d) via greedy (replace if larger digit available). Call it F.
- If the digit d was used (i.e., the count of d in the pool decreased), output F.
- Else, if there is any position where F[i] == d (original d not replaced), output F.
- Else, set F[N] = d (the last character) and output F.

But does setting the last character to d always yield a valid string? Yes, because we are using the mandatory token on that position. However, note that if the last position was originally replaced with a digit from B, we are overwriting it. That means we are not using that digit from B, which remains unused. But since we have already used other digits, the total number of replacements remains the same (r) or decreases by 1? Actually, if the last position was replaced, then we are removing that replacement and replacing it with d. So the number of used digits from the pool becomes r (if the last was replaced) or r+1 (if last was unchanged). But we didn't change the other positions. So the total used digits from B∪{d} becomes: if last was replaced, we used r digits (including d), but we removed one B digit, so the total number of used digits is r (same); if last was unchanged, we add d, becoming r+1. Both are within the limit (r ≤ N, r+1 ≤ N only if r<N). Since we are in the case where d was not used, and we are in the else branch, it might be that r = N, meaning all positions were replaced. Then the last position is replaced. Setting it to d means we replace that B digit with d, so total replacements remain N. That's fine. If r=N and d is not used, then we have no capacity to add an extra replacement; but we are swapping, so it's allowed. If r<N, we are adding a replacement. So it's valid.

We need to ensure that this process doesn't violate the requirement that we use d exactly once. In our modification, we are using d on the last position, so it's used.

Now, does this algorithm always produce the optimal string? Let's test with some random cases by brute force for small N,M to verify. Since we can't run code here, we can reason with more examples.

Consider a case where the rightmost position is originally d (i.e., S[N] == d) and it was not replaced because no larger digit was available. Then in step 3, we would detect F[N] == d, so we output F unchanged. That's correct.

Consider a case where the rightmost position is originally d but it was replaced with a larger digit. Then F[N] != d. We might have another position with original d that was not replaced? Possibly. If there is any other position with original d and not replaced, step 3 catches it. If not, then we set F[N] = d, which overwrites the larger digit. Could there be a better alternative where we put d on a different position (not the last) and keep the larger digit at the last? For example, S="1 2 1", N=3, B={9}, d=1. Greedy with R: pos1=1->9, pos2=2->? largest>2? none (9 used), keep 2, pos3=1->? largest>1? none, keep 1. So F_g="9 2 1", r=1, d=1 not used (since we never used the d from pool? Actually d=1, and we have original 1 at pos3, so F[3]==1, so step 3 catches: there is a position with digit d, so output F_g as is. That's valid because we can put the mandatory token on pos3 (original 1) without change. So answer is "921". That seems fine.

Now consider S="1 2 1", B={9}, d=3. Greedy: pos1=1->9, pos2=2->? largest>2? none, keep 2, pos3=1->? largest>1? none, keep 1. F_g="9 2 1", r=1, d=3 not used. No position with digit 3. So we set last character to d=3, resulting in "9 2 3". That gives "923". Could we do better? Possibly we could instead replace pos3 with d=3 (since 3>1, it's beneficial) and keep the 9 for pos1. But that's exactly what we did: we set last char to d, which is beneficial because original 1 replaced by 3. So "923" is good. Could we improve by also using the 9 on pos2? pos2 is 2, 9>2, but we already used 9 on pos1. Only one 9. So no. So "923" seems optimal.

Now consider a case where the rightmost position is 9, and we have a smaller digit earlier. Example: S="4 1 9", N=3, B={8}, d=7. Greedy with R: pos1=4->8, pos2=1->? largest>1 is 7? Actually we have 7, so replace with 7, pos3=9-> keep. So F_g="8 7 9", r=2, d used? Yes, d=7 used. So no issue.

Now consider S="4 1 9", B={5}, d=6. Greedy: pos1=4->5, pos2=1->? largest>1 is 6, replace with 6, pos3=9-> keep. So d used. Good.

Now consider S="4 1 9", B={5}, d=2. Greedy: pos1=4->5, pos2=1->? largest>1 is 5? Already used, so none, keep 1, pos3=9-> keep. F_g="5 1 9", r=1, d=2 not used. No position with digit 2. Then set last character to d=2, result "5 1 2" = 512. Is there a better? Could we instead put d on pos2 (original 1) -> 5 2 9 = 529, which is larger than 512. So the greedy of setting last character gives 512, but 529 is better. So this is a counterexample! Let's compute carefully.

S = "4 1 9", N=3.
B = {5} (one digit 5). d = 2.
Total R = {5,2}.
Greedy with R:
i1: S=4, largest >4 is 5 -> replace with 5. used 5, remaining {2}.
i2: S=1, largest >1 is 2 -> replace with 2. used 2, remaining {}.
i3: S=9, largest >9 none -> keep 9.
So F_g = "5 2 9", r=2, and d=2 was used. So d used. Wait, d=2 is used at i2. So we would output "529", which is optimal. My earlier statement that d not used is wrong because greedy used the 2. Let's re-evaluate: In this case, d=2 is used, so no adjustment needed. So this example doesn't break.

We need an example where d is not used, and the rightmost position is not the best place to put d. Let's search systematically.

We need a scenario where greedy uses larger digits that cover all beneficial positions, leaving d unused, and where placing d on the rightmost is suboptimal compared to placing d on an earlier position (that is less significant than the rightmost? Actually earlier is more significant, so it's counterintuitive). Suppose we have many positions, and the rightmost position has a very large digit (say 9) from a replacement, and there is an earlier position with a small digit (say 2) from original, and d is moderately small (say 5). If we put d on the rightmost, we lose the 9 and get 5; if we put d on the earlier small digit (2), we upgrade it to 5 (gain), and we keep the 9 on the rightmost. That seems better. But can that situation occur with d not used? For d to be not used, the smaller digit (2) must have been replaced in the greedy with a larger digit (e.g., 8), not left as 2. So if the earlier position has original 2, and there is a larger digit available (say 8), greedy would replace it, so it wouldn't remain as 2. So the only positions that remain unchanged are those where original >= all remaining digits. So if d is not used, the unchanged positions have original >= d (since if original < d, d would be larger and would have been used if available). So in our scenario, if we want an unchanged position with a small digit (2) and d=5>2, that position would have been replaced in the greedy if there was any digit >2 (including d). Since d is available and >2, the greedy would have replaced it with d (or larger). So it wouldn't remain unchanged. Therefore, in the final F_g, any unchanged position must have original >= d. So the only candidates for placing d are either replaced positions (with digits > d) or unchanged positions with original >= d. The unchanged positions have digits >= d. So placing d on an unchanged position would reduce it (or keep if equal). Placing d on a replaced position also reduces it. Since replaced positions have digits > original and often larger, the smallest digit among all positions (to minimize loss) is likely the smallest original digit that was not replaced (since that's the smallest overall). That smallest original digit would be >= d, but could be just slightly above d. That position is likely not the rightmost; it could be earlier. For example, S="8 2 9", B={7}, d=3. Greedy: pos1=8->? largest>8? none, keep8; pos2=2-> largest>2 is 7, replace with7; pos3=9-> keep9. F_g="8 7 9", r=1, d=3 unused. Positions: replaced pos2(7), unchanged pos1(8), pos3(9). The smallest digit > d is 7 (at pos2). Rightmost position is pos3 with digit 9. If we put d on pos2 (the replaced position with smallest digit), we get "8 3 9" = 839. If we put d on rightmost pos3, we get "8 7 3" = 873. 873 > 839. So rightmost is better. What about putting d on pos1? That would be 3 7 9 = 379, worse. So rightmost wins.

Consider S="8 5 9", B={6}, d=4. Greedy: pos1=8->keep, pos2=5->6, pos3=9->keep. F_g="8 6 9", d=4 unused. Smallest digit > d is 6 at pos2. Rightmost pos3=9. Put d on pos2: "8 4 9"=849; on pos3: "8 6 4"=864. 864 > 849, so rightmost better.

Consider S="8 5 9", B={7}, d=6. Greedy: pos1=8->keep, pos2=5->7, pos3=9->keep. F_g="8 7 9", d=6 unused. Smallest >6 is 7 at pos2. Rightmost=9. Put d on pos2: "8 6 9"=869; on pos3: "8 7 6"=876. 876>869.

Consider S="2 8 9", B={9}, d=6. Greedy: pos1=2->9, pos2=8->keep? Actually after using 9, no digit >8, keep8, pos3=9->keep. F_g="9 8 9", d=6 unused. Positions: replaced pos1(9), unchanged pos2(8), pos3(9). Smallest >6 is 8 at pos2. Rightmost=9. Put d on pos2: "9 6 9
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
