=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a sequence of integers (X_1,\dots,X_M) of length M consisting of 1,\dots,K.
Find the number of sequences (A_1,\dots,A_N) of length N consisting of 1,\dots,K that satisfy the following condition, modulo 998244353:

- Among all sequences of length M consisting of 1,\dots,K, the only sequence that cannot be obtained as a (not necessarily contiguous) subsequence of (A_1,\dots,A_N) is (X_1,\dots,X_M).

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M K
X_1 X_2 \dots X_M

Output

Print the number of sequences satisfying the condition, modulo 998244353.

Constraints


- 2\le M,K \le N \le 400
- 1\le X_i \le K
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

5 2 3
1 1

Sample Output 1

4

The following four sequences satisfy the condition:

- (2, 3, 1, 2, 3)
- (2, 3, 1, 3, 2)
- (3, 2, 1, 2, 3)
- (3, 2, 1, 3, 2)

Sample Input 2

400 3 9
1 8 6

Sample Output 2

417833302

Sample Input 3

29 3 10
3 3 3

Sample Output 3

495293602

Sample Input 4

29 3 10
3 3 4

Sample Output 4

0

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve: count sequences A of length N over alphabet [1,K] such that the only length-M subsequence (not necessarily contiguous) that is missing is exactly X = (X_1,...,X_M). That is, the set of all length-M sequences (over [1,K]) that appear as a subsequence of A is exactly all except X. So A must contain every other length-M word as a subsequence, and must avoid subsequence X.

This is reminiscent of forbidden subsequence, and counting sequences that avoid a given pattern as a subsequence while containing all others. But here it's not just avoid: we require that all other length-M sequences appear as subsequences. That's a very strong condition.

Let's denote S = set of all length-M sequences over [1,K] except X. We need A to contain each element of S as a subsequence. Since N is up to 400, M up to 400, K up to 400. This suggests combinatorial or dynamic programming over states.

Observation: If A contains every length-M sequence except X, then in particular, for any sequence Y of length M that is not X, Y is a subsequence of A. This implies that A must be "rich" enough to form all possible patterns.

We can think in terms of the concept of "forbidden pattern" in sequences, often related to the "subsequence automaton" and "shortest sequence avoiding a pattern". The classic problem: find length of shortest sequence over alphabet that contains all length-M sequences as subsequences (de Bruijn-like but for subsequences). Actually, the minimal length to contain all length-M sequences as subsequences is something like M * K? Not exactly.

But here we have fixed N, and we require that among all length-M sequences, only one is missing. That's a very specific condition.

I recall a known result: For a sequence to avoid a fixed pattern X as a subsequence, and to contain all other patterns of the same length, it essentially must have a particular structure: it must be "universal" for patterns of length M except X. This is similar to the concept of "superpattern" or "universal sequence" for permutations, but here subsequences, not contiguous.

Given that subsequence is order-preserving, the condition that A contains all sequences of length M except X is equivalent to: for any sequence Y ≠ X of length M, there exists indices i1<...<iM such that A_{i_j}=Y_j. So A must have every possible combination of values in order.

A classic approach: The set of subsequences of A can be described by the "subsequence automaton" or by the "poset of occurrences". There is a known DP for counting sequences that avoid a given pattern as a subsequence, often using the "next occurrence" DP and state representing the longest prefix of the pattern that has been matched so far. For example, to count sequences avoiding pattern X, we can do DP over positions and the current length of the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence of the prefix. That's like a deterministic automaton: state = the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence (i.e., the minimal index in X that can be matched). Actually, for subsequence avoidance, the state can be the length of the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence of the part processed. If we process A left to right, we can update: for each new character c, the new L = longest prefix of X that is a subsequence of A[1..i] can be computed from old L: we try to extend the subsequence matching X[1..L] by c to match X[1..L+1] if c == X_{L+1}, else L stays same? But careful: It's more involved because the longest prefix might be longer if we skip some characters; actually, for subsequence, the longest prefix of X that appears as a subsequence is simply the maximum t such that X[1..t] is a subsequence. When adding a character c, we can check: if c == X_{t+1} then we can extend to t+1, but we might also have a longer match if we skip? Actually, the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence is a non-decreasing function, and when we add a character c, we can attempt to match the next needed character. So state = the length of the longest prefix matched so far. This works because to see if X appears as a subsequence, we just need to match all M characters. So for avoidance, we want to keep state < M, and sequences where state never reaches M. Counting sequences avoiding X is easy: DP[i][s] = number of prefixes of length i with longest matched prefix length s. Transition: for each c in 1..K, if c == X_{s+1}, new state s+1; else new state s (since the longest prefix remains s). But wait: if c == X_{s+1}, we extend to s+1. But what about the case where c equals some earlier character of X that could allow a longer prefix by some other alignment? For subsequence, the greedy "earliest possible match" works: to check if X is a subsequence, you can scan and match greedily. So the longest prefix matched so far is exactly the result of greedy matching: you maintain the smallest index in X that you have matched up to. That index is the length of the longest prefix seen as subsequence. Indeed, if you process A, and you keep a pointer p that indicates the next needed character of X; when you see c = X_p, increment p. That yields the maximal prefix length (since we always take the earliest match). So the DP is valid. So counting sequences avoiding X is straightforward.

Now, we need the condition that every other length-M sequence Y appears as a subsequence. That's a much stronger condition; it means that for each Y ≠ X, the DP for pattern Y would reach state M at some point. So we need to count sequences A such that for all Y≠X, Y is a subsequence, but X is not. This is like the complement of the union of sets of sequences avoiding each Y, but that's not simple.

We can perhaps characterize sequences that contain all length-M sequences except X. They must be "universal" in some sense. Consider the concept of "subsequence-completeness". For a fixed M and K, the condition that a sequence contains all length-M sequences as subsequences is equivalent to the sequence being a "K-ary de Bruijn sequence for subsequences"? Not exactly.

I recall a known problem: "Given N, M, K, count sequences of length N over [1,K] that contain all sequences of length M as subsequences" — this is a known combinatorial number, maybe related to "ballot" or "multiset" but not trivial. However, here we require only one missing. So the sequences we count are those that are "almost universal": they contain all but one length-M sequences.

Let's think differently: The subsequence relation is a partial order. The set of subsequences of A is closed under taking subsequences (if Y is a subsequence of A, then any subsequence of Y is also a subsequence of A). So the set of length-M sequences that are not subsequences of A forms an "antichain"? Actually, if X is missing, then any sequence that contains X as a subsequence (i.e., any sequence that has X as a subsequence) also cannot be present because if it were present, then X would be a subsequence of it and hence of A, contradiction. So the condition that X is the only missing length-M sequence implies that for any Y ≠ X, Y must be a subsequence, and moreover, any sequence Z that has X as a subsequence must not be a subsequence because if Z is a subsequence, then X would be a subsequence of A. So Z cannot be a subsequence. But the condition only concerns length-M sequences; longer sequences could contain X but they are not considered. So it's okay if longer sequences contain X as long as no length-M subsequence equals X. Wait, if A contains a longer sequence that has X as a subsequence, then A itself contains X as a subsequence (since subsequence of A is transitive). So if A contains any subsequence (of any length) that has X as a subsequence, then X is a subsequence of A. So to avoid X, A must avoid all sequences that have X as a subsequence. In particular, any supersequence of X (including X itself) must not be a subsequence of A. But we are only concerned about length-M sequences; but if A avoids X, automatically it avoids all sequences that are supersequences of X? Actually, if A contains some Y (maybe longer) that contains X as a subsequence, then A contains X as a subsequence. So yes, to avoid X, A must not contain any subsequence (of any length) that contains X as a subsequence. That means that the set of sequences that are subsequences of A is "X-free": it does not contain any sequence that has X as a subsequence. But we also need that every length-M sequence other than X is a subsequence. So essentially, it must be that the set of subsequences of A is exactly the set of all sequences over [1,K] that do NOT contain X as a subsequence (maybe of any length?). But the condition only speaks about length-M subsequences, but due to closure under subsequence, if all length-M sequences except X are present, then all shorter sequences (any length < M) are also present? Not necessarily, because a length-L sequence (L<M) is a subsequence of some length-M sequence (e.g., extend with any characters), and since that length-M sequence (if not X) is present, its subsequences are present. But what if the only length-M sequences that contain a given length-L sequence Y are exactly those that are X? That could happen if Y is such that all length-M extensions of Y are X? That seems impossible unless K=1? Actually, for any Y of length L<M, there are many length-M sequences that have Y as a prefix (or subsequence). For example, Y = (1). Then any length-M sequence starting with 1 is an extension. But X could be the only length-M sequence that starts with 1? No, X is a specific sequence; there are many others. So Y as a subsequence of many length-M sequences. So if all those length-M sequences (except possibly X) are present in A, then Y is a subsequence of A (since subsequence of a subsequence is a subsequence). So indeed all sequences of length <M are also subsequences of A. So the subsequence set of A is downward-closed. Therefore, the condition that all length-M sequences except X are subsequences implies that the set of subsequences of A is the entire set of sequences over [1,K] that do NOT have X as a subsequence. Because any sequence that does not contain X as a subsequence must be a subsequence of some length-M sequence that also does not contain X? Not necessarily: if a sequence Y (length L) does not contain X, we need to show that there exists a length-M sequence Z that contains Y as a subsequence and also does not contain X, and such Z is a subsequence of A, so Y is a subsequence of A. Since all length-M sequences except X are subsequences of A, we just need to find one Z≠X that contains Y as a subsequence. Since Y does not contain X, it's possible to extend Y to length M by appending any characters, but we must ensure the resulting sequence does not equal X. As long as we can choose a completion that does not result in X, we are fine. Since there are many completions (K^(M-L)), and X is only one, as long as M>L, we can always pick a completion different from X, provided that there exists at least one completion. But if Y itself already contains X as a subsequence? Actually, we are considering Y that does not contain X; then any extension of Y (as a sequence) still will contain Y, so it might also contain X if X is a subsequence of Y? But Y does not contain X, so X is not a subsequence of Y. However, an extension might introduce X as a subsequence if the added characters combine with Y to form X. But we only need to find at least one extension that does not result in X. Since X is a fixed sequence of length M, there are many extensions; it's likely possible to avoid X unless Y already forces that any extension of Y results in X? That would mean that Y is a prefix of X and the remaining characters are forced to be the suffix of X to avoid any other length-M sequence? But X is fixed; if Y is a prefix of X of length L, then extensions that continue with the suffix of X would yield X. But we can choose another extension: e.g., change one character in the suffix to something else. Then the resulting length-M sequence is different from X, and still contains Y as a subsequence. So it exists. Unless K=1, but K>=2 per constraints (since M,K <= N and M>=2, K>=2? Actually K can be 2? Yes, K>=2? Constraint says 2 <= M,K <= N, so K>=2). So always possible. So indeed, for any Y that does not contain X as a subsequence, we can find a length-M Z ≠ X containing Y. Therefore, all sequences that do not contain X as a subsequence are subsequences of A. Conversely, if a sequence contains X as a subsequence, it cannot be a subsequence of A because then X would be a subsequence. So the set of subsequences of A is exactly the set of all sequences over [1,K] that do not contain X as a subsequence. That is a stronger characterization: A is "maximal" in the sense that its subsequence set is the complement of the upward-closed set generated by X (the set of sequences containing X). So any A that satisfies the condition must have this property.

Thus the problem reduces to: Count sequences A of length N over [1,K] such that the set of subsequences of A is exactly the set of all sequences that do NOT contain X as a subsequence. In particular, this implies that A itself does not contain X (since X would be in the subsequence set). And A must contain every sequence that does not contain X. So A must be "X-free" and "universal for all X-free sequences". This is reminiscent of the concept of "minimum length of a sequence that avoids X and contains all other sequences of length M"? But here we have fixed length N.

Now, how to count such sequences? This seems connected to the "subsequence automaton" of X. The set of all sequences that avoid X (i.e., do not contain X as a subsequence) can be described by a finite automaton (DFA) where states represent the longest prefix of X that has been matched. The automaton has states 0,...,M (where state M is absorbing and represents having X as a subsequence). The language of sequences avoiding X is the set of words that never reach state M. Let's denote this DFA: states = 0..M-1 (since M is forbidden). Transitions: for each state s (0 <= s < M) and each character c ∈ [1,K]:
- If c == X_{s+1}, then next state = s+1.
- Else, next state = ? It's not necessarily s. Because when we match subsequence greedily, if we see a character that doesn't match the next needed, we might still be able to match a longer prefix? Actually the standard automaton for subsequence matching uses the "next occurrence" idea. For pattern X, the state is the length of the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence of the processed prefix. This is not simply s on mismatch; consider X = "ab", and we process "ba". After 'b', longest prefix matched is 0 because 'b' != 'a'. Then next 'a', we can match 'a' so state becomes 1. So it's not always stay at s. The correct transition: For a given state s (which means that the longest prefix matched so far is s), when we read character c, we need to compute the new longest prefix. This can be computed as: if c == X_{s+1}, then new state = s+1; else, we need to check if c equals some X_i with i <= s? Actually, consider we have already matched prefix of length s; that means X[1..s] is a subsequence of the processed part. Now we add c. We want the longest t such that X[1..t] is a subsequence of the extended sequence. Because X[1..s] is already there, we can try to extend to s+1 if c == X_{s+1}. If not, maybe we can get a longer prefix by using c to match an earlier character of X and then skip some? But we already have the longest prefix s; if c != X_{s+1}, the longest prefix might still be s, because any new subsequence matching a longer prefix would have to include c as the last character, but the last character must be X_{s+1} to get s+1. If c is not X_{s+1}, then the maximum we can achieve is still s (since we already had s, and we cannot extend). However, is it possible that c matches some earlier X_i, allowing a different alignment that yields a longer prefix? For example, suppose X = 1,2,1. State s=1 (matched "1"). Then we read c=1. Here c==X_2? X_2=2, no. But could the new longest prefix be 2? To have prefix length 2, we need subsequence "1,2". The existing sequence already has a '1' somewhere, and now we have another '1'. To form "1,2", we need a '2' after that first '1'. We don't have a '2' yet. So still s=1. So no. Another example: X=1,2,3. s=1 (matched "1"). Read c=2. Then c==X_2, so s becomes 2. Good. Read c=1. Then c != X_2, but we have a '1' which could be used as the first '1' and later we might get '2','3'? But we already have a previous '1' that could serve, and the new '1' could also serve, but the longest prefix remains 1 because we still don't have '2'. So s stays 1. So indeed, if c != X_{s+1}, the new state is s. But wait, what about the case where c equals X_{1} but s>0? Could that allow a longer prefix by resetting? For example, X=1,2,1. s=2 (matched "1,2"). Read c=1. Then c == X_3? X_3=1, yes! So new state=3. That's covered because c==X_{s+1}. If c equals X_1 but s=2, that's not X_{s+1}=X_3, so no. Could it ever happen that c equals X_{s+1} but due to some earlier matching we can get even longer? No, because we already have prefix s, and if c matches X_{s+1}, we get s+1. Could we get s+2 directly? Only if c matches X_{s+2} and we have X_{s+1} already after some reordering? But we need X_{s+1} before X_{s+2} in order; the new character c could be X_{s+2}, but we still need X_{s+1} before it. Since we have X[1..s] already, but we need X_{s+1} as well which is not yet matched. So no. So the transition is indeed: from state s, on character c:
- if c == X_{s+1}, go to s+1.
- else, stay at s.
This is correct for the greedy matching algorithm where we always match the earliest possible occurrence. Proof: In the standard algorithm to check if a word contains X as subsequence, we maintain an index p (starting at 1) and iterate through characters; whenever the character equals X[p], we increment p. That yields the maximal p? Actually it yields the length of the longest prefix that can be matched by scanning left to right and greedily taking the first match. This greedy approach indeed gives the longest prefix because any subsequence matching can be transformed into a greedy one. So the state after processing a prefix is exactly the number of characters of X matched greedily. And the transition given is correct: at state s (meaning we have matched s characters greedily), the next character c: if c equals X_{s+1}, we match it, increasing s; otherwise, we ignore it. So the automaton is a simple chain: states 0..M, with self-loops on all characters except the next needed character, which advances.

Thus the set of sequences that avoid X corresponds to all words that never reach state M (i.e., stay in states 0..M-1). So the language is regular, recognized by this DFA.

Now, the condition that the subsequence set of A is exactly the set of all words that avoid X implies that A itself is a word that avoids X (state never reaches M), and moreover, for every word w that avoids X, w is a subsequence of A. That means that A is a "subsequence-universal" word for the language of X-avoiding words. In other words, A must contain every word in that language as a subsequence. This is reminiscent of the concept of "subsequence universality" or "superpattern" for a regular language. For a given DFA, we want words that contain all words of the language as subsequences. That is a strong property.

We can think in terms of the "subsequence automaton" for the language (the set of all words). The condition that A contains all words of the language L (avoiding X) as subsequences is equivalent to: for every state s (0..M-1) and every possible transition from s via some sequence of characters to reach other states, there must be a subsequence in A that corresponds to that path. More concretely, we need that for every word w that does not contain X, there exists indices i1<...<i_{|w|} such that A_{i_j}=w_j. This is like A being "rich" enough.

This is reminiscent of the concept of "string that contains all strings of length L over alphabet" but here the language is infinite, but we only need to contain all finite words that avoid X. However, since A is finite, it can only contain finitely many subsequences. But the set of all finite words that avoid X is infinite, so it's impossible for a finite sequence A to contain all such words as subsequences because there are arbitrarily long words. Wait, but we earlier argued that all sequences that avoid X are subsequences of A. That would include arbitrarily long sequences. For a fixed finite A of length N, the longest subsequence is N. So A can only contain words of length up to N as subsequences. So it cannot contain words longer than N. So our earlier deduction that the subsequence set of A is the entire set of X-avoiding sequences is false because that set includes sequences of length > N. So we must restrict to length up to N? Actually, the condition only speaks about length-M sequences. It does not require that all X-avoiding sequences of other lengths are present. Only that every length-M sequence except X is present. So we cannot conclude that all X-avoiding sequences are present; only those of length M. However, because the set of subsequences is downward-closed, if all length-M sequences except X are present, then all sequences of length less than M are present (since they are subsequences of some length-M sequence that is present). But sequences longer than M may or may not be present; they are not required. So the subsequence set of A is exactly the set of all sequences that do not contain X and have length at most M? Not exactly: It contains all sequences of length ≤ M that do not contain X. It may also contain some longer sequences that avoid X, but not required. So A's subsequence set is some superset of all length≤M X-avoiding sequences. So A must be carefully constructed to ensure that every length-M sequence except X appears, but X itself does not appear.

Thus the condition is: A avoids X (no subsequence equal to X), and for every other length-M sequence Y ≠ X, Y is a subsequence.

Now, we need to count such A.

Since N ≤ 400, we can consider DP over the automaton states. The condition that X is avoided means we never reach state M. Additionally, we need to ensure that all other length-M sequences appear. How can we enforce that in DP? This is like counting words of length N that avoid X and are "complete" with respect to all other length-M words.

Observation: The automaton for avoiding X is a simple chain. A sequence A that avoids X will correspond to a path in states 0..M-1. At each position, we choose a character; the state updates as described. After N steps, we end in some state s (0 ≤ s ≤ M-1). The property of containing all length-M words except X is a condition on the entire sequence.

We can reinterpret the condition in terms of "subsequence automaton" for X. The condition that a given length-M word Y is a subsequence of A can be expressed in terms of the automaton: Y is a subsequence if and only if when we run the automaton on Y starting from state 0, it reaches state M. Actually, the automaton defined earlier (the one for checking whether Y contains X) is different: it's about X being a subsequence of Y. But we need Y itself as a subsequence of A. So we need a different automaton: one that tracks the longest prefix of Y that has been matched in A. However, we need this for all Y. That's too many.

We need a more structural insight.

Let's take a step back. The condition that A contains all length-M sequences except X means that A is "almost universal". For a fixed M and K, there is a known concept: "subsequence-universal sequences of length N" are those that contain all sequences of length M as subsequences. There is a known characterization: A sequence contains all length-M sequences as subsequences if and only if its "subsequence automaton" (the one that tracks progress for each pattern) is in a sense that it covers all possibilities. But maybe there's a simpler combinatorial condition.

Consider the following: For a sequence A to contain all length-M sequences over alphabet [K], it is necessary and sufficient that for each possible multiset of positions (or something), but there is a known result: The minimum length of a sequence that contains all sequences of length M as subsequences is M*K? Actually, consider constructing a sequence by listing all numbers 1..K in order M times? For example, for K=3, M=2, the sequence (1,2,3,1,2,3) contains all pairs? Let's test: (1,1) appears? Need two 1's in order: in (1,2,3,1,2,3) we have 1 at pos1 and pos4, so (1,1) appears. (1,2): pos1,pos2; (1,3): pos1,pos3; (2,1): pos2,pos4; (2,2): pos2,pos5; (2,3): pos2,pos3; (3,1): pos3,pos4; (3,2): pos3,pos5; (3,3): pos3,pos6. So yes. So length 2*3=6 works. In general, the sequence 1,2,...,K repeated M times (total length M*K) contains all length-M sequences? For any Y of length M, you can match each Y_j with the j-th block: choose the occurrence of the symbol in the j-th block. Since each block contains all symbols, you can pick the appropriate symbol in each block. So indeed, the sequence (1,...,K) repeated M times works. So minimal length to contain all length-M sequences is at most M*K. And it's known that the minimal length is exactly M + K - 1? Wait, that's for contiguous subsequences? For permutations, there is "superpermutation" but for subsequences, it's much easier. Actually, I think the minimal length to contain all sequences of length M as subsequences is M + K - 1? Let's test: K=2, M=2. M+K-1=3. Sequence of length 3: (1,2,1) — does it contain (2,2)? Need two 2's: we have one 2 at pos2, no second 2. So fails. (1,2,2) contains (1,1)? No. (2,1,1) contains (2,2)? No. So length 3 insufficient. So minimal is 4? But M*K=4, so 4 works. For K=2, M=3, M+K-1=4. Can length 4 contain all length-3 sequences? (1,2,1,2)? Contains (1,1,1)? Needs three 1's, only two. So no. So M*K seems necessary? Actually, consider K=2, M=2: need two 1's and two 2's? To have (1,2) and (2,1) and (1,1) and (2,2). (1,1) requires two 1's; (2,2) requires two 2's. So need at least two of each symbol, so length at least 4. So M*K is necessary because for each symbol a, the sequence (a,a,...,a) (M times) must be a subsequence, so A must contain at least M occurrences of a. So total length at least M*K. So M*K is both necessary and sufficient. Hence the minimal length to contain all length-M sequences is M*K. So any sequence of length N that contains all length-M sequences must have at least M copies of each symbol. So for N >= M*K, there exist sequences that contain all; for N < M*K, it's impossible.

Now, in our problem, we require all length-M sequences except X. So we don't need (a,a,...,a) for the case where X is that all-ones sequence? Actually X could be any sequence, possibly including all-ones. So we might not need M copies of some symbols if the missing sequence is the one that requires many copies of a particular symbol. For example, in sample 1: N=5, M=2, K=3, X=(1,1). So we need all pairs except (1,1). Then we don't need to have two 1's? But we still need (1,2),(1,3),(2,1),(2,2),(2,3),(3,1),(3,2),(3,3). For (1,2) we need a 1 before a 2; (1,3) needs 1 before 3; (2,1) needs 2 before 1; etc. (2,2) needs two 2's; (3,3) needs two 3's. So we need at least two 2's and two 3's, but we might need only one 1? Because (1,1) is not required, so maybe one 1 suffices. Indeed, the sample sequences each have exactly one 1? Let's check sample: (2,3,1,2,3): one 1 at position 3. It contains (1,2) (pos3,pos4), (1,3) (pos3,pos5), (2,1) (pos1,pos3), (3,1) (pos2,pos3). Does it contain (2,2)? Two 2's: pos1 and pos4; (3,3): pos2 and pos5; (2,3): pos1,pos2; (3,2): pos2,pos4; (1,1) missing. So it works. So N=5, M=2, K=3, M*K=6, but N=5 <6, yet we can have a sequence containing all but one pair. So the lower bound is relaxed when one pattern is missing.

Thus the general condition: A must contain all length-M sequences except X. This imposes constraints on the counts of each symbol and their order.

Let's think in terms of the "subsequence automaton" for X. Since X is a specific pattern, and we need all other patterns, we can try to characterize the structure of such A. This is reminiscent of the concept of "forbidden subsequence" and "maximal sequences" that avoid a pattern but contain all others. There might be a known combinatorial description: such sequences are exactly those that are "X-free" and "almost complete" in the sense that if you take the shortest prefix that contains each symbol a certain number of times, etc. Perhaps we can use the concept of "critical positions" or "witnesses".

Another approach: The condition that a sequence A contains all length-M sequences except X is equivalent to: for any length-M sequence Y ≠ X, the subsequence Y appears. This is equivalent to: the only length-M sequence that does NOT appear is X. That means that for any Y, if Y ≠ X, then there is a proof (embedding). So the complement condition: For any Y, if Y is not a subsequence of A, then Y must equal X. So A defines a set of missing length-M subsequences, which is either empty or contains X. But we want exactly {X}. So we need to count sequences A that avoid X and for which no other length-M sequence is missed.

Thus we can think of counting sequences that avoid X, and then subtract those that also miss some other Y. But that's Inclusion-Exclusion over all Y ≠ X, which is huge (K^M - 1). Not feasible.

Alternate perspective: The condition that all Y ≠ X are subsequences might be equivalent to some property about the "occurrence" of symbols. For instance, consider the positions of each symbol in A. For each symbol a, consider its occurrences. For a fixed Y = (y1, ..., yM), to be a subsequence, we need to find indices i1<...<iM with A_{i_j}=y_j. This is like a matching condition. It might be encoded by the concept of "multiset of symbols" and "order constraints".

Given that M,N ≤ 400, we might consider DP over the automaton states with additional information to ensure completeness for other patterns. Perhaps we can characterize the condition in terms of the "subsequence automaton" for X: Since X is the only missing length-M sequence, the automaton states tell us how close we are to matching X. To contain all other length-M sequences, A must be such that if we look at the positions of symbols, they must be "rich" enough.

Another idea: The set of length-M sequences that are subsequences of A can be described by the "profile" of the earliest and latest possible matches. For a given symbol a, let's define the positions of a in A. For a sequence Y, a necessary and sufficient condition for Y to be a subsequence is that we can assign each position of Y to an occurrence of that symbol in A in order. This is equivalent to: after sorting the occurrences of each symbol, we need to find a non-decreasing sequence of indices. This is like a "matching" in a bipartite graph where left side is Y positions, right side is positions in A, with edges if symbol matches. The condition that Y is a subsequence is that there exists an increasing mapping. A classic necessary and sufficient condition is: For each prefix of Y, the number of occurrences of each symbol in that prefix must be ≤ the number of occurrences of that symbol in the corresponding prefix of A? Not exactly because the order matters.

Alternatively, think of the following: For A to contain all sequences except X, the only obstruction to subsequence must be X itself. That means that A is "almost universal", and the reason X is missing is that there is some "bottleneck" that prevents X from forming. For example, in sample 1, X=(1,1). The missing pattern requires two 1's, but A has only one 1. So that's the bottleneck: the count of 1's is exactly 1, which is less than M=2. In sample 4, N=29, M=3, K=10, X=(3,3,4). Output 0. That suggests no sequence exists. Why? Perhaps because the missing pattern's constraints force that to have all other triples, the count of some symbol must be at least M, but X may require more of a symbol than what is needed for others? Let's analyze: X=(3,3,4). To contain all other triples, we need to contain (3,4,4) etc. Possibly the necessary condition is that for each symbol a, the number of occurrences of a in A must be at least M, except possibly the symbols that appear in X with high multiplicity? Actually, consider symbol 3: In X, it appears twice. To contain triples like (3,3,3) (if not X), we need three 3's. But X is (3,3,4), so (3,3,3) is a different triple. So (3,3,3) must be a subsequence of A. Therefore, A must have at least three 3's. Similarly, (4,4,4) must also be present, so A must have at least three 4's. So the count of 3's must be at least 3, count of 4's at least 3, etc. In sample 4, maybe the issue is that to contain all other triples, we need a certain ordering that forces X to appear as well? Possibly the only way to contain all other triples forces X to be a subsequence due to pigeonhole principle. So the answer is 0.

Thus, maybe the existence of such sequences is rare and can be characterized by conditions on the counts of symbols and the structure of X.

Let's try to generalize. For a given X of length M, what sequences A avoid X and contain all other length-M sequences? Let's denote cnt[a] = number of occurrences of symbol a in A. We need:
- For any Y ≠ X of length M, Y is a subsequence. In particular, for any symbol a, consider the sequence consisting of M copies of a (i.e., all a's). If this sequence is not X, then it must be a subsequence, so cnt[a] ≥ M. If X is exactly the all-a's sequence, then we don't need that, so cnt[a] can be less than M. Similarly, for any combination, we need certain counts.

Moreover, consider the order constraints. For X=(x1,...,xM). The fact that X is missing implies that there is no increasing sequence of positions matching X. That means that for some prefix of X, the necessary occurrences are not available in order. Typically, the failure to match X can be characterized by the existence of a "critical point" where the count of a certain symbol in the suffix is insufficient. In subsequence avoidance, a sequence A avoids X if and only if for each i, the number of occurrences of x_i after the (i-1)-th matched character is less than needed? Actually, the greedy matching algorithm: we try to match X from left to right. If at some point we cannot find the next character, then X is avoided. So the condition that X is avoidable means that there exists some stage where we run out of that symbol. More formally, define for each symbol a, and for each prefix of X, the required number of a's in that prefix, etc.

But we also need that all other patterns are present. This is reminiscent of the concept of "almost complete sequences" studied in the context of "subsequence closures". There might be a known result: A sequence contains all length-M sequences except X if and only if A can be partitioned into M blocks (or something) such that each block contains all symbols except perhaps one. Let's try to derive.

Consider constructing a sequence that contains all length-M sequences except X. Since we need to contain (a,a,...,a) for any a not appearing as the all-a pattern? Actually for each a, we need to have M a's unless X = all a's. So for all a such that X is not the all-a's sequence, cnt[a] >= M. For those a where X is all a's, cnt[a] can be any number less than M (since having M a's would create X). But also we need other patterns like (a,b,a,...), etc. So we need to ensure that the ordering of symbols allows all combinations. A plausible construction: For each symbol a except possibly the one that appears in X with high frequency, we include M copies. For the symbol(s) that appear in X, we might include fewer copies to avoid forming X. But there are M symbols in X, not necessarily all same. So X may involve multiple symbols. So we need to avoid forming the exact sequence X while still forming all others.

Possible approach: Use dynamic programming over the automaton states, but also keep track of "how many different patterns have been covered"? Not feasible.

Maybe there is a known combinatorial interpretation: The condition that A contains all length-M sequences except X is equivalent to A being "X-free" and having the property that its "subsequence automaton" (states 0..M-1) is "full" in the sense that from each state, for every character c, there is a subsequent occurrence that can advance the state? Actually, to contain all other patterns, we need that for any sequence Y (≠X) of length M, there is a path. This is similar to requiring that the word A is "subsequence-universal" for the language of words of length M except X. This can be rephrased in terms of "ranks" or "order types".

Another angle: Since M and N are up to 400, we might try to use inclusion-exclusion over the missing patterns? But K^M is huge.

Maybe we can characterize the set of sequences that contain all length-M sequences except X as those that fulfill a certain set of inequalities on the frequencies of symbols and some relations. For instance, consider the following concept: For a given A, define for each prefix of X the "leftmost occurrence" and "rightmost occurrence" of each symbol. The condition that X is missing means that there is some "critical" position where the number of occurrences of some symbol is insufficient relative to the suffix positions of other symbols. Perhaps we can use the concept of "profile" of A: Let f(s) be the set of symbols that appear at least s times. Then to have all sequences of length M, we need that for each s from 1 to M, the s-th occurrence of each symbol can be placed in increasing order. But patterns mixing symbols require interleaving.

Let's try to think of a simpler case: M=2. Then the condition is: A contains all ordered pairs (a,b) except possibly (x1,x2). So A must contain all pairs (a,b) ≠ (x1,x2). For a given A, define counts and orders. For M=2, the condition can be characterized completely. Let's analyze M=2.

We need: For every (a,b) except (x1,x2), there exist i<j with A_i=a, A_j=b. This is equivalent to: For any a,b, if (a,b) ≠ (x1,x2), then either a appears before some b? More precisely, for each ordered pair (a,b) that is not (x1,x2), there must be at least one occurrence of a before an occurrence of b. This is like a tournament condition on the order of symbols. For a fixed A, define a relation: a precedes b if there is an occurrence of a before some occurrence of b. This relation may not be transitive. But for all pairs except one, we need that either a precedes b or there is no occurrence of a before any b? Actually we need existence, so for each (a,b) except the forbidden one, we require that there exists an a before a b. That means that either:
- There is at least one a and at least one b, and the first a appears before the last b? Not exactly: The condition is that there is some a that occurs earlier than some b. This is equivalent to: not (all a's occur after all b's). Because if there is at least one a that occurs before some b, then it's satisfied. The only way a pair (a,b) fails is if every occurrence of a is after every occurrence of b (i.e., the last b is before the first a) OR if one of the symbols does not appear at all. But if a does not appear, then no a before b. So for (a,b) to be missing, either a is absent, or b is absent, or all a's are after all b's. So for M=2, the condition that only (x1,x2) is missing means:
- For (x1,x2): either x1 absent, or x2 absent, or all x1's are after all x2's (so no x1 before x2).
- For any other (a,b): we must have at least one a before b. So in particular, for any a,b such that (a,b) ≠ (x1,x2), it cannot be that all a's are after all b's, and also a cannot be absent (unless maybe b is absent? but if a absent, then (a,b) missing, which is not allowed unless (a,b) = (x1,x2). So for any a ≠ x1 or b ≠ x2, we require a appears, and b appears, and there exists an a before a b. So:
  - For every a ∈ [1,K] other than possibly x1, we need at least one occurrence of a (otherwise pairs (a, anything) would be missing). Similarly, for every b other than x2, we need at least one occurrence of b.
  - For every pair (a,b) not equal to (x1,x2), we need that not(all a's after all b's). This implies that the relation "a before b" must hold for all such pairs, except possibly when a=x1 and b=x2 we allow failure.

This imposes a total order on the symbols up to some equivalence? Let's examine the sample: N=5, K=3, X=(1,1). Then we need for all a,b except (1,1): a before b exists. In particular, for (1,2): need 1 before 2. For (1,3): 1 before 3. For (2,1): 2 before 1. For (3,1): 3 before 1. For (2,2): need 2 before 2 (i.e., two 2's). For (3,3): two 3's. Also (2,3): 2 before 3; (3,2): 3 before 2; (2,1) and (3,1) require 2 before 1 and 3 before 1. So we have: 1 must appear after both 2 and 3 (since 2 before 1 and 3 before 1), but also 1 before 2 and 1 before 3? That would be contradictory: 1 before 2 and 2 before 1 cannot both hold. Wait, we need both (1,2) and (2,1) to be present. (1,2) requires a 1 before a 2. (2,1) requires a 2 before a 1. So both must exist. That means there must be at least one 1 before some 2, and also at least one 2 before some 1. This is possible if the 1's and 2's interleave: e.g., a 2 appears, then a 1, then a 2. Then we have 2 before 1 (the first 2 and the 1), and 1 before 2 (the 1 and the later 2). So interleaving is necessary. Similarly for 1 and 3. So the order constraints require that for any two distinct symbols a and b, we must have both a before b and b before a (except possibly when a=b=x1=x2? But here x1=x2=1, so for a=b=1 we don't need (1,1), but we do need (1,1) only if it's not X). Since (1,1) is missing, we don't need two 1's. So for a=b=1, we don't need a before a (i.e., two 1's). For other a=b (2,2;3,3), we need two copies. So the pattern emerges: For M=2, a necessary and sufficient condition for A to contain all pairs except (x1,x2) is:
- For each symbol a, if a ≠ x1 or a ≠ x2? Actually, for a = x1 and a = x2, need to consider separately. Let's derive systematically.

General M=2 case: X=(p,q). Then condition:
- For any a,b with (a,b) ≠ (p,q), there exists i<j with A_i=a, A_j=b.
This implies:
- For any a ≠ p, the pair (a,q) must exist: so a before q. So for all a ≠ p, we need an a before some q.
- For any b ≠ q, the pair (p,b) must exist: so p before b. So for all b ≠ q, we need p before some b.
- For any a≠p, b≠q, (a,b) must exist: need a before b. That includes (a,q) and (p,b) already, but also (a,b) for a,b both not p,q.
- Also for a ≠ p, (a,a) must exist if (a,a) ≠ (p,q). So need two a's for all a such that (a,a) ≠ (p,q). If p=q, then (p,p) = X, so not needed; so for a=p, we don't need two p's. If p≠q, then (p,p) is not X, so need two p's; similarly (q,q) not X, need two q's.
- Also (q,p) must exist if (q,p) ≠ (p,q). That's always true unless p=q, so if p≠q we need q before p.

Thus, the condition imposes a set of precedence constraints: For every a≠p, a before q; for every b≠q, p before b; and for every a,b not equal to p,q, a before b; plus the cycle implications. This is reminiscent of a total order? Actually, consider p before b for all b≠q, and a before q for all a≠p, and also for a,b both not p,q, we need both a before b and b before a? That would force interleaving for all pairs. So it seems that to satisfy all a before b for all a,b (except possibly p before q), we must have that the occurrences of symbols are interwoven such that for any two distinct symbols, there is at least one occurrence of each before the other. This is possible only if each symbol appears at least twice? Not necessarily: For a and b to have both a before b and b before a, we need at least two occurrences of each symbol? Because we need a before b: need some a before some b. And b before a: need some b before some a. This can be achieved with one occurrence of each if they are interleaved? If there is exactly one a and one b, then either a is before b or b before a, not both. So you need at least two occurrences of one of them to have both orders. For example, if we have two b's and one a: b1, a, b2 gives b before a (b1 before a) and a before b (a before b2). So one a and two b's suffices. So the minimal requirement is that each symbol except possibly the one that appears in X with missing self-pair may have count enough to allow mutual precedence with others.

For general M>2, the condition becomes more complex. However, note that the problem constraints are up to 400, which suggests a polynomial-time solution, likely O(N * M * K) or O(N^2). Maybe we can use DP that tracks the current state in the automaton for X and also tracks some "progress" for all other patterns collectively. There might be a known technique: counting sequences that avoid a pattern and are "subsequence-universal" for all other patterns of same length can be reduced to counting sequences that are "good" with respect to the automaton and have certain "critical" counts.

Another direction: Since the missing pattern is only one, the condition might be equivalent to the following: For each prefix of X, the number of occurrences of the symbols in that prefix is such that if we try to match X greedily, we fail at some point, and this failure is unique. Moreover, for any other pattern, we don't fail. That suggests that the "failure point" for X must be such that it is the only obstacle. Possibly, A must contain a "universal" structure: For each i from 1 to M-1, there is a "block" that contains all symbols except maybe X_i?, and the blocks are ordered such that the only missing subsequence is X.

For instance, consider constructing A as follows: Take the sequence that contains all length-M sequences (like the M*K sequence). Then remove one occurrence of a symbol to break X. In sample 1, the full universal sequence for M=2, K=3 is 1,2,3,1,2,3 (length 6). If we remove the first 1, we get 2,3,1,2,3 (length 5). That sequence is (2,3,1,2,3). That's one of the sample sequences? Actually sample sequences are (2,3,1,2,3) and its permutations? Not exactly. (2,3,1,2,3) is one. The other samples are (2,3,1,3,2), (3,2,1,2,3), (3,2,1,3,2). So they seem to be variations: the universal sequence 1,2,3,1,2,3 has pattern; removing the first 1 and then possibly swapping some tails? So maybe the general solution is: A must be any permutation of the multiset that contains exactly M copies of each symbol except possibly for some symbols appearing fewer times, and the order must be such that the only missing pattern is X. But in sample, we have exactly M=2 copies of 2 and 3, and only 1 copy of 1. That's a multiset: counts: cnt[1]=1, cnt[2]=2, cnt[3]=2. For K=3, M=2, the total length N=5 = M*(K-1)+1? Since M*K=6, we have one less. In general, to avoid X, we might need to reduce the count of some symbol(s) relative to M. For X that requires multiple copies of some symbols, we might need to reduce those symbols' counts below M to avoid X, while still having enough to form other patterns that require those symbols.

But is it always the case that the only sequences that work are those with counts exactly M for all symbols except those that appear in X with multiplicity? Let's test sample 2: N=400, M=3, K=9, X=(1,8,6). Output 417833302. Not zero, so there are many sequences. That likely involves many possible counts. So the space of solutions is large.

We need a DP that counts sequences A of length N such that for all Y≠X of length M, Y is a subsequence, and X is not. Since N and M up to 400, we can consider DP over positions and the "state" of the automaton for X, but also we need to ensure that all other patterns are covered. Perhaps we can use the concept of "completion" – we can think of building A from left to right, and maintain for each possible "pattern" how much of it has been matched? That's too many.

Maybe we can think about the complement: The set of length-M subsequences of A is exactly the set of all sequences that are not "extensions" of some "critical prefix"? Could there be a characterization using "block sequences"? For a given A, define a sequence of "critical positions" where the longest prefix of X that can be matched increases. For X avoidance, we have a sequence of states. For A to contain all other length-M sequences, it might be necessary that these states reach every possible value? Let's consider the automaton for X. For any state s (0 ≤ s < M), consider the set of symbols that can be appended to increase the state. For A to contain all other patterns, it might need that for every possible "path" of length M that does not correspond to X, there is a matching subsequence. This is similar to requiring that A is a "universal" word for the automaton where we consider all words of length M that are not exactly the X word. But perhaps we can use the concept of "subsequence automaton" for X to compute the set of words that are subsequences of A. Specifically, the set of subsequences of A can be described by the "subsequence automaton" of A itself, but that's complex.

Wait, maybe there's a simpler combinatorial insight: The condition that all length-M sequences except X appear is equivalent to saying that the "profile" of A (in terms of the positions of symbols) must be such that for any "permutation" of a multiset of symbols, there is an embedding. This might be reducible to a condition on the "suffix minima" or "prefix maxima" of counts.

Another idea: Use the concept of "pattern avoidance" and "extremal combinatorics": the number of sequences of length N that avoid X as a subsequence is well-known (DP with states 0..M-1). Among those, we want those that also contain all other length-M patterns. That means that the "missing" pattern is only X. How can we count those? Perhaps we can count the sequences that avoid X, and then subtract those that also avoid some other Y. But maybe the only sequences that avoid X and also avoid some other Y are those that are "too short" in some sense. Could it be that for a given A, the set of missing length-M patterns is exactly the set of all sequences that cannot be formed due to some "multiset deficiency"? For example, if cnt[a] < M for some a, then any pattern that requires more than cnt[a] occurrences of a is missing. So the missing patterns are those that have more than cnt[a] of some symbol a. But also patterns that require ordering that is impossible due to relative order constraints. In general, the set of missing subsequences is upward-closed under some partial order. For A to have exactly one missing pattern, the "deficiency" must be very specific: there must be exactly one pattern that is missing, and it must be the only one that cannot be formed because of a particular ordering or count constraint.

Thus, the only way to have exactly one missing pattern is that the deficiency is "minimal": possibly there is exactly one symbol a that appears exactly cnt[a] = M-1 times, and all other symbols appear at least M times, and the order is such that the only missing pattern is the one that uses the symbol a M times? But in sample 1, cnt[1]=1, M=2, so cnt[1]=M-1=1, and (1,1) is missing. And other pairs are present. This fits: only one symbol (1) has count M-1, all others have count at least M (2). In sample 3, N=29, M=3, K=10, X=(3,3,3). Then to avoid (3,3,3), we likely need cnt[3] ≤ 2 (M-1). And to contain all other triples, for each other symbol a, we need cnt[a] ≥ 3. Also for symbols other than 3, we need to have interleaving to allow all orders. With N=29, K=10, total required minimal counts: 9 symbols with at least 3 each gives 27, plus one symbol (3) could have 2, total 29. So that matches N exactly. So it's plausible that the only solutions are those where:
- For each symbol a, let r_a = number of times a appears in X (multiplicity). Then we must have cnt[a] = M if r_a = 0? Actually, if a does not appear in X, then the all-a pattern (a,...,a) is not X, so must be present, so cnt[a] ≥ M. If a appears in X with multiplicity r, then the all-a pattern might be X if r=M (i.e., X all a's), then we need cnt[a] < M; else if r < M, then all-a pattern is different from X, so we need cnt[a] ≥ M. So for symbols that appear in X but not all positions, we still need at least M copies. So the only symbol that might have fewer than M copies is the symbol that appears in all positions of X (if X is constant). In sample 3, X is constant 3, so cnt[3] < M. In sample 4, X=(3,3,4) is not constant; both 3 and 4 appear. So all-a patterns for a=3 and a=4 are (3,3,3) and (4,4,4), which are different from X, so we need cnt[3] ≥ 3 and cnt[4] ≥ 3. So minimal total counts: for symbols 1..10, each needs at least 3 copies? But K=10, M=3, so minimal total length would be 10*3=30 if all symbols need 3, but N=29. So it's impossible to have all symbols appear at least 3 times, because 10*3=30 >29. So output 0. That matches sample 4: zero. So the necessary condition is that the total length N must be at least M*(K - t) + (M-1)*t? Where t is the number of symbols that are "critical"? Actually, if X is constant, then one symbol can have M-1 copies, others need M, total = (K-1)*M + (M-1) = M*K -1. In sample 1, M=2, K=3 => M*K-1=5, matches N=5. In sample 3, M=3, K=10 => M*K-1=29, matches N=29. So it appears that when X is constant, N must be exactly M*K-1? But sample 3 N=29, yes. When X is not constant, all symbols need at least M copies, so minimal N = M*K. But N=29, M*K=30, so impossible. So output 0. So far consistent.

But sample 2: N=400, M=3, K=9, X=(1,8,6). Is X constant? No. M*K=27, but N=400 >>27, so it's possible. So the condition is not just about counts; there are many sequences with larger N that work. So the minimal N is M*K or M*K-1 depending on whether X is constant, but N can be larger. So we need to count all sequences of length N (N up to 400) that satisfy the condition, not just minimal ones.

Thus, we need to count sequences A of length N that avoid X and contain all other length-M sequences. For N larger than the minimal, there will be many sequences because we can add extra symbols anywhere as long as they don't create X and don't destroy the property of containing all other patterns. But adding extra symbols might create X? We must avoid X, so we can add symbols that don't cause X to appear. Also, containing all other patterns is already satisfied if the base structure (like a minimal universal sequence) is present as a subsequence. That is, if A contains a subsequence that is a minimal universal sequence for all length-M sequences except X, then A automatically contains all those patterns as subsequences (since subsequence of a subsequence is a subsequence). So the property is monotonic: if A contains a subsequence A' that already satisfies the condition (i.e., contains all length-M sequences except X and avoids X), then A itself will also satisfy the condition? Check: If A' avoids X, then A might still avoid X because X might be a subsequence of A even if not of A'? Actually, if A contains A' as a subsequence, and A' avoids X, it's possible that A contains X due to other symbols. For example, A' = (2,3,1,2,3) avoids (1,1); if we add extra 1's, we might create (1,1). So adding symbols could introduce X. So we need to ensure X is still avoided. So the condition is that A avoids X, and A contains a subsequence that is "universal" for all other length-M patterns. Since the universal subsequence may be shorter, we can think of building A by taking a "core" sequence that already satisfies the condition, and then inserting extra symbols in such a way that X is not created. This suggests a combinatorial counting: count all sequences of length N that avoid X and contain a given "core" as subsequence? But there may be many cores.

Alternatively, we can think of the following: The set of subsequences of A that are length-M is exactly all sequences except X. So if we consider the function that maps A to its set of length-M subsequences, we want that set to be full minus {X}. Since N is small, we could possibly do DP over the automaton for X, but also track how many of the other patterns have been "covered"? That seems too large.

Perhaps there is a known result: The condition that A contains all length-M sequences except X is equivalent to the condition that the "greedy" automaton for X never reaches state M, and for each state s < M, the multiset of symbols encountered after that state is "rich" enough to allow all completions. Actually, consider the process of scanning A and tracking the longest prefix of X matched. At each point, we have a state s. The characters we have seen so far have matched a certain prefix of X. For any length-M pattern Y ≠ X, we need to find an embedding. That embedding can be thought of as: we can try to match Y in A in a greedy manner as well. For Y to be present, it suffices that the greedy matching algorithm for Y, when run on A, succeeds. The greedy algorithm for Y is analogous: maintain the next needed character of Y. So we need that for every Y ≠ X, the greedy algorithm on A does not get stuck before matching all M characters.

Now, note that the greedy algorithm for X is the same as the automaton we already have. So we need that for all Y ≠ X, the greedy algorithm (with respect to Y) succeeds, but for X it fails. Is there a way to characterize failure of greedy for X? The greedy algorithm for X fails if at some point we need a character of X but it doesn't appear later. More formally, define for each state s (0 ≤ s < M), the suffix of A after the position where we have matched the first s characters of X. For the greedy to fail, there must be some s such that the next needed character X_{s+1} does not appear in the suffix after the position where we have matched the first s characters. But since we are using the earliest-match greedy, the positions where we match are the first occurrences of the needed characters. So the failure condition is: there exists an index i (0 ≤ i < M) such that after matching the first i characters of X using the earliest possible positions, the character X_{i+1} does not appear in the remaining suffix. For A to avoid X, this must happen for some i. For A to contain all other Y, we need that for any Y ≠ X, the greedy algorithm for Y does not get stuck. In particular, for any Y that is a prefix of X? Not necessarily.

Idea: Perhaps the only way for the greedy to fail for X but succeed for all other Y is that the failure occurs at a unique "critical" position where the required symbol is missing, and that symbol is exactly the one that appears in X with multiplicity such that all other patterns can be formed by using alternative symbols. For example, in the constant X case, the failure is at the first needed character that is missing (the second '1' in sample 1). For other Y, because they involve at most one 1 (or other patterns), they can be formed.

Consider the general case: Suppose we have a sequence A that avoids X. Let the greedy matching for X yield matched positions p1 < p2 < ... < p_t for some t < M, and then for character X_{t+1}, there is no occurrence after p_t. So the suffix after p_t contains no X_{t+1}. Now, for any other Y, we need to match it. If Y uses a symbol that is missing in that suffix, but perhaps we can use earlier occurrences? Since Y is not X, it may have a different pattern that can be matched before p_t or using different symbols. The fact that X_{t+1} is missing in the suffix might be the only deficiency. So maybe the condition implies that there exists a unique "missing symbol" at a particular stage such that any pattern that requires that symbol at that stage is X. In other words, the only pattern that cannot be formed is the one that requires the missing symbol at the specific step where it is missing.

Thus, we can perhaps characterize sequences A that satisfy the condition in terms of their "profile" of counts of symbols in suffixes after certain positions. This suggests a DP that tracks:
- The current state s (longest prefix of X matched greedily so far).
- The number of occurrences of each symbol in the remaining suffix? But we need to ensure that for all Y, there is a match. That is a global condition.

Maybe we can use the concept of "de Bruijn sequence" for subsequences: the minimal sequence that contains all length-M sequences is the repeating block 1..K M times. For the case where one pattern is missing, we can take that minimal sequence and delete one occurrence of a symbol that is the "critical" one, as in sample. For larger N, we can insert extra characters anywhere, as long as we don't introduce X. So perhaps all sequences that satisfy the condition are exactly those that contain a particular "core" subsequence (like a minimal almost-universal sequence) and avoid X. And the core is essentially the sequence obtained by taking M copies of each symbol, except possibly one symbol has M-1 copies, arranged in a specific order that ensures all patterns except X appear. The specific order might be the "canonical" order: first all symbols except the critical one, then the critical one, then again all symbols, etc. But sample 1 shows variations: (2,3,1,2,3) and (2,3,1,3,2) and others. So there are multiple orders for the core. Also, for non-constant X, the core might be more complicated.

Given N up to 400, perhaps we can do DP over the automaton with additional state representing the "multiset of remaining symbols needed to cover all patterns"? Not feasible.

Another angle: Since the condition is that all length-M sequences except X are present, this is equivalent to: For any sequence Y of length M that is not X, there is an increasing map from Y to A. This can be rephrased as: The "subsequence poset" of A contains all antichains? Not helpful.

Maybe we can use inclusion-exclusion over the missing patterns but with a combinatorial structure that simplifies. The set of length-M sequences that are not subsequences of A is some set S. We want S = {X}. There might be a known structural result: For a fixed A, the set of missing subsequences of length M is either empty or contains a unique minimal element under some order, and that minimal element is the "obstruction". Possibly the minimal element is the one that is "lexicographically smallest" among missing patterns? Not sure.

Alternatively, we can think in terms of the "longest common subsequence" with X? Not.

Let's try to derive necessary conditions on the counts of symbols and their order. For each symbol a, let occ_a be the list of positions where a occurs. For any pattern Y, an embedding is a choice of one occurrence from each symbol's list in order. This is a classic problem: given sequences of positions, the set of patterns that can be formed is all sequences whose "order type" is compatible with the relative order of the selected positions. For A to contain all patterns except X, the only obstruction must be that for some ordering of symbols, one cannot pick positions in order to match X. This suggests that the positions of symbols must be "interleaved" in such a way that the only missing pattern is the one that corresponds to a specific "critical" ordering. This is reminiscent of the concept of "permutation pattern" avoidance, but here symbols can repeat.

Given the constraints (N, M, K up to 400), perhaps we can use DP that builds A from left to right and keeps track of "how many times each symbol has been seen so far", and also "the current state in the automaton for X". But we also need to ensure that all other patterns will eventually appear. Since we are building the whole sequence, we can incorporate conditions that at the end, the counts of symbols must satisfy certain lower bounds (like for each a, cnt[a] >= M unless all-a is X, etc.). But that's only necessary, not sufficient. Additionally, there are ordering constraints. However, perhaps for N >= M*K (or M*K-1), the ordering constraints are automatically satisfied if the counts are sufficiently large and the positions are arranged appropriately? For example, if we have at least M copies of each symbol (except possibly one), and we arrange them in any order, will we always contain all length-M sequences? No, consider K=2, M=2, we need all pairs except maybe (1,1). Suppose we have cnt[1]=2, cnt[2]=2, but the order is (1,1,2,2). This contains (1,2) (positions 1,3), (2,1)? Need a 2 before a 1: we have 2 at position 3, 1 at position 1? No, 3>1, so no 2 before 1. So (2,1) missing. So not all patterns. So order matters. So we need interleaving: the sequences must have a mixing that allows both orders. For two symbols, to have both (1,2) and (2,1), we need at least one 1 before a 2 and at least one 2 before a 1. This is possible if the sequence is not monotonic. For more symbols, similar.

Thus, the condition imposes that the relative order of symbols must be such that for any two symbols a and b (including same), there is at least one a before a b and at least one b before an a (except possibly when a=b and the all-a pattern is X). This is a strong condition. In fact, it is equivalent to saying that the sequence is "universal for ordered pairs" (i.e., contains all ordered pairs) except the forbidden one. For M=2, that's exactly the condition. For M>2, we need all ordered M-tuples, which is even more restrictive. So the necessary condition is that for every "pattern" of length M, there is an embedding. This is essentially requiring that A is a "sequence that is universal for all patterns of length M" except one. This is similar to the concept of "M-universal sequences" up to one missing pattern. There might be a known characterization: such sequences are exactly those that can be partitioned into M "blocks" where each block contains all symbols except possibly the missing pattern's symbol at that position? Let's explore.

Consider constructing a sequence that contains all length-M sequences except X. A known construction for the full universal sequence (all patterns) is the "de Bruijn" type: repeat the block (1,2,...,K) M times. That sequence can be thought of as having M layers; in the i-th layer, we have all symbols, and by picking one symbol from each layer in order, we can form any sequence. Now, if we want to avoid X, we can modify this construction by removing one occurrence of a specific symbol from a specific layer, so that the pattern X becomes impossible. For example, if X=(1,1) in M=2, we can take the two-layer sequence (1,2,3) (first block) and (1,2,3) (second block). If we delete the first '1' from the first block, we get (2,3,1,2,3). That's the sequence we saw. Alternatively, delete the second '1'? That would give (1,2,3,2,3) which is (1,2,3,2,3). Does it contain all pairs except (1,1)? Check: (1,1) missing because only one 1; (2,1) requires 2 before 1: we have 2 at pos2, 1 at pos1? No, pos1 is 1, pos2 is 2, so no 2 before 1; (3,1) similarly. So fails. So the deletion must be such that the order is preserved for other pairs. In the canonical construction (1,2,...,K) repeated M times, deleting the very first occurrence of a symbol (the one that appears in the first block) might break some patterns. So there are specific deletion positions that preserve universality for other patterns. In sample 1, the sequences that work are those where the first occurrence of 1 is after the first occurrences of 2 and 3, and the second occurrence of 2 and 3 are after that 1. Essentially, the order of the first occurrences of each symbol must be such that the symbol that is missing (1) appears only once and after all other symbols' first occurrences. That ensures that for any pair (a,1) with a≠1, we have a before 1 (since a's first occurrence is before 1's only occurrence), and for any pair (1,a), we have 1 before a (since 1's only occurrence is before the second occurrence of a? Actually, we have a second occurrence of a after 1, so 1 before a holds as well). So the only missing pair is (1,1) because there's only one 1.

So for M=2, the condition reduces to: there is exactly one symbol (the one that appears in the forbidden pair) that appears exactly once, and all other symbols appear at least twice, and the order of occurrences must be such that the first occurrences of all other symbols are before the single occurrence of the special symbol, and the second occurrences of all other symbols are after it. That ensures all ordered pairs except (special, special). Indeed, if we have such an arrangement, then:
- (a,b) for a,b not special: both appear at least twice, and because there are first occurrences before special and second after, we can always find a before b using first occurrences if needed, or second occurrences. Actually need to ensure both orders: For (a,b), we need a before b. If a and b are both not special, we have two copies of each. Since the first occurrences of all non-special symbols are before the special, but they may be in any order among themselves. For any a and b, we need at least one a before b and at least one b before a. This is guaranteed if the sequence of first occurrences is a permutation of the non-special symbols, and the sequence of second occurrences is also a permutation? But if the first occurrences are all before the special, and the second occurrences are all after the special, then for any a,b, we can use first occurrence of a and second occurrence of b (if a's first is before b's second, which is true because first occurrences are all before special and second occurrences after special, so first(a) < special < second(b) for any a,b, so we have a before b. Similarly, first(b) before second(a) gives b before a. So both orders hold. So indeed, any arrangement where all non-special symbols appear at least twice, with their first occurrences before the special occurrence and second occurrences after, works. For the special symbol, it appears exactly once, so (special,special) is missing. Also (special, a) works because special (only once) is before second(a); (a, special) works because first(a) before special. So all pairs covered. So the condition for M=2 is exactly that there is a unique symbol s such that the forbidden pair is (s,s)? Not exactly, the forbidden pair could be (p,q) with p≠q. Let's test M=2, X=(1,2). Then we need all pairs except (1,2). What are the conditions? We need (1,1) present: so need two 1's. (2,2) present: two 2's. (1,3),(3,1),(2,3),(3,2),(3,3) present. And (1,2) missing. So we need to avoid an occurrence of 1 before an occurrence of 2. That means every 1 must appear after every 2? Because if there is any 1 before a 2, then (1,2) exists. So to avoid (1,2), we must have all 1's after all 2's (i.e., the last 2 is before the first 1). Also we need (2,1) present: need a 2 before a 1. That is automatically satisfied if there is at least one 2 and one 1 and the 2's are all before the 1's. Then (2,1) holds. For (1,1): need two 1's, which can be both after all 2's. For (2,2): need two 2's, both before all 1's. For other symbols (3), we need (1,3): need 1 before 3. Since 1's are after all 2's, we need a 3 after at least one 1. Similarly (3,1): need 3 before 1: need a 3 before the first 1. So we need 3's both before the first 1 and after the last 2? Possibly. Also (2,3): need 2 before 3, so a 3 after some 2; (3,2): need 3 before 2, so a 3 before some 2. So 3's must interleave with 2's and 1's. So the condition becomes more complex when X is not a constant pair. However, we can generalize: For M=2, the structure is determined by the forbidden pair (p,q). The condition is:
- All occurrences of p must be after all occurrences of q? Because to avoid (p,q), we must have no p before q. So the set of positions of p must be all greater than all positions of q (i.e., all p after all q). For other pairs, we need both orders. So for any other symbol a different from p and q, we need a before p and p before a? Actually (p,a): need p before a, so a must have an occurrence after some p; (a,p): need a before p, so a must have an occurrence before some p. So a must appear both before and after at least one p. Similarly with q: (q,a) requires q before a, (a,q) requires a before q. So a must appear both before and after q. And also (a,a) requires two a's. So overall, the structure is: The positions of q are all before the positions of p. For any other symbol a, we need at least one occurrence in the interval before q (to have a before p and a before q? Actually a before p is satisfied if there is a before the first p; but we also need a before q, so a must appear before q as well? Wait, (a,q) requires a before q, so there must be an a before the last q? Since all q are before all p, the condition a before q means a occurs before some q; but if all q are before p, a before q implies a occurs before q. Similarly, a before p is automatically satisfied if a before q? Since q before p, a before q implies a before p. Conversely, a after q (i.e., after some q) is needed for (q,a) and (p,a)? For (q,a): need q before a, so a must occur after the first q. For (p,a): need p before a, so a must occur after the first p. So a must have occurrences both before the start of q and after the end of p? Actually, to have a before q, we need some a that is earlier than at least one q; to have a after p, we need some a later than at least one p. Since all q are before all p, we need a to have at least one occurrence before the first p? Actually, we can have a occurrence between q and p as well. Let's think: positions: all q's come first (let's say set Q), then possibly some other symbols, then all p's. For a to have a before q, it must be in Q region or before? But Q region contains only q's? Not necessarily, other symbols can intermingle. So the general condition is that the set of positions of p and q are separated: all q before all p. For any other symbol a, we need:
- an occurrence of a that is before some occurrence of q (to have a before q, and also a before p automatically because q before p)
- an occurrence of a that is after some occurrence of p (to have p before a, and also q before a automatically because q before p)
- also need two a's if a appears as (a,a), which can be satisfied by having at least two occurrences in total (one before q and one after p works).
Thus, the structure is: there is a separation point: all q's and possibly some a's in the left part, then some gap, then all p's and possibly some a's in the right part, but also a's can appear in the middle? Actually the requirement a before q implies there must be an a that is earlier than at least one q; this a could be in the left part (before any q) or among q's. Similarly, a after p implies an a later than at least one p. So the minimal structure is: left part containing some occurrences of all symbols except maybe p? Actually p cannot appear in left part because all p must be after all q, but p could appear after q but before some q? No, all p after all q, so p cannot appear in left part. Similarly, q cannot appear in right part. So the left part consists of occurrences of q and other symbols (a), and the right part consists of occurrences of p and other symbols. Additionally, to satisfy a before q, we need at least one a in the left part (or maybe in left part but after some q? Actually a before q means a occurs earlier than some q; if a occurs after all q, then it cannot be before any q. So a must occur before at least one q, i.e., in the left part but before the last q? It could be interleaved with q as long as it appears before some q. So a can be anywhere in the left part as long as there is a q after it. Similarly, for a after p, a must be after some p, so it can be in the right part interleaved with p. So the existence of such a structure for all a ensures all other pairs are present. Also for the symbol p and q themselves, we need (p,p): need two p's; (q,q): need two q's; and (p,q) missing; (q,p) present automatically because q before p (since all q before all p). So we need at least two p's and two q's. So the minimal counts: cnt[p] >=2, cnt[q] >=2, and for each other a, cnt[a] >=2 (one in left, one in right). Total minimal length = 2*(K-2) + 2+2 = 2K. That is M*K=2K. So for non-constant X, minimal N=2K. For constant X, we had N=2K-1. So the necessary condition for existence when N=2K-1 is that X is constant; when N>=2K, any X might be possible. In sample 4, N=29, M=3, K=10, so M*K=30, N=29 <30, so only possible if X is constant (since minimal for non-constant is 30). But X=(3,3,4) is not constant, so 0. That matches.

Thus, for general M, we can hypothesize:
- If X is constant (all entries equal to some c), then the minimal length to contain all other length-M sequences is M*K - 1. For N >= M*K-1, we can have solutions. For N < M*K-1, 0.
- If X is not constant, then the minimal length is M*K. For N < M*K, 0; for N >= M*K, solutions exist.

But sample 2: N=400, M=3, K=9, M*K=27, N >27, so solutions exist. So the counting problem is non-trivial for N >= threshold.

Now, how to count all sequences of length N that avoid X and contain all other length-M patterns? Given that N can be larger than minimal, we might be able to characterize the solutions as sequences that can be built by inserting extra "redundant" symbols into a minimal core sequence, subject to not creating X. The core sequence is one that already satisfies the condition and has minimal length (M*K or M*K-1). The core sequences themselves might have a specific structure: they consist of M "blocks", each block containing each symbol exactly once, except possibly one block missing one symbol (the critical one) when X is constant. This is suggested by the construction: For the full universal case (all patterns), the repeating block (1..K) M times works. For the missing constant X, we can take that construction and delete one occurrence of the constant symbol from one of the blocks (the first block) to avoid the all-constant pattern. But other modifications are possible: we could rearrange the order of symbols within each block, as long as the "critical" symbol's only occurrence is placed such that it appears after all other symbols' first occurrences and before all other symbols' last occurrences? For M>2, similar structure may apply.

Let's explore M=3, K=2, X not constant? For M=3, K=2, minimal length for full universal is 6 (M*K=6). If X is non-constant, say X=(1,2,1). Then we need to contain all triples except (1,2,1). Minimal length might be 6? Let's try to construct a length 6 sequence that avoids (1,2,1) but contains all other triples. For K=2, all triples are: (1,1,1), (1,1,2), (1,2,1), (1,2,2), (2,1,1), (2,1,2), (2,2,1), (2,2,2). All except (1,2,1). Can we have a length 6 sequence? We need at least 3 copies of each symbol? Because (1,1,1) needs three 1's; (2,2,2) needs three 2's. So cnt[1]>=3, cnt[2]>=3, total 6. So minimal N=6. Is there a sequence of length 6 that contains all triples except (1,2,1)? Let's try (1,1,2,2,1,2). Check: (1,2,1)? Look for 1, then 2, then 1: positions (1,3,5) gives 1,2,1? 1 at pos1, 2 at pos3, 1 at pos5: yes, that's (1,2,1). So fails. Try (1,1,2,2,2,1): (1,2,1) can be (1,3,6): 1,2,1; fails. Try (1,2,2,1,1,2): (1,2,1) from (1,2,4): 1,2,1; fails. Try (1,2,1,2,2,1): obviously contains itself. So perhaps it's impossible? Maybe minimal N is larger? Let's think: To avoid (1,2,1), we need that there is no 1, then later 2, then later 1. That means that after the first 1 that is followed by a 2, there cannot be another 1. In other words, all 1's that occur after a 2 must be before that 2? Actually, we need to avoid pattern 1...2...1. So if we list the occurrences of 1's and 2's, the condition is that there is no occurrence of 1 that has a 2 after it and then another 1 after that 2. This is reminiscent of avoiding the pattern "1,2,1" as a subsequence. For binary alphabet, the sequences that avoid (1,2,1) as a subsequence are those that are "2-avoiding" after the first 1? Actually, known result: A binary sequence avoids subsequence 1,2,1 if and only if after the first occurrence of 2, there is at most one 1 (or none). More precisely, the sequence must be of the form: some 1's, then all 2's, then possibly some 1's? But if we have 1, then 2, then 1, that's the pattern. So to avoid, we can have 1's only before any 2, or only after all 2's, but not both sides. However, we also need to contain all other triples. We need (1,1,1) so three 1's. If all 1's are before all 2's, then (2,2,2) requires three 2's after all 1's, OK. But then (1,2,2) would require 1 before 2, which exists; (2,1,1) would require 2 before 1, but no 1 after 2, so fails. So cannot have all 1's before all 2's. If all 1's after all 2's, then (1,1,1) OK, (2,2,2) OK, but (1,2,2) fails because need 1 before 2. So we need 1's on both sides to get both orders. But then pattern (1,2,1) appears. So it's impossible to contain all other triples while avoiding (1,2,1) for K=2? Let's check if any sequence of any length can contain all triples except (1,2,1). For binary alphabet, the set of triples is 8. If (1,2,1) is missing, can we have all others? We need (1,1,1): three 1's; (2,2,2): three 2's; (1,1,2): 1,1 before 2; (1,2,2): 1 before 2,2; (2,1,1): 2 before 1,1; (2,2,1): 2,2 before 1; (2,1,2): 2 before 1 before 2. That last pattern (2,1,2) requires a 2, then a 1, then a 2. This pattern is like 2,1,2. To have (2,1,2), we need a 2 before a 1 and a 1 before a later 2. That implies there is a 1 between two 2's. Similarly, (1,2,2) requires 1 before two 2's. So the sequence must have 2's on both sides of a 1. That essentially forces a 1 between 2's. And then (1,2,1) would be possible if there is a 1 after that 2? Actually, if we have 1 between two 2's, say ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ..., then we have a 1 (the middle) and a 2 before it and after it. That gives (2,1,2) and also (1,2,1) would require a 1 before that 2? For (1,2,1), we need 1, then 2, then 1. The 1 before the 2 could be the same 1? No, need three distinct positions: first 1, then 2, then another 1. If we have 2,1,2 as in the pattern, we have a 1 between 2's. To get (1,2,1), we need a 1 before the first 2 and a 1 after the second 2. That would be two 1's on both sides. But we already have one 1 in the middle. So if we have at least three 1's, we could have 1 before first 2, the middle 1, and 1 after last 2? That would create (1,2,1) using the first 1, the first 2, and the last 1. So to avoid (1,2,1), we cannot have a 1 both before the first 2 and after the last 2. So we can have 1's only on one side of the 2's? But then (2,1,2) would be impossible because it requires a 1 between two 2's. So it seems impossible for K=2, M=3, non-constant X? Let's test if there is any sequence (maybe longer) that works. Perhaps the minimal length for non-constant X is actually larger than M*K. For M=3, K=2, M*K=6, but maybe it's impossible to have all triples except one if X is not constant. Could it be that for binary alphabet, the only possible missing pattern is the constant one? Let's check: M=3, K=2, possible X: constant (1,1,1) or (2,2,2), or non-constant like (1,1,2), (1,2,1), (1,2,2), etc. For X=(1,1,2), we need to avoid (1,1,2). To contain all others, we need (1,1,1) (three 1's), (2,2,2) (three 2's), (1,2,1), (1,2,2), (2,1,1), (2,1,2), (2,2,1). Is that possible? Let's try to see if we can avoid any 1 before a 2 after two 1's? Actually pattern (1,1,2) means two 1's then a 2. To avoid, we must not have two 1's before any 2. So the 1's must be such that at most one 1 occurs before the first 2. That is, all 1's after the first 2? But then (1,1,1) requires three 1's, so all three would be after the first 2. Then (1,2,1) would need 1 before 2 before 1; if all 1's are after the first 2, then the first 1 is after some 2, so we can have 2 before 1, but we need 1 before 2 for (1,2,1) — that would require a 1 before a 2, which is not available. So fails. So maybe impossible. For X=(1,2,2), similar reasoning. So it seems for binary alphabet, the only possible missing pattern for M=3 might be the constant ones. Perhaps in general, for any K, the only possible missing pattern X for which sequences exist are those that are "constant" or have a specific structure like all occurrences of a single symbol? But sample 2 has X=(1,8,6) non-constant and output non-zero, so for K=9, M=3, there are solutions. So binary alphabet is a special case due to small K. So the existence condition might be that K >= 3? But K can be 2, M=2 gave constant X (1,1) works; for M=3, K=2, it might be impossible for non-constant X. Let's verify: Could there exist any sequence of length N (any N) that contains all triples over {1,2} except (1,2,1)? We argued it seems impossible because the requirements force both orders. Let's try a longer sequence: Suppose we have many copies. To have (2,1,2), we need a 1 between two 2's. To have (1,2,2), we need a 1 before two 2's. To have (2,1,1), we need a 2 before two 1's. To have (1,1,2), we need two 1's before a 2. To have (2,2,1), we need two 2's before a 1. All these must be satisfied. Consider the positions of 1's and 2's. Let the multiset of positions be. For (2,1,2), there must exist positions i<j<k with A_i=2, A_j=1, A_k=2. So there is a 1 between two 2's. For (1,2,2), there must exist i<j<k with A_i=1, A_j=2, A_k=2. So there is a 1 before two 2's. For (2,1,1), there must exist i<j<k with A_i=2, A_j=1, A_k=1. So there is a 2 before two 1's. For (1,1,2), there must exist i<j<k with A_i=1, A_j=1, A_k=2. So there are two 1's before a 2. These together imply that 1's and 2's are heavily interleaved. It might be possible with infinite length, but is there a finite sequence? Let's try to construct a sequence that satisfies all these. Start with a 1? Actually, we need two 1's before a 2, so early on we need two 1's before the first 2. So the first two elements could be 1,1. Then we need a 2 after them, so third element 2: sequence (1,1,2). Now we have (1,1,2) satisfied. Next, we need (2,1,1): need a 2 before two 1's. We have a 2 at position 3. We need two 1's after that. So we can add 1,1: (1,1,2,1,1). Now we have (2,1,1) using positions (3,4,5). Next, need (2,1,2): need a 2, then 1, then 2. We have 2 at pos3, 1 at pos4, need a 2 after pos4. So add a 2: (1,1,2,1,1,2). Now we have (2,1,2) using (3,4,6). Next, need (1,2,2): need 1 before two 2's. We have 1 at pos4, 2 at pos6, need another 2 after pos4 after pos6? Actually need two 2's after a 1, so we need another 2 after pos6 as well. So add a 2: (1,1,2,1,1,2,2). Now we have (1,2,2) using (4,6,7). Next, need (2,2,1): need two 2's before a 1. We have 2's at pos6,7, and a 1 after? We need a 1 after them, so add a 1: (1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1). Now we have (2,2,1) using (6,7,8). Now we also need (1,2,1): that would be 1,2,1. We have many 1's and 2's; does the sequence contain (1,2,1)? Check: pos1=1, pos3=2, pos8=1 gives (1,2,1). So it appears. But we are trying to avoid (1,2,1). So we cannot have that pattern. In our construction, it appeared. Maybe we can avoid it by careful ordering? Could we arrange to have all required patterns but not (1,2,1)? The problem is that (1,2,1) seems to be a consequence of the other requirements. Perhaps it's unavoidable: if you have a 1 between two 2's (for (2,1,2)), and you have a 1 before the first 2 (for (1,2,2)), then you have a 1 before a 2 (the first 1), and a 1 after the same 2 (the middle 1), giving (1,2,1) using the first 1, that 2, and the later 1. So to avoid (1,2,1), you cannot have both a 1 before that 2 and a 1 after that 2. But (2,1,2) requires a 1 between two 2's, so there is a 1 after a 2. (1,2,2) requires a 1 before some 2. If the same 2 can be used, then (1,2,1) appears. Could we use different 2's? For (1,2,2), we need a 1 before two 2's; say we use 2's at positions p and q. For (2,1,2), we need a 2, then a 1, then a 2; say we use 2's at positions r and s, and 1 at t. To avoid (1,2,1), we need that there is no 1 before a 2 and another 1 after that same 2. So we could try to have the 1 that appears after a 2 (for (2,1,2)) be the only 1 after that particular 2, and ensure that any 1 before that 2 is not used with the same 2 for (1,2,1). But the pattern (1,2,1) only requires existence of any 1 before any 2 and any 1 after that same 2. So if there exists any 2 that has a 1 before it and a 1 after it, then (1,2,1) exists. So to avoid, for every 2, either no 1 before it or no 1 after it. But we need (2,1,2): there must exist a 2 with a 1 after it (and then another 2 after that 1). So that 2 has a 1 after it. To avoid (1,2,1), that 2 must have no 1 before it. So all 1's that are before any 2 must be before some 2 that has no 1 after? But we also need (1,2,2): there must exist a 1 before two 2's. So there exists a 1 before some 2's. That 2 (the first of those two) will have a 1 before it. To avoid (1,2,1), that 2 must have no 1 after it. But then we cannot have (2,1,2) using that 2 because (2,1,2) requires a 1 after that 2. So we need two different 2's: one that has a 1 before it and no 1 after, and another that has a 1 after it and no 1 before. Is that possible? Possibly. But also we need (2,2,1): two 2's before a 1. That means there is a pair of 2's both before some 1. That 1 is after those 2's. That gives a 2 with a 1 after it (the second 2) and that 2 might also have a 1 before? Not necessarily. And we need (1,1,2): two 1's before a 2. That gives a 2 with a 1 before it. So we need a 2 that has a 1 before it (from (1,1,2)), and a different 2 that has a 1 after it (from (2,1,2) or (2,2,1)). So far so good. But we also need (2,1,1): a 2 before two 1's. That gives a 2 with two 1's after it. That 2 will have a 1 after it, so it must have no 1 before it to avoid (1,2,1). So that 2 can be the one with 1 after it. And (2,1,2) also gives a 2 with a 1 after it. So we can use the same 2 for both. Now we also need (1,2,2): a 1 before two 2's. That gives a 1 before some 2. That 2 will have a 1 before it, so to avoid (1,2,1), that 2 must have no 1 after it. So that 2 must be different from the 2 that has 1 after it. So we need at least two distinct 2's: one with only before-1 and no after-1, and one with only after-1 and no before-1. Similarly, for 1's, we need two 1's before a 2 (from (1,1,2)), so those 1's are before that 2. That 2 cannot have any 1 after it, so those 1's are all before it. For (2,1,1), we need two 1's after a 2, so those 1's are after that 2, and that 2 cannot have any 1 before it. So the 1's are partitioned into those that appear before the "before-only" 2 and those that appear after the "after-only" 2. But we also need (1,2,1) is avoided, so the 1's that appear before any 2 must not be followed by a 2 that also has a 1 after. So we can separate the 2's into two groups: left-group (only before-1, no after-1) and right-group (only after-1, no before-1). The 1's are split: all 1's that appear before any 2 must be before left-group 2's (and not after right-group 2's), and all 1's that appear after any 2 must be after right-group 2's. Is it possible to also satisfy (1,2,2) and (2,1,1) and (1,1,2) and (2,2,1) and (2,1,2) simultaneously? Let's attempt a concrete construction. Let left-group 2's be L, right-group 2's be R. We need:
- (1,1,2): two 1's before some 2. So there must be at least two 1's in the left part (before any L 2? Actually the 2 could be from L, so two 1's before that L 2). So left part has at least two 1's.
- (1,2,2): one 1 before two 2's. Could be left 1 before two L 2's? But those L 2's have no 1 after them, so we can have two L 2's after that 1. So left part has at least two L 2's after at least one 1.
- (2,1,2): a 2, then a 1, then a 2. This must involve R 2's for the first 2? Possibly use a R 2 as first, then a 1 (which must be after that R 2), then another R 2? But the 1 after the first R 2; that 1 could be in the right part. So right part has at least one R 2, then some 1, then another R 2.
- (2,1,1): a 2 before two 1's. Could be R 2 before two 1's in right part.
- (2,2,1): two 2's before a 1. Could be two R 2's before a 1 in right part.
- (1,1,2) already satisfied by left part.
- (2,2,2) requires three 2's. We have at least two L and two R? Actually we need three 2's total. Could be two L and one R or vice versa.
- (1,1,1) requires three 1's: left part at least two, right part at least two? Actually (2,1,1) requires two 1's after a 2, so right part has at least two 1's. So total 1's at least 4? But we only need three 1's for (1,1,1). So possible.

Thus, a sequence like: left part: 1,1,2,2 (two 1's then two L 2's) then right part: 2,1,1,2 (first 2 is R, then 1's, then another R 2). That gives sequence: 1,1,2,2,2,1,1,2. Let's test all triples:
- (1,1,1): positions 1,2,6/7? There are three 1's? positions 1,2,6,7: yes, (1,1,1) exists (1,2,6).
- (2,2,2): positions 3,4,5,8: three 2's exist (3,4,5).
- (1,1,2): 1,1,2: (1,2,3) -> 1,1,2 works.
- (1,2,2): 1,2,2: (1,3,4) works.
- (2,1,1): 2,1,1: (3,6,7) works.
- (2,2,1): 2,2,1: (3,4,6) works.
- (2,1,2): 2,1,2: (3,6,8) works? 2 at3,1 at6,2 at8 gives 2,1,2.
- (1,2,1): Does it exist? Check 1,2,1: (1,3,6) gives 1,2,1? 1,2,1 yes! Since 1 at1,2 at3,1 at6: that's (1,2,1). So again appears. So we still have (1,2,1). Could we avoid by making sure that the 1 before a 2 and the 1 after that 2 are not both present? But we have 1's on both sides of the first L 2? Actually the first L 2 (position3) has 1's before it (positions1,2) and also 1's after it (positions6,7). So that creates (1,2,1). To avoid, we need that for any 2, either all 1's are before it or all after it. In our construction, the first L 2 (pos3) has 1's both before and after. So we need to separate the 2's into two groups such that the left group has only 1's before them and no 1's after, and the right group has only 1's after them and no 1's before. That means that all 1's must be either entirely before the left group or entirely after the right group, with no 1's in between? But we need (1,1,2) which requires 1's before a 2, so those 1's are before left group. (2,1,1) requires 1's after a 2, so those 1's are after right group. So we can have two separate sets of 1's: left-1's (before left group) and right-1's (after right group). Then the sequence would be: (left-1's) then (left 2's) then (right 2's) then (right-1's). But then (1,2,2) requires a 1 before two 2's: left-1's before left 2's works. (2,1,2) requires a 2, then a 1, then a 2: we would need a 2 from left group, then a 1, then a 2 from right group. But there is no 1 between left 2's and right 2's because all 1's are either before left 2's or after right 2's. So we cannot get a 1 between them. So (2,1,2) fails. So it seems impossible to satisfy all triples while avoiding (1,2,1) for binary alphabet. Hence, for K=2, M=3, it's impossible for non-constant X. For K=2, M=3, only constant X works. That matches the earlier threshold: for non-constant X, minimal N might be larger than 6? Actually, if we increase N, we might add more symbols to allow interleaving without creating (1,2,1)? But the logic suggests that any sequence with at least three 1's and three 2's will inevitably contain (1,2,1) as a subsequence? Let's test a long sequence: 1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1? That's the previous. Another: 1,2,2,1,1,2? Already contains. Perhaps it's a known result: For binary alphabet, a sequence contains all length-3 subsequences if and only if it contains both constant subsequences and the pattern (1,2,1) and (2,1,2) etc. Actually, the set of all length-3 sequences over {1,2} is 8. It's known that to contain all 8, the sequence must have at least 3 of each symbol and also must contain a 1 between two 2's and a 2 between two 1's. That inevitably creates (1,2,1) and (2,1,2). So the only way to have all but one is to omit one of these patterns. Which patterns can be omitted? If we omit (1,2,1), can we have all others? The analysis suggests it's impossible because the others force (1,2,1). Similarly, omitting (2,1,2) might be impossible. Omitting a constant pattern (1,1,1) or (2,2,2) might be possible by reducing count to 2. So for binary and M=3, only constant missing patterns are possible. This matches that for M=3, K=2, the minimal length for non-constant would be >6; perhaps it's infinite? So the constraints allow K=2, and the problem expects solutions for all K including 2, so our counting must handle that.

Therefore, we need a general solution that works for all K up to 400, M up to 400, N up to 400. The problem is from AtCoder maybe (looks like typical AtCoder problem). I recall an AtCoder problem "Subsequence" or "All but one subsequence" maybe. Let's search memory: There is an AtCoder problem "ARC 110 F - String"??? Not sure. I think there is a problem "All But One" or something. Perhaps the solution uses DP with states representing the "position of the last occurrence of each symbol" or something like that.

Another angle: The condition that A contains all length-M sequences except X is equivalent to: The "longest common subsequence" between A and any sequence Y of length M is M for Y≠X, and <M for Y=X. This is like A is "universal" for all but one.

We can approach via the concept of "critical" positions: For a given A, define for each i from 1 to N, the longest prefix of X that is a subsequence of A[1..i]. This gives a sequence of states s_i. The condition that X is avoided means s_N < M. For other Y, we need that the analogous state for Y reaches M at the end. But that's not easy.

Maybe we can think in terms of the "subsequence automaton" for X and then count sequences that avoid X and have the property that for every state s<M and every character c, there is a later occurrence of c that can increase the state? Actually, to ensure that all other patterns appear, we need that for any pattern Y, we can match it. Consider the greedy algorithm for any Y. The greedy algorithm will match Y by scanning A and matching the next needed character. This is essentially the same as running the automaton for Y. So for A to contain all Y, it must be that for every Y≠X, the automaton for Y reaches state M when run on A.

Now, note that the automaton for Y is also a chain: states 0..M, with transition on character c: if c == Y_{state+1}, advance; else stay. So it's very similar to the automaton for X. The difference is just the sequence of "next" characters.

Thus, we need that for all Y≠X, the automaton on A reaches M, while for X it does not.

Is there a way to characterize this in terms of the "universal" property of A? Perhaps A must have the property that for every prefix of X (say of length t), the number of occurrences of each symbol in the suffix after the t-th matched position is sufficient to complete any other pattern? This is getting into "multiset" conditions.

Maybe we can use the following observation: For a fixed A, consider the sequence of states when running the automaton for X. Let the positions where the state increments be p1, p2, ..., p_t (the matches). Then X is not fully matched, so t < M. The condition that all other Y are matched means that for any Y, the greedy algorithm on A will succeed. In particular, consider Y that is "almost X" but with a single character changed. This could give constraints on the symbols that appear after p_t.

Another approach: Since N, M, K ≤ 400, we can consider DP over the "profile" of the automaton for X, but also incorporate a measure of "how many other patterns have been covered" by using the concept of "minimal rank" or "covering". Perhaps we can use the idea of "inclusion-exclusion" using the fact that the only missing pattern is X. This is reminiscent of "sequences with a unique minimal forbidden subsequence". There might be a known formula: The number of sequences A of length N that avoid X and contain all other length-M sequences is equal to the number of sequences that avoid X and have the property that for each i from 1 to M-1, the number of occurrences of X_i in the suffix after the i-th matched position is at most something? Not sure.

Let's step back and consider a more combinatorial interpretation. The condition that all length-M sequences except X are present is equivalent to: For any Y ≠ X, there is an embedding. This can be rephrased in terms of the "pattern avoidance" poset. For a fixed A, define the set of "missing" length-M sequences. This set is upward-closed? Actually, if a sequence Y is missing, then any sequence that contains Y as a subsequence is also missing (since if a larger sequence were present, Y would be present). So the missing set is a "downward-closed" set? Wait: If we have a partial order by subsequence (Y ≤ Z if Y is a subsequence of Z). Then if Z is a subsequence of A and Y is a subsequence of Z, then Y is a subsequence of A. So the set of subsequences of A is downward-closed. The complement (missing sequences) is upward-closed: if Y is missing and Y is a subsequence of Z, then Z is also missing (otherwise Y would be present). So the set of missing length-M sequences is an upward-closed set in the poset of length-M sequences. We want this upward-closed set to be exactly the principal filter generated by X (i.e., all sequences that contain X as a subsequence). But note: The missing length-M sequences are not necessarily all sequences containing X; they are those that are missing. Since X is missing, any sequence that contains X as a subsequence is also missing (upward closure). So the missing set includes the filter of X. But could it include more? We want it to be exactly that filter. That means that any length-M sequence that does not contain X must be present. So we need that A contains all length-M sequences that avoid X. So the condition is exactly: The set of length-M subsequences of A is the complement of the upward-closure of X (within length-M sequences). So A is X-free and contains all X-avoiding length-M sequences.

Now, the set of X-avoiding length-M sequences is exactly the set of words of length M that are not in the filter of X. So our problem reduces to counting sequences A of length N such that:
- A does not contain X as a subsequence.
- A contains every sequence Y of length M that does not contain X as a subsequence.

Now, note that the condition "contains every Y that avoids X" is a kind of "completeness" property. This is similar to the concept of "subsequence-universal" words for the language of words avoiding X (of length exactly M). This is a finite language (all words of length M that avoid X). So we need A to contain each of those words as a subsequence.

How to count sequences that contain a given set of subsequences? This is like counting sequences that are "common supersequences" of a set of words. Since the set is all words of length M that avoid X, which is huge (K^M - 1), but we might not need to consider them individually because the structure of avoiding X may impose a strong condition.

Observing that the property of containing all such words might be equivalent to a certain "finite automaton" condition: For each state s of the X-avoiding automaton (0 ≤ s < M), and for each character c, there must be an occurrence of c after the point where we have matched s characters of X, to allow forming any pattern that starts with that prefix? Let's formalize.

Consider the process of building A and simultaneously tracking the automaton for X. At any point, we have matched a prefix of X of length s. Now, consider any X-avoiding word Y of length M. We need to embed Y in A. The embedding may use the already matched part and the future part. To guarantee that we can embed all Y, it might be sufficient that from the current state s, for each possible "future" we have enough occurrences. This suggests a greedy approach: To ensure that all X-avoiding words are present, it might suffice that A contains a specific "canonical" sequence that represents all possibilities. In fact, the construction of the minimal universal sequence (repeating 1..K M times) works for all words (including X). To avoid X, we need to modify it. In the constant X case, we delete one occurrence. In non-constant X, we might need to rearrange.

Given the complexity, perhaps the intended solution uses DP on the automaton states with additional dimension tracking the "minimum required occurrences" of each symbol in the suffix. Since N and M are up to 400, we can consider a DP that counts sequences A of length N that avoid X, and then subtract those that also miss some other Y. But that seems large.

Let's search for known solutions: I recall an AtCoder problem "ABC 242 Ex" or "ARC 124 F"? Maybe "Subsequence" with similar constraints. Another idea: Use generating functions or inclusion-exclusion based on the missing pattern's "critical" positions. The fact that the answer for sample 3 is 495293602 suggests a large combinatorial count.

Maybe we can think of this as: The condition is equivalent to A being a sequence that avoids X and has the property that the "subsequence automaton" for X, when run on A, visits each state at least once? Not exactly.

Let's analyze the automaton for X. States 0..M-1. When we read A, we move from state to state. Since we never reach M, the final state is some s < M. The condition that all other Y are present might translate to: For each state s, the number of occurrences of each symbol in the suffix after the first time we reach state s must be at least something. For example, to contain a pattern Y that starts with some character c, we need that after the point where we have matched a certain prefix of X, we have enough occurrences of c. This is similar to the concept of "profile of A with respect to X". Perhaps the necessary and sufficient condition is that for each i from 1 to M, the number of occurrences of each symbol a in the suffix after the first occurrence of the i-th matched character of X (or after the point where we have matched i-1 characters) is at least M - (i-1) or something? But for non-constant X, it's more complex.

Let's try to formulate necessary conditions. Suppose we run the greedy matching for X on A, and we get matched positions p1 < p2 < ... < pt for some t < M. Let p0 = 0 (before start). For each i from 0 to t, consider the suffix S_i = A[(p_i+1) .. N] (the part after the i-th match, where p_0=0 meaning whole sequence). Then the greedy algorithm for X fails at step t+1 because X_{t+1} does not appear in S_t. For any other Y, we need that Y is a subsequence. In particular, consider Y that starts with some prefix that matches X[1..t] but then has a different character at position t+1. For any character c ≠ X_{t+1}, we need that c appears in S_t (because we can use the same first t matches for X and then use a c from S_t to get the first t+1 characters of Y). So S_t must contain every character c ≠ X_{t+1}. Similarly, for positions further, we need that after matching more characters, the suffixes must contain all necessary characters. More generally, for any i ≤ t, and for any character c, if we consider the sequence Y that matches X[1..i] exactly, then picks c, and then any other characters, we need that c appears in S_i (the suffix after the i-th match). Because we can use the first i matches of X, then pick c from S_i, and then complete the rest. So for all i from 0 to t, and for all characters c, we need that c appears in S_i, except possibly when c = X_{i+1} and i = t? Because for i=t, X_{t+1} does not appear in S_t, but other c must appear. For i < t, X_{i+1} does appear in S_i (since it is matched at p_{i+1}), so all characters appear in S_i. So a necessary condition: For each i=0..t-1, S_i contains all K symbols; for i=t, S_t contains all symbols except X_{t+1} (since X_{t+1} is missing). This is a strong condition. Moreover, for the rest of Y after position i+1, we need to ensure that we can complete the pattern. For Y that has already matched i+1 characters (the i+1-th being c), we then need to match the remaining M-(i+1) characters in the suffix of S_i after the occurrence of c. Since we can choose any occurrence of c, we might need that for each c, the suffix after some occurrence of c in S_i is rich enough to contain all sequences of length M-i-1 that avoid X? This becomes recursive.

The condition suggests that A can be partitioned into "layers". Specifically, let the matched positions for X be p1,...,pt. Then the sequence A can be seen as:
- Before p1: a prefix that contains all symbols? Actually S_0 = whole sequence, so before p1, we have a prefix that may contain all symbols because S_0 must contain all symbols? But S_0 is the whole sequence, so it obviously contains all symbols if we need all c to appear in S_0? Wait, for i=0, S_0 = A. We need that for every character c, c appears in S_0? That's obviously true if the alphabet is used? Not necessarily, but from the condition, we need that for any c, the pattern (c, ...) must be present. In particular, the pattern consisting of all c's? Actually, consider Y that starts with c. For Y to be a subsequence, we need a c in A. So yes, every symbol must appear at least once in A. So S_0 contains all symbols. So that's fine. For i=0, the condition that S_0 contains all c is automatically satisfied if A uses all symbols? But what if some symbol never appears? Then any pattern starting with that symbol is missing, so the missing set would include more than X. So indeed, every symbol must appear at least once. So that's a necessary condition.

Now, the recursive structure: After the point where we have matched the first i characters of X, the suffix S_i must be such that it contains all symbols except possibly X_{i+1} when i is the last matched index (i=t). Moreover, it must also contain every sequence of length M-i that avoids the suffix of X? Actually, the condition on S_i is similar to the original condition but with a reduced length: For any pattern Z of length M-i (the tail of Y), we need that Z is a subsequence of S_i, provided that the overall Y does not become X. But note that if we have already matched the first i characters of X, then the remaining part of Y must be such that the full Y is not X. So essentially, S_i must contain all length-(M-i) sequences except possibly the suffix of X of length M-i (i.e., X_{i+1..M}) if the prefix matched so far equals X[1..i]. So this suggests a recursive definition: Let f(i, L) be the number of sequences of length L that, with respect to a given pattern X[i+1..M] (suffix), satisfy the same property (i.e., contain all sequences of length M-i except the suffix of X). And the overall condition for A is that there exists a "critical" t where the first t characters of X are matched greedily, and then the remaining suffix S_t contains all symbols except X_{t+1} and also contains all sequences of length M-t-1 (the rest) except the suffix of X starting from t+2? Actually, we need to be precise.

Let's denote the pattern X = (x1,...,xM). For a sequence A, define the greedy matching process: let t be the largest integer such that x1,...,xt is a subsequence of A (i.e., the length of the longest prefix matched). Then by definition, xt+1 does not appear after the last matched position of xt. So we have positions p1<...<pt. After pt, the suffix S = A[pt+1..N] contains no xt+1. For the condition that all other length-M sequences are present, we need that for any c ≠ xt+1, the pattern (x1,...,xt, c) plus any completion must be present. As argued, this implies that S must contain every symbol c ≠ xt+1. Also, for any sequence Z of length M-t-1, the concatenation (x1,...,xt, c, Z) must be a subsequence. For a fixed c, to have this, we need that there exists an occurrence of c in S (which exists), and then after that occurrence, the suffix must contain Z as a subsequence. Since we can choose the occurrence of c arbitrarily (the first one, for instance), we need that after some occurrence of c in S, the remaining suffix contains every Z of length M-t-1 that avoids the suffix of X (because if Z together with the prefix forms X, it would be X itself, which we don't need). This suggests that the suffix after that c must satisfy a similar condition but with a reduced pattern: the pattern is X[t+2..M] (the suffix after xt+1) if we consider c = xt+1? But c is not xt+1, so the pattern to avoid is not exactly that. Actually, consider the full pattern Y = (x1,...,xt, c, Z). Since c ≠ xt+1, Y is different from X. So we need Y to be present. To ensure Y is present, we can use the known positions p1,...,pt for the first t characters, then pick an occurrence of c from S (call it q), and then need that Z is a subsequence of the suffix after q. So for each c ≠ xt+1, we need that the suffix after some occurrence of c in S (which we can choose) contains all sequences Z of length M-t-1. Specifically, it must contain every possible Z of length M-t-1? That seems too strong because Z could be any sequence, including those that themselves contain X[t+2..M] as a subsequence? But since c ≠ xt+1, the overall Y is not X regardless of Z. So indeed, we need that for each c ≠ xt+1, the suffix after some occurrence of c in S is "universal" for all sequences of length M-t-1. That is, it must contain every sequence of length M-t-1 (over the alphabet) as a subsequence. Because we don't have any restriction on Z (since Y is not X for any Z). So the suffix after that c must be a universal sequence for all (M-t-1)-length sequences. Similarly, for c = xt+1, we don't need to consider because it's missing in S. Therefore, the condition recursively reduces to the requirement that for each c ≠ xt+1, there is an occurrence of c in S such that the suffix after that occurrence is a universal sequence for all sequences of length M-t-1. And universal means it contains all sequences of that length. This is similar to the original problem but with no missing pattern (i.e., all sequences of that length are required). So we get a recursive decomposition: The sequence A can be seen as: a prefix up to pt (which contains a match for x1..xt), then a suffix S that contains all symbols except xt+1, and moreover, for each c ≠ xt+1, S can be split into the first occurrence of c (or some occurrence) and then a suffix that is universal for length L = M-t-1. This suggests a tree-like structure.

In the constant X case, say X = (a,a,...,a). Then the greedy matching will succeed for some t < M, and xt+1 = a. So S contains no a. And for each c ≠ a, we need that after some occurrence of c in S, the suffix is universal for length M-t-1. Since S contains no a, and it must contain all other symbols, it might be that S itself is a universal sequence for length M-t (for all patterns except those using a)? Actually, the universal condition for length L means containing all sequences of length L over the full alphabet? But if a is absent, then patterns that contain a cannot be formed. So the suffix after c cannot contain all sequences of length L over the full alphabet if a is missing. However, note that we are considering Z of length M-t-1 over the full alphabet, which may include a. But since a is absent from S (and thus from the suffix after c), patterns containing a would be missing. But we claimed that for any Z, Y = (x1,...,xt, c, Z) must be present. However, if Z contains a, then Y might contain a after the prefix. But is a allowed to appear? In the full sequence A, a does appear (since we have the first t matches of X, which are a's, and then we have no more a's after pt, but there might be a's before pt? Actually, the greedy matching uses the earliest a's, so there could be a's before p1? But in constant X, the first a is p1, and there are t a's in total used for matching. There may be additional a's before p1? Possibly, but if we have extra a's, they could be used to form the missing pattern, so to avoid X, we must have exactly t a's? Actually, if we have more than t a's, then after matching the first t, there might be another a later, which would allow matching X fully (t+1 a's). So to avoid X, we must have at most t a's where t < M. So total count of a is t. So there may be a's only within the first t matched positions (and possibly earlier if we don't use them? But greedy uses the earliest, so any a before p1 would be used as the first match, so p1 is the first a. So total number of a's is t (since after pt, no more a). So S contains no a. Therefore, the suffix after c (which is in S) also contains no a. So it cannot contain sequences Z that include a. But we need Y to be present for all Z, including those that contain a. That seems contradictory. However, note that for Z that contain a, the overall Y might still be present even if a is not in the suffix after c, because we could use a different occurrence of a from earlier in the sequence (before pt). But Y = (x1,...,xt, c, Z) requires that the a in Z appear after c, which is after pt. But if a does not appear after pt, then Z containing a cannot be embedded after c. However, we might not need to use the same c occurrence for all Z; we could choose a different occurrence of c that is placed earlier? But c is in S, which is after pt, so all c occurrences are after pt. So any occurrence of c is after pt. Then to embed Z that contains a, we would need an a after that c, but there is no a after pt. So such Y cannot be embedded. Therefore, our assumption that for all Z we need Y to be present might be false because Y might be X? Let's check: Y = (x1,...,xt, c, Z). If Z contains a, is Y possibly equal to X? Since X = (a,a,...,a) (all a's), if c ≠ a, then Y contains a non-a character, so it cannot be X. So Y is not X, and should be present. But we just argued it's impossible if S has no a. So there is a contradiction. Therefore, our earlier deduction that S must contain all symbols except xt+1 might be too strong? Let's revisit.

In the constant X case, X=(a,a,...,a). Suppose we have t matches of a (the first t a's). Then in the suffix after pt, there are no a's. For any c ≠ a, consider Y = (a,...,a (t times), c, Z). For this to be a subsequence, we need an a after the c? Actually we need the first t a's from the matches, then c from S, then Z from after that c. Since Z may contain a, but there is no a after pt, so Z cannot contain a. Therefore, to have Y for all Z, Z must be restricted to sequences that avoid a. But we need all Z of length M-t-1? That's impossible because there are many sequences that include a. So something is off. Let's test with sample 1: M=2, t=1 (since only one 1 matched). Then S = suffix after the only 1. In sample sequences, after the 1, we have (2,3) or (3,2). Does S contain all symbols except 1? Yes, it contains 2 and 3. Now consider Y = (1, c, Z) where c ≠ 1 and Z is of length 0 (since M-t-1=0). So we need (1,c) for each c≠1. That is present because c appears in S. So far so good. For M=2, there is no Z of length >0, so no issue. For M=3, constant X=(a,a,a). Suppose we have t=2 matches of a. Then S has no a. For any c≠a, we need Y = (a,a,c,Z) where Z is a single character (since M-t-1=1). So we need (a,a,c,d) for any d (including d=a). If d=a, then Y=(a,a,c,a). Since after the two a's, we have no a, this pattern cannot be formed because the last a would have to come from after c, but no a in S. So (a,a,c,a) would be missing, contradicting the condition that all triples except (a,a,a) are present. But in the constant X case for M=3, is it possible to have a sequence that contains all triples except (a,a,a)? Let's test with K=3, M=3, X=(1,1,1). N minimal would be 3*3-1=8? Actually M*K-1=8. For N=8, can we have such a sequence? Let's try to construct. Use the repeating block (1,2,3) three times gives length 9. Remove one 1 to get length 8. For example, remove the first 1: get (2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3)? That's 8? Actually (2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3) has two 1's. Does it contain all triples except (1,1,1)? Let's test (1,1,2): need two 1's and a 2 after the second 1. Here we have 1's at positions 3 and 6, and 2 after position6: positions7,8 are 2,3. So (1,1,2) exists. (1,2,1): need 1,2,1. We have 1 at3,2 at4,1 at6 -> (1,2,1) exists. (2,1,1): need 2,1,1. 2 at2,1 at3,1 at6 -> exists. (2,2,2): need three 2's. We have 2's at positions2,5,7 -> three 2's. (1,1,3): 1,1,3 -> 3 at? 1's at3,6, and 3 at8: (3,6,8) works. (1,3,1): 1 at3,3 at4,1 at6 works. So it seems all triples except (1,1,1) are present? Check (1,1,1): need three 1's, only two. So it works. So for M=3, constant X, it is possible. Now in this sequence, after the second 1 (t=2), the suffix is (2,3). This suffix contains no 1. Does it contain all triples of length 1? That's just single characters. For Z of length 1 (since M-t-1=1), we need for each c≠1, and each d, (1,1,c,d) to be present. For d=1, we need (1,1,c,1). But we just argued that (1,1,c,1) would require a 1 after c, which is not in suffix. Yet we observed that (1,1,2,1) is not present? Wait, we need triples, not quadruples. For M=3, t=2, M-t-1=0, not 1. Actually M-t-1 = 3-2-1 = 0. So Z is empty. So we only need (1,1,c) for each c≠1, which exists. For M=3, t can be 2 (since we have only two 1's). So t=2, then Z length 0. So no issue. For M=4, constant X, t=3, then Z length 0, again no issue. So in general, for constant X, we will have t = cnt[a] = M-1 (since we have exactly M-1 copies of the constant symbol to avoid X). Then M-t-1 = 0, so no further Z. So the recursion ends with no requirement on the suffix after c besides containing c itself. So that's consistent: after the last match of the constant symbol, the suffix contains all other symbols (to form the last character of any pattern that ends with a non-constant). So the decomposition works.

Now, consider non-constant X. For example, X=(1,8,6) with M=3. The greedy matching may succeed for t=2 (match 1 and 8) and then fail on 6. Then M-t-1=0. So again Z empty. So the suffix after the second match must contain all symbols except 6. That's a necessary condition. Also, for t=1, we would have to consider Z length 1, etc. So the depth of recursion depends on how many matches we have. The maximum t is M-1 (since X not fully matched). So we need to consider all possible t from 0 to M-1.

Given this recursive structure, we can define a function F(L) that counts the number of sequences of a given length that are "universal" for all length-L sequences (i.e., contain all sequences of length L as subsequences). This is a known counting problem: number of sequences of length N over alphabet of size K that contain all sequences of length L as subsequences. This can be computed via DP with states representing the number of times each symbol appears? But L up to 400, K up to 400, N up to 400, we might be able to compute this using combinatorial formulas.

Actually, there is a known result: A sequence contains all length-L subsequences if and only if for each symbol, it appears at least L times, and the sequence is "L-universal". But is there a known combinatorial characterization? For fixed L and K, the set of sequences that contain all length-L sequences is exactly those that have at least L occurrences of each symbol (necessary) and also satisfy that for any i from 1 to L, the i-th occurrence of each symbol appears in a certain order? In fact, the construction of repeating 1..K L times works, and it's known that any sequence that contains all length-L subsequences must be a "shuffle" of L copies of a permutation of all symbols? More precisely, the condition is equivalent to: For each i from 1 to L, the i-th occurrence of each symbol must appear before the (i+1)-th occurrence of some other? There is a known concept: "sequence is L-universal if and only if the subsequence of first occurrences of each symbol (in order) contains all symbols, the subsequence of second occurrences also contains all symbols, etc." Actually, consider the positions of the k-th occurrence of each symbol. For the sequence to contain all length-L patterns, it is necessary and sufficient that for each i from 1 to L, the i-th occurrence of each symbol exists and moreover, the order of these i-th occurrences can be arbitrary? Let's test: For L=2, K=2, sequence (1,2,1,2). First occurrences: 1 at pos1, 2 at pos2. Second occurrences: 1 at pos3, 2 at pos4. This works. If we have (1,2,2,1): first occurrences:1,2; second:2 at pos3,1 at pos4. Does it contain all pairs? (2,1) exists? 2 at pos2,1 at pos4 -> yes. (1,2): 1 at pos1,2 at pos2 -> yes. (1,1): 1 at pos1,1 at pos4 -> yes. (2,2): 2 at pos2,2 at pos3 -> yes. So works. So the condition for L=2 is that each symbol appears at least twice, and the order of first occurrences is a permutation, and the order of second occurrences is a permutation; there is no constraint between first and second. For L=3, is it sufficient that each symbol appears at least 3 times, and for each i=1,2,3, the i-th occurrences exist? Need more: to form (a,b,c), we can pick the i-th occurrence of a, the j-th occurrence of b, and the k-th occurrence of c with i<j<k? Not exactly: we need i1<i2<i3 where A_i1=a, A_i2=b, A_i3=c. The i-th occurrence of a is the i-th time a appears. So we need to choose three positions with increasing indices. This is possible if we can assign each symbol a rank (which occurrence) such that the positions are increasing. This is equivalent to: There exists a multiset of ranks (r1,r2,...,rL) such that the positions of the r1-th occurrence of the first symbol, r2-th of second, etc., are increasing. A sufficient condition is that for each i, the i-th occurrence of any symbol occurs after the (i-1)-th occurrence of any symbol? Not exactly.

But there is a known result: A sequence contains all length-L subsequences if and only if for each i from 1 to L, the i-th occurrence of each symbol exists and, moreover, the maximum of the i-th occurrences of all symbols is less than the minimum of the (i+1)-th occurrences? That is, all i-th occurrences come before all (i+1)-th occurrences. This is the condition for the "block" construction where we have L blocks, each block containing all symbols exactly once, in some order. For example, L=2, block1: first occurrences of all symbols, block2: second occurrences. Then the sequence is block1 followed by block2. In (1,2,2,1), the first occurrences are 1 at pos1, 2 at pos2; second occurrences are 2 at pos3, 1 at pos4. Here the first occurrences (pos1,2) are all before the second occurrences (pos3,4). So the condition holds. In (1,2,1,2), first occurrences:1 pos1,2 pos2; second:1 pos3,2 pos4; also holds. So indeed, for L=2, the condition that all first occurrences precede all second occurrences is necessary and sufficient? Check a sequence (2,1,2,1): first occurrences:2 pos1,1 pos2; second:2 pos3,1 pos4; yes. Does it contain all pairs? (1,1): 1 at pos2,1 at pos4 -> yes; (2,2):2 at pos1,2 at pos3 -> yes; (1,2): 1 at pos2,2 at pos3 -> yes; (2,1):2 at pos1,1 at pos2 -> yes. So works. So for L=2, the condition is that the first occurrences of all symbols are before the second occurrences. Is this also sufficient for L>2? For L=3, consider sequence (1,2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3) (three blocks). This works. What about a sequence like (1,2,1,3,2,3,1,2,3)? Here first occurrences:1 pos1,2 pos2,3 pos4; second:1 pos3,2 pos5,3 pos6; third:1 pos7,2 pos8,3 pos9. We have first occurrences at positions 1,2,4. Second at 3,5,6. The maximum first is 4, minimum second is 3, so not all first before all second (since 4 > 3). Does this sequence contain all length-3 subsequences? Let's test some: (1,3,2): need 1,3,2. Can we find? 1 at pos1,3 at pos4,2 at pos5 -> works. (2,1,3): 2 at pos2,1 at pos3,3 at pos4 -> works. (3,1,2): 3 at pos4,1 at pos7,2 at pos8 -> works. (1,2,1): 1 at pos1,2 at pos2,1 at pos3 -> works. (2,3,1): 2 at pos2,3 at pos4,1 at pos7 -> works. It seems plausible it works. Is there any triple missing? Possibly (3,2,1): 3 pos4,2 pos5,1 pos7 -> works. So it might still be universal. So the condition that all i-th occurrences are before all (i+1)-th occurrences is stronger than necessary. In fact, for universality, it's enough that for each i, there is a way to pick the i-th occurrence of each symbol in order. This is equivalent to the existence of a permutation of the symbols for each rank such that the positions are increasing. This is known as the "sequence of blocks" property: the sequence can be partitioned into L (not necessarily contiguous) blocks such that block i contains each symbol exactly once (in any order) and the blocks are in order (block1 positions all before block2 positions, etc.). This is the characterization: A sequence contains all length-L subsequences iff it is possible to partition its positions into L groups G1,...,GL (each group containing exactly one occurrence of each symbol) such that all positions in Gi are before all positions in Gj for i<j. This is a known result (see "universal sequence for subsequences" or "superpattern for words"). Indeed, if such a partition exists, then for any word of length L, we can choose the symbol for the i-th position from the i-th group, giving a subsequence. Conversely, if the sequence contains all length-L words, then we can construct such groups by a greedy algorithm: take the first occurrence of each symbol as group1, then remove them and repeat. This greedy construction works because if at some step we cannot find a full set of symbols, then some word of length L would be missing. So the condition is equivalent to: when we scan the sequence and greedily assign symbols to blocks (taking one of each symbol in order), we fill exactly L blocks. In other words, the sequence can be "covered" by L rounds of collecting each symbol once. This is a classic condition for "subsequence universality". For example, for L=2, we need that after removing the first occurrence of each symbol, the remaining sequence contains at least one more occurrence of each symbol. This is exactly the condition that each symbol appears at least twice and the first occurrences of all symbols are before the second occurrences? Actually, consider the greedy: find the earliest occurrence of each symbol; these form block1. Then remove those positions; in the remaining sequence, we need to have at least one occurrence of each symbol to form block2. This condition does not require that all first occurrences are before all second occurrences; it only requires that after removing the first occurrences, the second occurrences are still present. In the example (1,2,1,3,2,3,1,2,3), the first occurrences are (1 at1,2 at2,3 at4). Remove them, the remaining sequence is (1 at3,2 at5,3 at6,1 at7,2 at8,3 at9). From this, we can take first occurrences of each symbol: 1 at3,2 at5,3 at6 -> block2. Then remove them, remaining: (1 at7,2 at8,3 at9) -> block3. So it works. So the condition is that the greedy extraction yields L full blocks. That is a necessary and sufficient condition for universality. So we can count sequences that are universal for length-L (i.e., contain all length-L subsequences) by counting sequences that have at least L occurrences of each symbol and such that the greedy block extraction succeeds. That is essentially counting sequences where we can partition the positions into L "full" blocks (each containing all K symbols) in order. This is like counting sequences with a given "profile" of how many times each symbol appears, and the order must allow such a partition.

Now, back to our problem: We need sequences that avoid X and contain all length-M sequences except X. Based on the recursive decomposition earlier, we hypothesized that the sequence A can be decomposed as: there exists some t (0 ≤ t < M) such that the greedy matching of X yields t matches, and then the suffix after the t-th match (or more precisely, after the positions used for matching the first t chars) is a sequence that is universal for all sequences of length M-t-1? But as we saw, for non-constant X, when t = M-1, then M-t-1=0, and the suffix just needs to contain all symbols except X_M. More generally, the recursion might involve multiple layers.

Let's define the pattern X. Consider the greedy matching of X on A. Let the matched positions be p1,...,pt (t may be less than M). Then we have:
- For i=0..t-1, the suffix after p_i (where p_0=0) must contain all symbols (since we can form patterns that extend the prefix with any symbol and then anything). Actually, for i from 0 to t-1, we consider the prefix of X of length i matched. For any c (including X_{i+1}? Since X_{i+1} appears later, no need to require it appears after p_i? It does appear at p_{i+1} so it's fine), we need that there is an occurrence of c after p_i (to form patterns that start with the i-matched prefix and then c). For i < t, this holds because the next match is of X_{i+1}, and for other c, we need them to appear as well to form patterns that later become Y. This seems to require that the suffix after p_i contains all symbols. So the suffix after p_i must be "full" in that sense.
- For i = t, the suffix after p_t must contain all symbols except X_{t+1}. And additionally, for each c ≠ X_{t+1}, we need that after some occurrence of c in that suffix, the remaining suffix is universal for all sequences of length M-t-1 (i.e., contains all such sequences). This recursive condition suggests that the structure of A is like a tree: at the top level, we have a sequence that can be "covered" by a certain number of blocks corresponding to the matches of X, and then for each branch, we have a universal sequence for a shorter length.

This looks like a DP that builds the sequence from left to right, but we need to consider the "state" which is the number of characters of X that have been matched so far, and also the "remaining length" that we need to be universal for. Since N ≤ 400, we could define DP[i][s][l] where i is the current position, s is the current state in X automaton, and l is the "level" of universality required? But the universality condition is global.

Another perspective: The condition can be rephrased in terms of a "greedy decomposition" of A into blocks. Specifically, define the following process: Start with the pattern X. We will try to "cover" A by blocks that correspond to the characters of X and the universal parts. This is reminiscent of the "subsequence automaton" and "DP on critical positions". Perhaps we can use the following characterization: A sequence A satisfies the condition if and only if there exists a sequence of indices 0 = i0 < i1 < ... < i_t < i_{t+1} = N+1 (or something) such that:
- For each j=1..t, the segment A[i_{j-1}+1..i_j] contains all K symbols (in some order) and also the character X_j appears in that segment? Not exactly.

Let's attempt a more systematic approach using the block decomposition idea. For the full universal case (all length-M sequences), we need M blocks each containing all K symbols (in any order). For our case, we need only one pattern missing. So we can think of taking the universal construction (M blocks) and then "breaking" one of the blocks in a specific way to avoid X. For example, for constant X, we have M-1 full blocks and then the last block is missing the constant symbol. For non-constant X, maybe we need to have M full blocks but then modify the last block such that the specific pattern X is missing, while all others are present. That might involve interchanging the order of symbols within blocks.

Let's try to characterize the structure for non-constant X with M=3, K=3, X=(1,2,3). Is it possible to have a sequence of length, say, 9 (M*K=9) that contains all triples except (1,2,3)? Let's attempt to construct. We need all triples. For K=3, there are 27 triples. We want to avoid (1,2,3). So we need to have (1,2,3) missing. The full universal sequence could be (1,2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3). This contains (1,2,3) (positions 1,2,3). To break it, we can try to reorder. For instance, (1,1,1,2,2,2,3,3,3) - does it contain all triples? (1,2,3) exists? 1,2,3: 1 at pos1,2 at pos4,3 at pos7 -> yes. (1,3,2): 1 at pos1,3 at pos7,2 at pos5? no, 2 at pos5 is before 3 at pos7, so 1,3,2 requires 3 before 2? Actually order: 1, then 3, then 2: we need 1 poi, then 3, then 2. With positions, we can choose 1 at pos1, 3 at pos7, 2 at pos8? pos8 is 2? Actually after 3, there are 3's? In this sequence, after 3's we have more 3's, but no 2 after 3. So maybe not. So not all triples appear.

Maybe a better approach: The condition for universality (all patterns) is that we can partition positions into M blocks each containing all K symbols. For our case, we want all patterns except X. So perhaps the structure is that we can partition positions into M blocks, but with the condition that in each block, the symbols appear in such a way that the particular pattern X cannot be formed by taking one symbol from each block in order. Basically, if we have blocks B1,...,BM (each with all symbols), then any pattern Y is formed by picking Y_i from B_i (since blocks are in order). So the set of patterns that can be formed is exactly the Cartesian product of the sets of symbols in each block. If each block contains all K symbols, then the product is all K^M patterns. So to miss exactly one pattern X, we need that in each block, we have all symbols except possibly one? For the product to be all except X, we need that for each i, the set of symbols in block i is exactly all symbols except X_i? Then the product would be all patterns that do not have X_i at position i, which would miss many patterns, not just X. So that's not it.

Alternatively, we could have that the blocks are not all full; some blocks may have fewer symbols. The product then is the set of patterns that can be formed by picking one symbol from each block. For this product to be all patterns except X, we need that the product = (all patterns) \ {X}. This is a strong condition. For a product of sets S1,...,SM (each a subset of [K]), the set of patterns is S1×...×SM. For this to be all patterns except a single point X, we need that each Si = [K] (full) because if any Si misses a symbol a, then all patterns with a at position i are missing, which are K^(M-1) patterns, far more than one. So all Si must be full. Therefore, we need every block to contain all K symbols. But then the product is all patterns, including X. So we cannot have blocks that are strictly separated. Thus, the block decomposition for the universal case is not directly applicable to the "almost universal" case because the missing pattern is unique, so the structure must be more subtle: the blocks are not fully separated (i.e., positions of different blocks may interleave) so that the set of patterns is not a simple Cartesian product.

In our earlier example (1,2,1,2) for M=2, K=2, the blocks are not strictly separated: first occurrences are not all before second occurrences? Actually they are: first block (1 at pos1,2 at pos2) all before second block (1 at pos3,2 at pos4) – yes, they are separated. For M=2, the product of blocks gives all pairs. To miss (1,1) we need to block the formation of (1,1). In the constant X case, we had only M-1 blocks (since count of the constant symbol is M-1). So the blocks are not all full. In the sample with M=2, we had t=1 block of full symbols? Actually we had one block (first occurrences of 2 and 3) and then the special symbol 1 appears only once, not in a full block. So the product idea doesn't apply because we don't have M full blocks.

Thus, the characterization for the almost universal case is that there exists some t (0 ≤ t < M) such that the sequence can be partitioned into t full blocks (each containing all K symbols) and then an extra part that contains all symbols except the (t+1)-th character of X, and then possibly further recursive universal parts? Let's try to generalize from the constant X case: For X constant, we have t=M-1 full blocks (each containing all K symbols) and then a final "block" that contains all symbols except the constant symbol? Actually in sample 1, M=2, t=1? We had one full block: first occurrences of 2 and 3 (which is a block containing all symbols except 1? Wait, full block means all K symbols? But we had symbols 2 and 3, not 1. So it's not full. In constant X case, the missing symbol is the constant, so other symbols appear M times each, and the constant appears M-1 times. The blocks might be: for each i from 1 to M-1, we have a block that contains all symbols except the constant? No.

Let's examine the constant X case with M=3, K=3, sequence (2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3) we gave earlier. This sequence: positions: 1:2,2:3,3:1,4:2,5:3,6:1,7:2,8:3. So we have two 1's (M-1=2). Can we partition into blocks that are "almost full"? Perhaps we can see it as: first block: first occurrences of 2 and 3 (positions 1,2) – missing 1. Second block: first occurrence of 1 (position3) and second occurrence of 2 and 3 (positions4,5) – this block contains 1,2,3? Actually it contains 1,2,3, so full. Third block: second occurrence of 1 (position6) and third occurrence of 2 and 3 (positions7,8) – this block contains 1,2,3 as well. So we have two full blocks (second and third) and one block (first) that is missing 1. The pattern X=(1,1,1) would require picking a 1 from each of three blocks in order, but the first block has no 1, so X is missing. Other patterns can pick from appropriate blocks. So the structure is: there is a "critical" block (the first one) that lacks the symbol that appears in X at that position. In general, for a constant X, we can take the universal construction (M blocks each full) and remove one occurrence of the constant symbol from the first block (or any block), making that block lack that symbol. Then the missing pattern is the one that picks that symbol from that block. More generally, for non-constant X, we might need to remove different symbols from different blocks to break the particular pattern X. For example, X=(1,2,3). To prevent (1,2,3), we could take the universal construction (M blocks each full) and then remove the symbol 1 from the first block, or 2 from the second, or 3 from the third. But that would cause many patterns to be missing, not just one. For instance, if we remove 1 from the first block, then patterns that start with 1 are missing (all K^(M-1) of them), not just (1,2,3). So that's too many. So we need a more delicate modification.

Perhaps we can reorder the blocks so that the only way to get X is by taking a particular ordering of the blocks that is impossible due to interleaving. For M=2, the universal construction is two blocks: block1 (1,2) and block2 (1,2). If we want to miss (1,1), we can rearrange the blocks so that the second block has its 1 before the first block's 1? That would still allow (1,1) by taking the second block's 1 first and then the first block's 1? But order must be increasing indices, so if the second block's 1 appears before the first block's 1, then (1,1) can be formed using those two. So to break (1,1), we need that there is only one 1 total. So the only way is to reduce the count of the symbol that appears in the pattern at both positions. So for non-constant patterns, the pattern may involve different symbols, so we could reduce the count of one of them? For X=(1,2,3), if we reduce the count of 1 to 2 (M-1=2), then (1,1,1) would be missing, but (1,2,3) might still be present. We need to break the specific order. Perhaps we need to reduce counts of some symbols, but also arrange the order so that the specific sequence cannot be formed. For instance, to avoid (1,2,3), we might need to ensure that the last 2 appears before the first 3? Or something like that. Let's analyze M=3, K=3, X=(1,2,3). Is it possible to have a sequence of length, say, 9 (M*K) that contains all 27 triples except (1,2,3)? Let's try to search manually or reason. For convenience, assume we have 3 copies of each symbol (since total length 9). We need to avoid (1,2,3) as a subsequence. That means there is no triple of positions i<j<k with A_i=1, A_j=2, A_k=3. So the positions of 1,2,3 must be interleaved in such a way that no 1 is before a 2 that is before a 3. This is a classic pattern avoidance: the sequence must be "132-avoiding"? Actually, it means that if we look at the relative order of the three symbols, we cannot have a '1' followed by a '2' followed by a '3'. This is like the pattern "123" in permutations. For sequences with multiple occurrences, we can think of the set of positions of 1's, 2's, and 3's. To avoid the pattern, we must have that either all 1's are after all 2's, or all 2's are after all 3's, or all 1's are after all 3's? Actually, consider the condition: no i<j<k with 1,2,3. This is equivalent to saying that there is no occurrence where a 1 precedes a 2 that precedes a 3. This is a transitive condition. A known characterization: Such a sequence can be partitioned into two parts: all 2's and 3's that are after the last 1? Not exactly. Let's analyze. Suppose we have at least one 1,2,3. To avoid 123, we could ensure that all 2's are before all 3's? But then a 1 before a 2 would still give 1,2,3 if there is a 3 after the 2. So we also need that if there is a 1 before a 2, then there must be no 3 after that 2. So either all 2's are after all 1's, or all 3's are before all 2's, etc. So there are several ways.

But we also need to contain all other triples. In particular, we need (1,3,2) – so we need a 1 before a 3 before a 2. That requires a 1, then a 3, then a 2. So that implies there is a 1 before a 3, and a 3 before a 2. So we have 1 < 3 < 2 in positions. Similarly, (2,1,3) requires 2 < 1 < 3. (2,3,1) requires 2 < 3 < 1. (3,1,2) requires 3 < 1 < 2. (3,2,1) requires 3 < 2 < 1. So we need all six permutations of {1,2,3} to appear as subsequences, except (1,2,3). This is essentially requiring that the binary relation among the positions of 1,2,3 is such that all orderings except 1<2<3 must be realizable. This is possible if the sets of positions interleave in a certain way. For example, consider the sequence (2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3,1) – not sure. Let's try a simple pattern: 2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3,1. Check for (1,2,3): need 1 before 2 before 3. Here 1's at positions3,6,9; 2's at1,4,7; 3's at2,5,8. The earliest 1 is at3, then we need a 2 after 3: there is 2 at4, then a 3 after4: 3 at5, so (1,2,3) exists (3,4,5). So fails. What about (1,3,2): 1 at3,3 at5,2 at7? 3,5,7 gives 1,3,2; yes. So (1,2,3) appears as well. Maybe it's impossible to avoid (1,2,3) while having all other permutations? Let's think combinatorially. For sequences over three symbols with three copies each, the set of all 27 triples includes all permutations. Is it possible to avoid just one permutation? Consider the "ascending" permutation 123. In other words, can we have a 3-universal sequence (all triples) that avoids a single permutation? For permutations over 3 elements, it's known that there exists a permutation of {1,2,3,1,2,3,1,2,3} that contains all permutations except maybe one? This is reminiscent of "superpermutations" but for subsequences. I suspect it might be possible. For example, the sequence (2,1,3,2,1,3,2,1,3)? Check: 1's at2,5,8; 2's at1,4,7; 3's at3,6,9. Look for (1,2,3): need 1 before 2 before 3. Earliest 1 at2, then 2 after2: 2 at4, then 3 after4: 3 at6 -> works. So fails. Another: (1,3,2,1,3,2,1,3,2): 1 at1,4,7; 3 at2,5,8; 2 at3,6,9. (1,2,3): 1 at1,2 at3,3 at5? 3 at5 is after 2, so works. So seems (1,2,3) always appears? Maybe it's impossible to have all six permutations without having the increasing one. Could be that the set of permutations of size 3, when realized as subsequences of a sequence with three copies each, forces all permutations. I'm not sure. Given sample 2 has non-constant X and N=400, answer non-zero, so it must be possible for larger K. So for K=9, it's possible. So maybe for K≥3, we can have such sequences. So the problem is well-defined for all K≥2.

Given the difficulty, perhaps the intended solution uses DP with states representing the "greedy count" of how many times each symbol has been seen in the current "block". There is a known solution for counting sequences that contain all subsequences of a given length (universal). That can be done with DP over the number of symbols that have been "completed" to certain counts. For the universal case, we can count sequences of length N that contain all length-L subsequences by DP that tracks the number of symbols that have reached each "count level". Since we need to count sequences that are universal except for one pattern, we might need to incorporate the X pattern.

I think we need to look for a known editorial for this problem. Since the problem is from AtCoder (likely ABC/ARC), I can try to recall. The constraints N,M,K ≤ 400 suggest O(NMK) or O(N^2 K) DP. The fact that sample 2 has large output suggests combinatorial numbers.

Maybe we can do DP that builds the sequence from left to right, and keeps track of the current "state" in the automaton for X, and also the "shortfall" for each symbol relative to being able to form all patterns. But perhaps there is a simpler formula: The answer is 0 if N < M*K - (1 if X is constant else 0) ; otherwise, the answer is something like the number of ways to arrange the extra N - (M*K) insertions? But sample 3 N=29, M=3, K=10, M*K-1=29, so N exactly minimal, answer is 495293602, which is not 1, so there are many sequences even at minimal length. So even at minimal length, there are many sequences. So the counting is not just about extra insertions.

Let's try to compute the number of minimal-length sequences for M=2, K=3, X=(1,1). Sample 1: N=5 (minimal), answer 4. That's small. For M=2, K=3, the minimal sequences are exactly those with counts: cnt[1]=1, cnt[2]=2, cnt[3]=2, and order satisfying: the single 1 must be after the first occurrences of 2 and 3, and before the second occurrences of 2 and 3. So the sequence can be described as: first, we have a permutation of {2,3} (first occurrences), then the 1, then a permutation of {2,3} (second occurrences). So the number is (2!)*(2!)=2*2=4. That matches sample. So for M=2, constant X, the answer at minimal N is ( (K-1)! )^(2?) Actually for general K, X=(a,a), then we need cnt[a]=1, other symbols have cnt=2. The order: first occurrences of all other K-1 symbols (in any order), then the single a, then second occurrences of all other symbols (in any order). So number = ( (K-1)! )^2. For K=3, (2!)^2=4. For K=10, that would be (9!)^2, huge, but N would be (K-1)*2+1 = 2K-1 = 19. But sample 3 has M=3, not M=2.

For M=3, constant X=(a,a,a), minimal N=3K-1. The sequence structure might be: three blocks. The first block contains all symbols except a (since we have only 2 a's). The second and third blocks contain all symbols. The order: block1 (permutation of [K]\{a}), then block2 (permutation of all K symbols), then block3 (permutation of all K symbols)? But then we have two a's: one in block2 and one in block3. But we also have the a that is missing from block1. So total a count = 2, which is M-1=2. Check if this works: In such a sequence, can we form all triples except (a,a,a)? For any triple (x,y,z), we can pick x from block1 if x≠a, or from block2/block3 if x=a; similarly for y and z. Since block1 lacks a, the only way to get a is from block2 or block3. So to get triple (a,a,a), we would need three a's, but only two available. For other triples, we can always pick: if the triple contains at most two a's, we can use block2 and block3 for those a's, and the other symbols from appropriate blocks. So it seems plausible. But is it necessary that block1 contains all non-a symbols? Could block1 contain some a's? No, because we need exactly two a's total, and they are in blocks2 and3. So block1 has zero a. For other symbols, we need at least 3 copies each? Actually, each non-a symbol appears in all three blocks, so total count 3, satisfying M=3. So the sequence has length: block1: K-1 symbols, block2: K symbols, block3: K symbols, total = 3K-1. That matches minimal N. The number of such sequences would be: (permutations of block1) * (permutations of block2) * (permutations of block3) = (K-1)! * K! * K!. For sample 3: K=10, that would be 9! * 10! * 10! = 362880 * 3628800 * 3628800? That product is huge, but sample answer is 495293602 modulo 998244353, which is not that huge because modulo. Let's compute approximate: 9! = 362880, 10! = 3628800, product = 362880 * (3628800)^2 = 362880 * 13,168,000,000 ≈ 4.78e15, modulo 998244353. That might give 495293602? Possibly. Let's test quickly: compute 10! = 3628800, square = 13168189440000, times 9! = 362880, product = 4.776e15. Mod 998244353, we can compute but it's plausible. So sample 3 answer might be exactly (K-1)! * (K!)^{M-1}? For M=3, (K-1)! * (K!)^2. Let's compute modulo: 10! = 3628800, 9! = 362880. Compute mod: 3628800 mod 998244353 = 3628800; square = 13168189440000 mod 998244353. Compute: 998244353 * 13189 = 998244353*13000=1.2977e13, *189=1.886e11, sum ~1.3166e13, close. But we need exact. Since sample 3 answer is 495293602, we can test if it equals 9! * 10!^2 mod 998244353. Let's compute quickly using Python mental? Actually, I can approximate: 10! = 3628800, 9! = 362880. Compute 10!^2 = (3.6288e6)^2 = 1.3168e13. Multiply by 9! = 4.776e15. Now compute mod: 998244353 * 4,785,000 =? Not easy. But I recall that 9! * 10!^2 mod 998244353 might be something else. However, sample 3 answer 495293602 is different from the product maybe. Let's compute using known values: 10! = 3628800, 9! = 362880. Multiply: 362880 * 3628800 = 1.3168e12, times 3628800 again = 4.776e15. But we can compute modulo using known modular arithmetic. Let's do it step by step:

Compute P = 9! * 10! * 10! mod mod.
First, 10! mod 998244353 = 3628800. 9! mod = 362880.
Compute 10!^2 = 3628800^2 = 13,168,189,440,000? Actually 3,628,800^2 = 13,168,189,440,000. Now multiply by 362,880: 13,168,189,440,000 * 362,880 = we need product mod. Since mod is approx 1e9, we can compute using reduction. Let's compute 13,168,189,440,000 mod 998,244,353. Compute 998,244,353 * 13,190 = 998,244,353*13,190 = 998,244,353*10,000=9,982,443,530,000; *3,190=3,184,000,000,000? Not exact. Actually, easier: Use Python mental? Instead, note that (K!)^(M-1) * (K-1)! is not the only possibility; there may be multiple ways to assign which block lacks the constant symbol. In our construction, we assumed the first block lacks a, but we could choose any of the M blocks to be the one lacking a. So the number would be M * (K-1)! * (K!)^{M-1}. For M=3, K=10, that's 3 * 9! * (10!)^2. Let's compute that modulo and see if it matches sample 3's answer 495293602. Compute 3 * 9! * 10!^2 mod 998244353. We can compute using known values: 10! = 3628800, 9! = 362880. Compute product: 3 * 362880 * 3628800^2. 3628800^2 = 13,168,189,440,000. Multiply by 362880 = 4,776,000,000,000,000? Actually 13,168,189,440,000 * 362,880 = 13,168,189,440,000 * 300,000 = 3.950456832e18; + *62,880 = 8.28e17, total ~4.779e18. Times 3 = 1.4337e19. Now mod 998244353. That's a large number. But we can compute stepwise mod. Let's do it systematically:

Let mod = 998244353.
Compute f = 10! % mod = 3628800.
Compute f2 = (10!)^2 % mod = (3628800^2) % mod.
3628800^2 = 13,168,189,440,000. Now compute mod: 13,168,189,440,000 / 998,244,353 ≈ 13,190.9? Actually 998,244,353 * 13,190 =? 998,244,353 * 10,000 = 9,982,443,530,000; *3,190 = 998,244,353*3,000=2,994,733,059,000; *190=189,666,427,070; sum=2,994,733,059,000+189,666,427,070=3,184,399,486,070; total=9,982,443,530,000+3,184,399,486,070=13,166,843,016,070. Subtract from 13,168,189,440,000 gives 1,346,423,930. That's the remainder. So f2 = 1,346,423,930.
Now multiply by 9! = 362880: product = 1,346,423,930 * 362,880. Compute stepwise: 1,346,423,930 * 362,880 = 1,346,423,930 * (360,000 + 2,880) = 1,346,423,930*360,000 + 1,346,423,930*2,880. 1,346,423,930*360,000 = 1,346,423,930*36*10,000 = (1,346,423,930*36)*10,000. 1,346,423,930*36 = 1,346,423,930*30=40,392,717,900; *6=8,078,543,580; sum=48,471,261,480. Times 10,000 = 484,712,614,800,000. Then *2,880: 1,346,423,930*2,880 = 1,346,423,930*2,000=2,692,847,860,000; *800=1,077,139,144,000; *80=107,713,914,400; sum=2,692,847,860,000+1,077,139,144,000=3,769,987,004,000; +107,713,914,400=3,877,700,918,400. Now total product = 484,712,614,800,000 + 3,877,700,918,400 = 488,590,315,718,400. Now multiply by 3: 1,465,770,947,155,200. Now compute mod: 1,465,770,947,155,200 / 998,244,353 ≈ 1,468,000? 998,244,353 * 1,468,000 = 998,244,353*1,000,000=998,244,353,000,000; *468,000=998,244,353*468*1000. 998,244,353*400=399,297,741,200; *68=67,880,616,004; sum=467,178,357,204; times 1000 = 467,178,357,204,000; total=998,244,353,000,000+467,178,357,204,000=1,465,422,710,204,000. Subtract from 1,465,770,947,155,200 gives 348,236,951,200. Now compute 348,236,951,200 / 998,244,353 ≈ 349? 998,244,353*349 = 998,244,353*300=299,473,305,900; *49=48,913,973,297; sum=348,387,279,197; that's slightly above. So 348? 998,244,353*348 = 998,244,353*300=299,473,305,900; *48=47,915,728,944; sum=347,389,034,844. Subtract: 348,236,951,200 - 347,389,034,844 = 847,916,356. So remainder = 847,916,356. That is not 495,293,602. So the guess is wrong.

Maybe the minimal sequences for M=3 constant are more complex; there might be other arrangements than simply three blocks with one missing. For instance, in sample 1, the minimal sequences for M=2 constant had structure: first block (all non-constant symbols), then constant, then second block (all non-constant). That gave 4 sequences. For M=3 constant, we might have multiple ways to interleave the blocks. For example, we could have: block1: permutation of non-constant, block2: permutation of all, block3: permutation of all. That's one category. But also we could have: block1: permutation of all, block2: permutation of non-constant, block3: permutation of all? But then the constant appears in block1 and block3 (two copies), and block2 lacks constant. That would also yield two constants. So there are M choices for which block lacks the constant. So total = M * (K-1)! * (K!)^{M-1}. For M=3, that gives 3 * 9! * (10!)^2. We computed that mod gave 847,916,356, not sample. So maybe the number of minimal sequences is larger because the blocks can be interleaved in more ways? For M=2, we had blocks: first block (non-constant), then constant, then second block (non-constant). That's the only structure? Could we have the constant in the middle? That's the only. So for M=2, it's uniquely determined that the constant occurs between the two blocks of non-constant. For M=3, we might also have the constant appearing in block1 and block3, but not block2; or in block1 and block2, not block3; etc. But also the order of the two constants among the blocks might matter: they could be in block1 and block2, or block1 and block3, or block2 and block3. So that gives 3 choices. For each, the blocks are all permutations. So total = 3 * (K-1)! * (K!)^2. But our calculation gave 847,916,356, not 495,293,602. So either my modulo calculation is off, or the sample answer is different. Let's recompute more carefully using known values: 
- 9! = 362880, 10! = 3628800.
- mod = 998244353.
Compute 10! % mod = 3628800.
Compute (10!)^2 % mod: 3628800^2 = 13168189440000. Compute 13168189440000 ÷ 998244353. 
998244353 * 13190 =? Let's do proper division:
998244353 * 13000 = 998244353*10000=9,982,443,530,000; *3000=2,994,733,059,000; sum=12,977,176,589,000.
998244353 * 190 = 998244353*100=99,824,435,300; *90=89,841,991,770; sum=189,666,427,070.
Total 12,977,176,589,000+189,666,427,070 = 13,166,843,016,070.
Subtract from 13,168,189,440,000 gives 1,346,423,930. So (10!)^2 % mod = 1,346,423,930.
Now multiply by 9! = 362880: 1,346,423,930 * 362,880.
We can compute this modulo mod by doing (1,346,423,930 % mod) * 362,880 % mod. But 1,346,423,930 is > mod? mod=998,244,353, so 1,346,423,930 - mod = 348,179,577. So we can reduce: 1,346,423,930 ≡ 348,179,577 (mod mod). Then multiply by 362,880: 348,179,577 * 362,880 mod mod. Compute 348,179,577 * 362,880 = 348,179,577 * (360,000 + 2,880). 348,179,577*360,000 = 348,179,577*36*10,000 = (348,179,577*36)*10,000. 348,179,577*30=10,445,387,310; *6=2,089,077,462; sum=12,534,464,772. Times 10,000 = 125,344,647,720,000. Now 348,179,577*2,880 = 348,179,577*2,000=696,359,154,000; *800=278,543,661,600; *80=27,854,366,160; sum=696,359,154,000+278,543,661,600=974,902,815,600; +27,854,366,160=1,002,757,181,760. Total product = 125,344,647,720,000 + 1,002,757,181,760 = 126,347,404,901,760. Now reduce modulo mod: 126,347,404,901,760 ÷ 998,244,353. 
First, compute 998,244,353 * 126,500 =? 998,244,353*126,500 = 998,244,353*126,000 + *500. 998,244,353*126,000 = 998,244,353*100,000=99,824,435,300,000; *26,000=25,954,353,178,000; sum=125,778,788,478,000. Then *500=499,122,176,500; total=126,277,910,654,500. Subtract from 126,347,404,901,760 gives 69,494,247,260. Now divide 69,494,247,260 by 998,244,353 ≈ 69.6. 998,244,353*69 = 998,244,353*70 - 998,244,353 = 69,877,104,710 - 998,244,353 = 68,878,860,357. Subtract: 69,494,247,260 - 68,878,860,357 = 615,386,903. So remainder = 615,386,903. So (10!)^2 * 9! % mod = 615,386,903. Now multiply by 3: 615,386,903 * 3 = 1,846,160,709. Mod mod: 1,846,160,709 - 998,244,353 = 847,916,356. So we got 847,916,356. That's not sample 3 answer. So the minimal number for constant X is not simply M * (K-1)! * (K!)^{M-1}. Maybe there are more possibilities: the blocks might not be exactly in order; they could be interleaved differently. For M=2, we had exactly 2 blocks of non-constant symbols, and the constant in between. For M=3, the structure might be: we have three blocks, but the constant symbol appears only twice, and we need to place them such that to form (a,a,a) you would need three a's, but there are only two. However, the order of the blocks might not be strictly separated; the two a's could be placed in any two of the three block positions, but also the blocks themselves could be interleaved? For example, we could have the sequence: block1 (non-constant), then block2 (all symbols including a), then block3 (all symbols including a) – that's one structure. But we could also have a structure where the two a's appear in the same block? That would give only one block containing a, but then total a count would be 2, but if both appear in one block, then we have only one block with a, so other symbols might have three copies? That could still work? Let's test: three blocks: block1: all symbols (including a), block2: all symbols except a, block3: all symbols (including a). Then a appears in block1 and block3 (two copies). That's fine. So the block that lacks a could be any of the three blocks. So 3 choices. But also, the order of blocks could be permuted? For M=3, we have three blocks. The block lacking a could be first, second, or third. So that's 3. For each, the permutations within each block: for the full blocks, K! each; for the block lacking a, (K-1)! permutations. So total 3 * (K-1)! * (K!)^2. That's what we computed. So the sample answer is different, so either the minimal number for M=3 is larger than that, or our construction is not the only one. Perhaps there are additional arrangements where the blocks are not strictly separated; i.e., the "blocks" might not be contiguous. For M=2, we assumed the two blocks of non-constant symbols are separated by the constant, but could we have interleaving like: non-constant, constant, non-constant, constant? That would give two constants, but we need only one constant. So not. For M=3, we have two constants. Could we have a structure where the two constants are not both in separate blocks, but one of them appears in the same block as some non-constant symbols in a way that still prevents (a,a,a)? Possibly. For instance, consider sequence: block1: permutation of all symbols (including a), block2: permutation of non-constant symbols only, block3: permutation of all symbols (including a). That's the same as before. Could we have a structure where the "blocks" are not contiguous? For example, the three blocks could be interleaved: first take some symbols from block1, then some from block2, then more from block1, etc. But the condition for universality (all triples) is that the sequence can be partitioned into M groups (not necessarily contiguous) each containing all symbols. For the almost-universal case, we might have M groups except that one group is missing one symbol. These groups are defined by the greedy extraction: we extract the first occurrence of each symbol as group1, then the second occurrence as group2, etc. In the minimal constant X case, we have M-1 groups that are full (since we have M-1 copies of the constant) and the last group (the M-th) is missing the constant? Actually, let's apply the greedy extraction to a minimal constant sequence from sample 1: (2,3,1,2,3). Greedy: first, collect first occurrence of each symbol: 2 at1,3 at2,1 at3 -> group1: {2,3,1} (full). Then remove those positions: remaining (2,3). Now second occurrence: 2 at4,3 at5 -> group2: {2,3} (missing 1). So we have 2 groups: group1 full, group2 missing 1. So M=2, groups =2, with group2 missing the constant. So in general, for constant X, the greedy extraction will produce M groups: the first M-1 groups are full, and the M-th group is missing the constant symbol. That matches the construction: we have M groups, where the last group lacks the constant. The groups are ordered by the extraction order, but they are not necessarily contiguous in the original sequence; however, in this case, they are contiguous because the first group consists of all first occurrences, and they appear before the second occurrences. In sample 1, that's true. So the groups are contiguous in order. For M=3, constant X, the greedy extraction would produce 3 groups: first group (first occurrences of all symbols) full, second group (second occurrences) full, third group (third occurrences) missing the constant. So the sequence would be: first full block (all symbols), second full block (all symbols), third block (all except constant). That sequence has length 3K-1. The number of such sequences would be: permutations of block1 * permutations of block2 * permutations of block3 = (K!)*(K!)*((K-1)!). And also the order of blocks is fixed: first full, second full, third missing. So that gives (K!)^2 * (K-1)! sequences. For sample 3, K=10, that would be (10!)^2 * 9! = 10!^2 * 9! = we computed mod as 615,386,903? Actually we computed (10!)^2 * 9! mod = 615,386,903. That is not sample answer 495,293,602. So sample answer is different, maybe because there are other ways: the missing group could be the first or second instead of third. So then total would be 3 * (K!)^2 * (K-1)! = we got 847,916,356. Still not matching. So maybe the groups are not necessarily in that order; the missing group could be anywhere, but also the groups could be interleaved? However, the greedy extraction always picks the earliest occurrences, so the order of groups is forced by the sequence: group1 consists of the first occurrence of each symbol, group2 consists of the second occurrence of each symbol, etc. So the missing group will be the one where some symbol doesn't have its i-th occurrence. For constant X, the constant symbol has only M-1 occurrences, so its M-th occurrence is missing. Thus, group M will be missing the constant. So group order is fixed: groups 1 through M-1 are full, group M is missing. So the number of sequences should be exactly (K!)^{M-1} * (K-1)! for constant X? Because we can assign any permutation to each of the first M-1 groups, and any permutation of the other K-1 symbols to the last group. The positions of the groups are determined by the order of occurrences: all first occurrences come before all second occurrences, etc. So the sequence is uniquely determined by the permutations of each group. So number = (K!)^{M-1} * (K-1)!. For M=2, that gives K! * (K-1)! = 3! * 2! = 6*2=12, but sample 1 answer is 4, not 12. So wait, for M=2, our earlier analysis gave 4, not 12. So our group interpretation for M=2: For constant X=(1,1), K=3. The greedy extraction: first group: first occurrences of all symbols: we need to have first occurrences of 1,2,3 in some order. But notice: the constant symbol 1 appears only once, so it cannot have a second occurrence. So group2 will be missing 1. So group1 is full (1,2,3), group2 is (2,3). The sequence would be: a permutation of (1,2,3) for group1, then a permutation of (2,3) for group2. That would give length 3+2=5. Number of sequences = 3! * 2! = 6*2=12. But sample says only 4 sequences satisfy. So our group model overcounts. Why? Because not every such permutation yields a sequence that contains all pairs except (1,1). Let's test: group1: (1,2,3), group2: (2,3) => sequence (1,2,3,2,3). Does this contain all pairs? Check (2,1): need 2 before 1. In this sequence, 2 appears at pos2, 1 at pos1, so no 2 before 1. So (2,1) missing. So this sequence fails because the condition requires (2,1) to be present. So the group1 and group2 must be arranged such that the first occurrences of 2 and 3 appear before the occurrence of 1 in group1? In our earlier valid sequences, the first block consisted of only 2 and 3, not including 1. So the first group in the greedy extraction is not (1,2,3) but rather the first occurrences of all symbols include 1? Actually, in the valid sequence (2,3,1,2,3), the first occurrence of 1 is at position3, which is after the first occurrences of 2 and 3. So the greedy extraction would take the first occurrence of each symbol: 2 at1,3 at2,1 at3 -> group1 is (2,3,1) which is a full group. So group1 includes 1, but the order is such that 1 appears after 2 and 3. So group1 is a permutation where 1 is not first. Then group2: second occurrences: (2,3) at positions4,5. So the number of such sequences that work is not all permutations of group1 and group2, but only those where in group1, the constant symbol 1 appears after all other symbols? Because we need (a,1) for a≠1: that requires a before 1, which is satisfied if all non-constant symbols in group1 appear before 1. Also we need (1,a): requires 1 before a later occurrence, which is satisfied because a's second occurrence in group2 is after 1. So the condition is that in group1, the constant symbol must be the last element. So group1 must be a permutation where 1 is at the end. The number of such permutations: (K-1)! for the order of the other symbols, then 1 at end => (K-1)! = 2! =2. For group2, any permutation of the K-1 symbols: (K-1)! =2. So total =2*2=4. That matches sample. So for M=2, the condition is that in the first group (the one that contains the constant), the constant must be the last element. For M=3, the greedy extraction gives groups: group1 (first occurrences), group2 (second occurrences), group3 (third occurrences). The constant appears only in groups1 and2 (since it has two copies). So groups1 and2 are full, group3 is missing constant. To avoid (a,a,a), we need that in the sequence, there is no way to pick three a's. Since there are only two, it's automatically avoided. However, we also need that all other triples are present. This imposes conditions on the order within groups. For example, consider triple (a,b,c) where a,b,c are not all a. Depending on which groups the symbols come from, we need to be able to pick them in order. The groups are ordered: all positions of group1 come before group2, which come before group3. So to form a triple, we can pick its first element from group1, second from group2, third from group3 (or other combinations where some from same group? Actually, if we pick all three from the same group, that group must contain three distinct occurrences? But each group has exactly one occurrence of each symbol, so we cannot pick two from the same group because we need two different occurrences of the same symbol? For a triple like (a,b,c) with distinct symbols, we can pick a from group1, b from group2, c from group3. For triple (a,a,b) where a occurs twice, we can pick the first a from group1, second a from group2, and b from group3. For triple (a,b,a), we need a from group1, b from group2, a from group3. But a does not appear in group3 because group3 lacks a. So (a,b,a) would be missing if we rely solely on this distribution. But (a,b,a) can be formed by picking a from group1, b from group2, a from group2? But group2 has one a, so we could pick a from group2 after b? But order: group1 < group2, so we could pick a from group1, b from group2, and a from group2? No, because the second a must come after b, but b is in group2, and a in group2 could be before or after b depending on the permutation of group2. So we can use group2 for both b and a if the order within group2 has b before a. So we need to consider intra-group orderings. So the condition translates to constraints on the permutations within each group. Specifically, to ensure all triples except (a,a,a) are present, we need that for any triple of symbols (x,y,z) not all equal to a, there exists a choice of three positions in increasing order. Given the structure of three blocks (with block3 missing a), we need to assign permutations to each block such that for all triples, we can find an increasing selection from the blocks. This is a combinatorial problem that can be solved by DP on the permutations? Since K up to 400, we cannot enumerate permutations. However, note that the condition might be independent of the actual identities of the non-constant symbols, only depending on their relative order within blocks. For constant X, the answer for minimal N might be something like: ( (K-1)! )^M? For M=2, that would be (2!)^2=4, matches. For M=3, that would be (9!)^3? That's huge, but sample 3 answer 495293602 is much smaller than (9!)^3 mod. (9!)^3 = 362880^3 ≈ 4.78e16, mod maybe something else. But we need to compute.

Let's test (K-1)!^M for M=3, K=10: (9!)^3 = 362880^3. Compute modulo: 362880^2 = 131681894400, mod 998244353? Actually 362880^2 = 131,681,894,400; mod 998,244,353 we computed earlier as 1,346,423,930? Actually that was 10!^2, not 9!^2. Let's compute 9!^2 = 362880^2 = 131,681,894,400. mod 998,244,353: 998,244,353*131 = 998,244,353*100=99,824,435,300; *31=30,945,574,943; sum=130,770,010,243; subtract from 131,681,894,400 gives 911,884,157. So 9!^2 mod = 911,884,157. Multiply by 9! = 362,880: 911,884,157 * 362,880 mod. Reduce: 911,884,157 mod 998,244,353 = 911,884,157 (since < mod). Multiply by 362,880: 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * (360,000+2,880) = ... we can compute mod. But let's not. Instead, compute cube: 9!^3 mod. 9!^3 = (9! mod)^3 = 362880^3 mod mod. 362880^2 mod = 911,884,157 as computed. Then 911,884,157 * 362,880 = we need. Compute stepwise: 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * 362,880. We can compute using reduction: 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * 36288 * 10. 36288 = 2^? better to compute modulo. Use Python mental? Let's do: 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * (300,000 + 60,000 + 2,880). 911,884,157*300,000 = 273,565,247,100,000; *60,000 = 54,713,049,420,000; sum=328,278,296,520,000; *2,880 = 911,884,157*2,000=1,823,768,314,000; *800=729,507,325,600; *80=72,950,732,560; sum=1,823,768,314,000+729,507,325,600=2,553,275,639,600; +72,950,732,560=2,626,226,372,160; total = 328,278,296,520,000 + 2,626,226,372,160 = 330,904,522,892,160. Now mod mod: 330,904,522,892,160 / 998,244,353 ≈ 331,500? Actually, 998,244,353 * 331,600 =? Too messy. But we can get approximate: 330,904,522,892,160 / 1e9 ≈ 330,904.52, so multiply 998,244,353 * 331,000 = 998,244,353 * 300,000 = 299,473,305,900,000; *31,000 = 30,945,574,943,000; sum=330,418,880,843,000. Subtract from 330,904,522,892,160 gives 485,642,049,160. Then 998,244,353 * 486 = 998,244,353*400=399,297,741,200; *86=85,848,214,358; sum=485,145,955,558; subtract: 485,642,049,160 - 485,145,955,558 = 496,093,602. That's close to sample 495,293,602? Off by 800,000. So not exact. So (K-1)!^3 is not the answer.

Given the complexity, perhaps the intended solution uses a DP that counts sequences by the number of times each symbol appears and uses the block characterization with ordering constraints. Since K,N,M are only up to 400, we can do DP over the counts of symbols? For constant X, the number of sequences with given counts might be computed using combinatorics: the number of ways to arrange the symbols such that the first (M-1) occurrences of each symbol appear in some order with the constant symbol always last in its group? That becomes a problem of counting linear extensions of a partial order. Specifically, for constant X, we have for each non-constant symbol, we have M occurrences; for the constant, we have M-1 occurrences. The condition that all length-M subsequences except the constant one are present imposes that the relative order of the occurrences must be such that the greedy extraction yields groups where the constant symbol appears after all other symbols in each group that contains it? Let's generalize from M=2: For K=3, we had occurrences: for symbol 2: two occurrences; 3: two; 1: one. The condition that (2,1) and (3,1) exist means that there is a 2 before 1 and a 3 before 1. So the single 1 must be after the first occurrence of every other symbol. The condition (1,2) and (1,3) exist means that there is a 1 before a later occurrence of 2 and 3. So the 1 must be before the second occurrence of each other symbol. So the relative order is: first occurrences of all non-constant symbols (in any order), then the single 1, then second occurrences of all non-constant symbols (in any order). So the partial order is: for each non-constant symbol a, its first occurrence < 1 < its second occurrence. No restrictions among different a's. So the number of linear extensions of this poset is: (number of ways to interleave the first occurrences) * (number of ways to interleave the second occurrences) = (K-1)! * (K-1)! = 2!*2!=4. So the poset approach works.

For M=3, constant X, we have occurrences: for each non-constant symbol a: three occurrences (a1,a2,a3); for constant c: two occurrences (c1,c2). The constraints to ensure all triples except (c,c,c) are present. What constraints does that impose on the order of these occurrences? Let's derive necessary and sufficient conditions. We need all triples of length 3 over the alphabet. For any triple (x,y,z) ≠ (c,c,c), we need an increasing embedding. This imposes a set of inequalities. For instance, to have (c,c,a) for a ≠ c, we need two c's followed by an a. Since we have only two c's, we need that the second c appears before some a. So we need that the second occurrence of c comes before some occurrence of a (say the third occurrence? but any a works). Since we have three a's, likely we need that c2 < a3 (or some a). Similarly, (c,a,c) requires c1 < a_i < c2 for some i. So need an a between c1 and c2. (a,c,c) requires a_i < c1 < c2? Or a_i < c2? Actually need two c's after an a, so a_i < c1 < c2. So need an a before c1. (a,b,c) for distinct a,b,c all non-constant: we need to be able to pick one from each symbol in order. Since we have three full copies of each, likely the condition is that the three groups of occurrences (first, second, third) are naturally ordered, and the constant c appears in the first and second groups, but the third group lacks c. To form all triples, we need that within each group, the order of symbols satisfies certain constraints. For instance, to have (c,a,c), we need c1 < a_i < c2. So there must be an a between c1 and c2. That means that in the ordering of the first two groups, c2 must come after at least one a. Since c2 is in the second group (second occurrence), and a_i could be from first or second group? Actually, a_i can be any occurrence of a. The easiest way is to require that all first occurrences of non-constant symbols appear before c1? But then c1 would be after those a's, then we need a between c1 and c2: a could be from second group? Actually, if c1 is after all first a's, then to have a between c1 and c2, we need a from second group. So we need that there is a second occurrence of a that appears after c1 but before c2. That imposes that in the second group, the constant c must appear after some a. Similarly, for (a,c,c), we need an a before c1. That could be satisfied by a first occurrence before c1. So we need that c1 is after some a (first occurrence). So overall, we need that c1 is neither the first nor the last among the first occurrences? Actually, we need that there is a non-constant symbol with its first occurrence before c1, and also there is a non-constant symbol with its second occurrence after c1 and before c2. This is reminiscent of the condition that in the first two groups, the constant symbol is "in the middle" relative to non-constant symbols. For M=2, we needed that c is after all first occurrences and before all second occurrences. For M=3, we might need that c1 appears after all first occurrences of non-constant symbols? Let's test a candidate sequence: Suppose we order the groups as: first group: all non-constant symbols in some order, then c? But then c1 is at end of first group. Then second group: all non-constant symbols, then c2? That would put c2 at end of second group. Then we have c1 after all first non-constant, c2 after all second non-constant. Check (a,c,c): need a before c1 and c1 before c2? Actually need a before c1 (first non-constant before c1) satisfied; need c1 before c2? Yes. So (a,c,c) works. (c,c,a): need c1 before c2 before a; but c2 is after all second non-constant, so there is no a after c2 (since third group has a's, but they are after second group? Actually third group is after second group, and third group contains a's. So c2 is before third group, so there is a after c2. So (c,c,a) works using a from third group. (c,a,c): need c1 before a before c2. Here a could be from second group, but if c1 is at end of first group, and c2 at end of second group, then any a in second group is before c2 if c2 is after all second group? Actually if c2 is the last element of second group, then all a in second group are before c2. And c1 is before all second group because first group ends before second group begins. So any a in second group is after c1 and before c2. So (c,a,c) works. So this ordering seems to satisfy all constraints. In this ordering, c1 is after all first occurrences of non-constant, and c2 is after all second occurrences of non-constant. So the pattern is: first group: permutation of non-constant symbols (no c), then c1; second group: permutation of non-constant symbols, then c2; third group: permutation of non-constant symbols (no c). That gives sequence length: (K-1) + 1 + (K-1) + 1 + (K-1) = 3K-1. Number of such sequences: number of permutations of first group: (K-1)!, second group: (K-1)!, third group: (K-1)! = ((K-1)!)^3. For K=10, that is (9!)^3 = 362880^3. We computed approximate mod gave 496,093,602 earlier? Actually our computation gave 496,093,602, close to sample 495,293,602? Off by 800,000. Could be due to our approximate mod calculation. Let's compute (9!)^3 mod 998244353 accurately.

We need to compute 362880^3 mod 998244353. Use better method:
362880 mod mod = 362880.
Compute 362880^2 = 131,681,894,400. Now mod: 998,244,353 * 131 = 998,244,353*130 = 129,771,765,890; plus 998,244,353 = 130,770,010,243; subtract from 131,681,894,400 gives 911,884,157. So 362880^2 ≡ 911,884,157 (mod mod).
Now 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * 362,880. We can compute mod by multiplying and then taking mod. Use Python-like mental arithmetic:
Let a = 911,884,157, b = 362,880.
Compute a * b = 911,884,157 * 362,880 = 911,884,157 * (300,000 + 60,000 + 2,880). Already did approximate: 911,884,157*300,000 = 273,565,247,100,
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
