=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
r1

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a permutation P=(P_1,P_2,\dots,P_N) of (1,2,\dots,N).
Consider the following operations k\ (k=2,3,\dots,N) on this permutation.

- Operation k: For i=1,2,\dots,k-1 in this order, if P_i > P_{i+1}, swap the values of the i-th and (i+1)-th elements of P.

You are also given a non-decreasing sequence A=(A_1,A_2,\dots,A_M)\ (2 \leq A_i \leq N) of length M.
For each i=1,2,\dots,M, find the inversion number of P after applying the operations A_1, A_2, \dots, A_i in this order.

 What is the inversion number of a sequence?

The inversion number of a sequence x=(x_1,x_2,\dots,x_n) of length n is the number of pairs of integers (i,j)\ (1\leq i < j \leq n) such that x_i > x_j.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
P_1 P_2 \dots P_N
M
A_1 A_2 \dots A_M

Output

Print M lines. The k-th line should contain the answer to the problem for i=k.

Constraints


- 2 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq M \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 2 \leq A_i \leq N
- P is a permutation of (1,2,\dots,N).
- A_i \leq A_{i+1} for i=1,2,\dots,M-1.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

6
3 2 4 1 6 5
2
4 6

Sample Output 1

3
1

First, operation 4 is performed. During this, P changes as follows: (3,2,4,1,6,5) \rightarrow (2,3,4,1,6,5) \rightarrow (2,3,4,1,6,5) \rightarrow (2,3,1,4,6,5). The inversion number of P afterward is 3.
Next, operation 6 is performed, where P eventually becomes (2,1,3,4,5,6), whose inversion number is 1.

Sample Input 2

20
12 14 16 8 7 15 19 6 18 5 13 9 10 17 4 1 11 20 2 3
15
3 4 6 8 8 9 10 12 13 15 18 18 19 19 20

Sample Output 2

117
116
113
110
108
105
103
99
94
87
79
72
65
58
51

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-implement-recheck way.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Isolate the decisive constraints, the target complexity, and at most one or two approaches that are still truly plausible.
- If two candidates remain, compare them only on the decisive constraint and commit quickly to the stronger one instead of keeping a wide search open.
- Before coding, keep only a tiny implementation ledger for the chosen plan: main invariant, key state or transition, and the one or two edge cases most likely to fail.
- Move into code as soon as that ledger is clear. After coding starts, keep reasoning attached to the current draft rather than reopening the high-level search.
- After the first complete draft, do one short implementation-check-adjust-check loop on the same draft: test the key edge case, patch locally if needed, and recheck.
- Reopen the main design only if a concrete counterexample breaks the core invariant. Otherwise prefer the local patch and keep closing.
- Once the current draft, invariant, and short recheck still agree, finalize the solution.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- spending too long comparing nearby plans before committing to one workable approach;
- returning from code to broad algorithm discussion without a concrete contradiction;
- turning one local doubt into a full restart when the current draft only needs a small patch.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We are given a permutation P of size N up to 2e5, and M queries with non-decreasing A_i (each between 2 and N). For each i, we apply operations k = A_1, then A_2, ... up to A_i in order. Each operation k: for i=1 to k-1 in order, if P_i > P_{i+1}, swap them.

This is reminiscent of bubble sort passes: operation k is like performing a bubble sort pass from left to right but only on the first k elements? Actually operation k does swaps for i from 1 to k-1, so it compares adjacent pairs (1,2), (2,3), ..., (k-1,k). So it's a "bubble" pass that goes through the first k positions. Note that after operation k, the largest element among the first k positions will "bubble" to the k-th position, because it will be swapped forward whenever it is larger than the next element. Similarly, after the pass, the maximum of first k will be at position k (since it will be swapped all the way). However, the entire operation might not fully sort the prefix because after moving the max to the end, the order of other elements might change? Actually bubble sort pass does: it scans from left to right and swaps when out of order. After one full pass (1 to n-1), the maximum element ends up at the end. But for a prefix of length k, after doing i=1 to k-1, the largest among first k ends up at position k, but the relative order of the remaining elements might be partially sorted. However, note that we apply these operations sequentially, and the operations are given in non-decreasing order. So we apply operations for increasing k (non-decreasing, so some repeats possible). So we are essentially performing bubble sort passes with increasing lengths. This is similar to a process that eventually sorts the permutation: applying operation N eventually makes the array sorted? Actually operation N (k=N) performs a bubble pass over the entire array, which moves the maximum to the end. But to fully sort, you need multiple passes; here we apply operations with increasing k, but k can be repeated. In the sample, after operation 4, the array became (2,3,1,4,6,5) with inversion 3. After operation 6, it became (2,1,3,4,5,6) with inversion 1. So it's not fully sorted; it got partially sorted.

We need to compute inversion number after each query. M up to 2e5, N up to 2e5. Must be efficient. Could be a data structure problem.

Observation: The operation k is deterministic. The process of applying operations in increasing order (non-decreasing) may have some monotonic properties. Possibly we can maintain some state that changes gradually.

Let's try to understand what each operation does. Consider the bubble pass on the first k elements. Let's denote the array after previous operations. When we apply operation k, we do: for i=1..k-1: if P_i > P_{i+1}, swap. This is equivalent to: we compare adjacent pairs from left to right. This is exactly one pass of bubble sort on the prefix of length k. It can be simulated in O(k) time, but total could be O(NM) too heavy.

But note that operations are non-decreasing, so k increases. Perhaps we can maintain the array and perform incremental passes as k grows. Since k never decreases, we are essentially doing bubble passes on increasingly longer prefixes. This resembles the algorithm of sorting by bubble sort where you gradually increase the pass length. Indeed, if you repeatedly apply operation N, you eventually sort the array. But here we apply operations with varying k, and we need inversion count after each.

We need a way to update inversion count efficiently.

Let's denote the current permutation as P. Suppose we know inversion number inv. We apply operation k. What changes? The operation consists of a series of adjacent swaps. Each swap changes inversion count by +/-1. Specifically, swapping adjacent elements (x,y) where x>y (so they are out of order) reduces inversion count by 1 because that inversion is removed; if x<y, the operation doesn't swap, so no change. But note the operation only swaps when P_i > P_{i+1}, so each swap reduces inversion count by exactly 1. However, swapping can also affect other pairs? In an adjacent swap, only the relative order of those two elements changes; all other pairs are unaffected. So each swap reduces inversion count by 1. So the total reduction in inversion count after operation k is exactly the number of swaps performed. Therefore, if we can count how many swaps occur during operation k, we can subtract that from current inv to get new inv. So we need to count, given the current array, the number of times we will swap when performing the bubble pass on first k elements.

But we also need to update the array to reflect the swaps because future operations depend on the new state. So we need to simulate the effect of the pass on the array, but we can do it efficiently for many queries. Since k can be up to N=2e5 and M up to 2e5, total cumulative k might be large, but we need an O((N+M) log N) or similar.

Observing that the bubble pass moves the maximum element among first k to the end. In fact, after one pass on first k, the largest element among first k ends up at position k. Moreover, the relative order of the other elements among themselves is preserved? Actually, in bubble sort pass, the algorithm compares adjacent and swaps if out of order. This is equivalent to: for each element, if it is greater than its right neighbor, it moves right by one (bubbles) until it encounters a larger element or reaches the end. During the pass, the largest element will move all the way to position k. The second largest might also move but not necessarily to its final sorted position. But importantly, the pass is deterministic and can be described as "insertion sort" like? Another viewpoint: bubble pass from left to right is equivalent to applying a permutation that corresponds to sorting the prefix by moving each element to the right until it's not larger than the next? Actually it's like we are taking each element from left to right and letting it "sink" to the right until it is smaller than the next element.

Consider the effect of operation k on the permutation: It transforms the prefix of length k into a sequence where the maximum is at position k, and the rest of the prefix is the same as before but with the maximum removed? Let's test: initial prefix length 4: [3,2,4,1]. Operation 4: i=1: 3>2 swap -> [2,3,4,1]; i=2: 3<4 no swap; i=3: 4>1 swap -> [2,3,1,4]. Indeed max=4 moved to position 4, and the other three are [2,3,1] which is the original order of the other elements? Original other elements were 3,2,1; after removal of 4 we have 3,2,1? Wait original order excluding max: positions 1-3 were 3,2,4? Actually we removed 4 from prefix: the remaining numbers are 3,2,1. The order after pass is 2,3,1. That's not the same as original order (3,2,1). So the relative order of the other elements can change. In fact, the bubble pass moves the maximum to the end, but it also may cause some elements to shift left relative to others? Actually the pass is like: we scan left to right, and whenever we encounter an element larger than its right neighbor, we swap. This means that after handling i, we have compared the element at i (which might have been swapped) with its new neighbor. So the process is similar to: we go through the array, and we "bubble up" the larger elements to the right. After one pass, the largest element ends at the end. The other elements might have moved left or right? In the example, 2 moved left from position 2 to 1? Actually initially 2 at position2, then after swap with 3, 2 moved left to position1? That's left, but then 2 stayed at position1 and was never compared again? Then 3 moved to position2, then 3<4 so no swap, so 3 stays. Then 4 moved right to position4, so 4 moved right. So 2 moved left, 3 stayed, 1 stayed? Actually 1 was at position4 initially, after swap with 4, 1 moved left to position3? Wait i=3: compare positions3 and4: before that, positions3 and4 are 4 and1, swap -> 1 goes to position3, 4 to position4. So 1 moved left. So some elements can move left. So the net effect is not simply moving max to end and preserving order of others.

But we can think of operation k as performing a "bubble sort pass" which can be simulated using a data structure like a Fenwick tree to track positions and swaps. However, we have many operations, and we need to update the array. Maybe we can model the process as a series of "insertion" of elements into a partially sorted structure? Another perspective: The sequence of operations (non-decreasing k) is akin to performing bubble sort passes with increasing lengths, which is similar to insertion sort? For example, operation 2 compares first two and swaps if needed, so after operation 2, the first two are sorted non-decreasing? Actually after operation 2, since we only compare positions 1 and2, if P1>P2 we swap, so after that, P1<P2. So the first two are sorted ascending. Then operation 3: compare (1,2) then (2,3). After first comparison, if 1>2 swap, but we might have already that P1<P2, so likely no swap; then compare (2,3): if P2>P3 swap. After this pass, the first three become sorted? Not necessarily; bubble pass on three does not guarantee full sorting but it will move the largest to the end. However, if we combine with previous operations, maybe the prefix becomes sorted after applying operation k for all k up to some value? In standard bubble sort, after the first pass (k=N), the largest is at end. After second pass, the second largest is at N-1, etc. Here we are doing passes with increasing k, not all passes on full array. So it's like we are gradually building a sorted prefix from the left? Actually operation k is applied on prefix of length k. If we have applied operations up to k, then what is the state of the first k elements? Let's test small example.

Take N=5, permutation [5,4,3,2,1]. Apply operation 2: compare (1,2): 5>4 swap -> [4,5,3,2,1]. Now first two sorted? 4<5 yes.
Operation 3: i=1: compare (1,2): 4<5 no swap; i=2: compare (2,3): 5>3 swap -> [4,3,5,2,1]. Now first three: 4,3,5. Not sorted.
Operation 4: i=1: compare 4>3 swap -> [3,4,5,2,1]; i=2: 4<5 no; i=3: 5>2 swap -> [3,4,2,5,1]; so first four: 3,4,2,5.
Operation 5: i=1: 3<4 no; i=2: 4>2 swap -> [3,2,4,5,1]; i=3: 4<5 no; i=4: 5>1 swap -> [3,2,4,1,5]. So after all operations up to 5, the array is [3,2,4,1,5], which is not sorted. So it's not simply building a sorted prefix.

But note that in the process, the largest element among the prefix always ends up at the end of the prefix after the operation. Then, as we apply larger k, that element will be part of the next prefix and may be moved further right if it's not the overall maximum? Actually, after operation k, the maximum of first k is at position k. Then when we later apply operation k+1, we will compare positions k and k+1 (since i goes up to k). So the element at position k (which was the max of first k) will be compared with P_{k+1}. If it is larger, they swap, and then the max may move further right. So eventually, as k increases, larger elements bubble to the right.

This looks similar to the process of "insertion sort" where we have a sorted prefix? Not exactly, but maybe we can think of it as a kind of sorting network. Another idea: Instead of simulating each swap, we can compute the final inversion count after all operations (or after each step) using properties of the permutation and the "bubble sort" passes. Could there be a combinatorial interpretation? The operation k exactly corresponds to one pass of bubble sort on the first k elements. The effect on the overall inversion count can be computed by counting how many inversions are removed. Each swap removes exactly one inversion. So we need to count the number of swaps in each operation.

Now note that the swaps are deterministic and depend on the current state. Perhaps we can maintain a data structure that can efficiently simulate the bubble pass on a prefix, and we need to do it for increasing k. One approach: Use a Fenwick tree to store the current permutation values, but the bubble pass involves scanning left to right and swapping adjacent elements. However, we only need to perform the operation when k increases. Since k is non-decreasing, we can consider processing elements from left to right, and maintain something like a stack or a sorted list? There is a known trick: For bubble sort passes, the number of swaps in a pass can be computed from the current inversions of the prefix? Not exactly.

Alternatively, we can think of the whole process as a series of "bubble" steps that move elements to the right until they encounter a larger element. In fact, if we consider each element as a "bubble", it will move right whenever it is larger than the next element. In a single pass from left to right, each element can move right multiple times, but only one step per comparison. The total number of swaps for a given element in a pass is equal to the number of elements to its right that are smaller than it, but limited by the fact that after it moves, it may still be larger than the next, etc. Actually, in a bubble sort pass, each element will move right by the number of consecutive smaller elements to its right, until it hits a larger element or the end of the pass. More precisely, for an element x currently at position i (within the prefix being processed), during the pass, it will be compared with its right neighbor. If x > neighbor, they swap, and x moves to i+1. Then it will be compared again with the new neighbor (i+2) if i+1 < k (since the pass continues). So essentially, x will continue to move right as long as the element immediately to its right is smaller than x. So it will "bubble" to the right until it encounters an element larger than x (or reaches position k). At that point, it stops because it will not swap (since x < larger element) and then the pass continues with comparisons further right, but x no longer participates.

Thus, during a pass on prefix of length k, each element can move right by some number of steps, determined by how many consecutive smaller elements are immediately to its right at the start of the pass? However, note that as other elements also move, the pattern might change. But crucially, because the pass is done left to right, the movement of an element only depends on the elements that are to its right that are smaller, but after those smaller elements are swapped leftwards, they might also move? Actually, when x swaps with a smaller element y, y moves left one step. Later, when the pass reaches that position, y might be compared with its new left neighbor (which is some other element), but that's after x moved right. So the process is akin to: In a bubble sort pass, the relative order of the elements among themselves is such that after the pass, the sequence is "almost sorted" in the sense that no element is followed by a smaller element? Not exactly, because the pass only moves large elements right, but small elements can move left, creating new inversions? Actually the total number of inversions decreases by the number of swaps, so it cannot create new inversions. So the pass is non-increasing in inversion count.

Given that operation k is a deterministic transformation, we might try to simulate the entire process with a data structure that supports "bubble up" of elements. Since k increases, we are essentially adding a new element at the end of the prefix gradually? Because the prefix length increases by at most 1 each step? Actually A_i is non-decreasing but can have repeats, so k can stay same or increase. So we may need to handle multiple operations with the same k. But perhaps we can process each distinct k once, applying operation k as many times as needed? However operation k applied multiple times consecutively is like doing multiple bubble passes on the same prefix. But note that applying operation k twice is not the same as applying operation k once: Bubble sort requires multiple passes to sort. So we cannot skip repetitions.

But maybe there's a property: After applying operation k once, the maximum is at position k. Then if we apply operation k again, what happens? Let's test: Suppose after first operation 4 we have [2,3,1,4,6,5]. Apply operation 4 again: i=1: 2<3 no; i=2: 3>1 swap -> [2,1,3,4,6,5]; i=3: 3<4 no. So after second pass, array becomes [2,1,3,4,6,5]. The maximum is still at position4 (4). So the second pass moved the second largest (3) to position3? Actually first pass had max=4 at end, second pass moved 3 to end of its range? It's like bubble sort: each pass moves the current maximum of the unsorted part to the end. So repeated passes on the same prefix will eventually sort that prefix. So if we have repeated operations with same k, we are essentially performing bubble sort on that prefix, and each pass decreases inversion count.

Thus, the entire process can be seen as: We are given a sequence of "bubble sort passes" on prefixes of lengths given by A_i. In total, we may have up to M=2e5 passes, each on a prefix of length up to N. We need to compute inversion count after each pass.

Maybe we can use a segment tree or binary indexed tree to maintain the permutation and simulate the swaps in a more efficient way. Note that each swap flips two adjacent elements, which can be handled by a data structure that supports swapping and querying inversion count. But we need to perform many swaps (potentially O(N^2) in total if naive). However, the total number of swaps across all operations might be O(N^2) in worst case? For a reverse sorted permutation [N,N-1,...,1], how many swaps does each operation do? Operation 2: 1 swap; operation 3: up to 2 swaps? Actually for reverse sorted, operation k will cause the maximum (N) to move from position 1 all the way to position k, doing k-1 swaps. But N is large, and we have operations up to N, and possibly multiple passes. In the worst case, total swaps could be O(N^2) (e.g., if we do many passes on full array). But note that M is up to 2e5, and N up to 2e5. O(N^2) is impossible. So we need a smarter approach that counts swaps without simulating each individually.

Observation: The number of swaps during one bubble sort pass on a sequence can be computed from the "inversion count" of the sequence? Actually, in bubble sort, the number of swaps in a pass is equal to the number of inversions that are "adjacent" at that moment? Not exactly. However, there is known fact: In bubble sort, the total number of swaps over all passes equals the total inversion count. But we need per pass.

Alternative viewpoint: The operation k is essentially performing a "bubble" movement that pushes the largest element of the prefix to the right end. More generally, each element x will move right by the number of elements smaller than x that appear to its right but are "blocked" by even larger elements? Hmm.

Perhaps we can model the process as follows: For each element, we can track its "bubble" path. Since operations are on prefixes, an element at position i will be affected only by operations with k >= i (because it's within the prefix). For each operation k, element at position i (i <= k) will either move right or not depending on comparisons. This resembles the idea of "bubble sort" as repeatedly moving larger elements to the right. After all operations (if we had enough passes), the array would become sorted. But we have a specific sequence of passes.

Another idea: Since the operations are non-decreasing, we can process the passes in order, but we can also think of the state after all operations up to a certain point as a result of a known sorting algorithm: "bubble sort with passes of increasing lengths". Is there a simpler characterization of the final state after applying operations A_1..A_i? Possibly it's equivalent to sorting the permutation by a specific method: For each element, its final position after a series of passes can be determined by the number of smaller elements to its right and the order of passes? Not sure.

Let's look at sample to see pattern. Sample1: N=6, P=[3,2,4,1,6,5]. After operation 4: [2,3,1,4,6,5]; inv=3. After operation 6: [2,1,3,4,5,6]; inv=1. Let's compute initial inversion count: pairs: (3,2),(3,1),(2,1),(4,1),(6,5) => 5 inversions. After op4: (2,1),(3,1) plus? Let's list: [2,3,1,4,6,5]: inversions: (2,1),(3,1) only? Also (6,5) is still there? Actually positions: 5:6,6:5 -> inversion. So total 3. So op4 removed 2 inversions. After op6: [2,1,3,4,5,6]: inversion: (2,1) only ->1. So op6 removed 2 inversions.

Now, could we compute the number of swaps in a pass using some precomputed data? For example, the number of swaps in operation k is equal to the number of positions i (1<=i<k) such that P_i > P_{i+1} at the start of the pass? Not exactly, because swaps change subsequent comparisons. However, note that during the pass, each element moves right by a certain number of steps, and the total number of swaps is sum over elements of the distance they move right? Actually, when an element moves right by d steps, it participates in d swaps. So total swaps = sum over elements of (distance moved right). Additionally, some elements move left (when swapped with a larger element), but left movements are accounted as the larger element's right movement. So total swaps = total rightward movement of all elements (since each swap moves one element right and one left). So if we can compute the rightward movement of each element during the pass, we can sum them.

Now consider an element with value v initially at position p (within the prefix). During the pass, it will move right until it encounters an element larger than v (or reaches the end of prefix). The elements it passes over are those smaller than v that are initially to its right? But because other elements also move, the actual path might be complicated. However, there is a known property of bubble sort: In a single pass, each element moves right by exactly the number of smaller elements that are to its right and that are not "blocked" by larger elements? Actually, consider the process: As you scan left to right, each time an element is larger than its right neighbor, it swaps. This is equivalent to: for each element, it will "bubble" right past all smaller elements that are immediately to its right at the time it reaches them. Since the pass proceeds left to right, an element x will encounter the next element y. If x>y, they swap, and now x is at position i+1, and y is at i. Then the algorithm continues from i+1 (since i is incremented after each comparison), so x will be compared with the next element z. So effectively, x will keep moving right as long as the element immediately to its right is smaller than x. This is like x "passes" over a contiguous block of elements that are all smaller than x, and they all get shifted left by one. After x finishes, the block of smaller elements that were to its right shift left, but their relative order is preserved? Actually, if x moves past y and z, where y and z are both smaller, after swapping with y, x is at y's position, y is left of x. Then when comparing x with z, if x>z, they swap, so x moves to z's position, z moves left to where y was? Wait careful: Suppose we have [x, y, z] with x>y and x>z, but we don't know y vs z. Pass: i=1: compare x and y: x>y swap -> [y, x, z]. i=2: compare x and z (since i now points to 2): x>z swap -> [y, z, x]. So after the pass, the order of y and z is preserved (they stay in same relative order). So the smaller elements shift left, maintaining their order. So indeed, the bubble pass moves x to the right past all consecutive smaller elements, and the block of smaller elements shifts left by one position each, preserving their order. So conceptually, for each element x, in a single pass, it will "bubble" to the right over a contiguous segment of smaller elements immediately following it. But note that after some larger elements have moved, the contiguous block might be broken? However, because larger elements move right, they tend to move past smaller ones, so the smaller ones accumulate on the left? This suggests that we can think of the array as being processed by a "stack" of elements sorted by value? Another viewpoint: The bubble sort pass is equivalent to: scan from left to right, maintain a monotonic decreasing stack? Not exactly.

Let's try to formalize the effect of a bubble pass on a prefix of length k. Suppose we have sequence a[1..k]. Define: For each position i, consider the maximum element to the left? Hmm.

Another known technique: The number of swaps in a bubble sort pass on a permutation is equal to the number of "inversions" where the larger element is immediately to the left of the smaller? But that's not accurate because after swapping, new adjacent inversions appear.

We need a data structure that can simulate the bubble pass efficiently, perhaps using a balanced BST that maintains the "next larger element" to the right. Since the pass moves each element right by the number of smaller elements that are immediately to its right consecutively, and this number can be found by looking at the nearest larger element to the right. In fact, suppose we have an element x. Let y be the first element to the right of x that is larger than x. Then, in the bubble pass, x will move right until it reaches the position just before y (if y exists within the prefix), because it will swap with every element between x and y (all smaller than x) and then when it meets y, since y > x, it stops (no swap). If there is no larger element within the prefix, x will move all the way to the end of the prefix. So the distance x moves right in the pass is exactly the number of elements between x and the next larger element (or end) that are smaller than x. But are these elements all smaller than x? Since by definition, the next larger element is the first element greater than x, so all elements between x and that larger element are smaller than x (if they were larger, they'd be the next larger). So yes, the block between x and the next larger element consists entirely of elements smaller than x. So x will pass over all of them, shifting them left by one. So x's rightward movement = count of elements between x and its next larger element (or end of prefix). Moreover, after the pass, the relative order of those smaller elements is preserved, and x ends up immediately left of the next larger element (or at the end). This is a key insight.

Thus, during the bubble pass, each element will move right exactly to the position immediately before the next larger element to its right (or end). But note that as larger elements move, the "next larger" for an element might change because larger elements themselves move. However, since the pass scans left to right, when a larger element moves right, it moves past smaller elements, so for an element x, its next larger element might be originally to its right, but if that larger element moves further right during the pass, does that affect x's movement? Consider: x is at some position, then a larger element L to its right might move right during the pass (because L itself may be larger than its right neighbor). For x to have L as its next larger, L must be the first larger to the right. But L might move right, and then a new element that was originally to the right of L might become the next larger? However, the pass proceeds left to right. When we process x, we first compare with its immediate right neighbor. If x is larger, they swap, and x moves right. It continues to move right as long as the new right neighbor is smaller. It stops when it encounters a larger element. This larger element could be one that hasn't moved yet (since we haven't processed it) or one that has moved? But note that we process elements from left to right, so when we are at x's original position, we haven't yet processed elements to its right. So the larger elements to the right are still in their original order (they haven't been compared yet). However, if a larger element L is to the right, and there is an even larger element further right, L might later move right past that even larger element? But L is larger than x, so when we later compare L with its right neighbor, if L is larger than that neighbor, it will swap. However, L's movement is after x has already moved and possibly passed it? Actually, let's trace: Suppose array: [x, a, b, L, c] where x < L, and all a,b are < x? Actually if x < L, then x cannot pass L because L is larger. So x will stop before L. So L's position relative to x remains the same (since x stops before L). But L may later move right (if L > c, etc.), but that doesn't affect x because x is already to the left. So the next larger for x is indeed the first element to the right that is larger than x, and it remains the same throughout the pass because x never passes it, and that larger element may move right but still stays to the right of x. However, if there's an element y that is larger than x but smaller than L, and located between x and L, then that y would be the next larger for x, not L. So the next larger is the first larger element to the right. That element might itself be moved to the right during the pass? But if y is larger than x, x will stop when it encounters y (since y > x), so x won't pass y. Then y might later be compared with its right neighbor. If y is larger than that neighbor, y will swap and move right, possibly moving away from x. But x is already left of y, so x's relative position to y doesn't change? Actually, if y moves right, then the gap between x and y increases, but x is still left of y. That's fine. So x's final position is just left of y after y may have moved? But wait, when x encounters y, they compare: x < y so no swap. Then the pass continues with i pointing to the position of y (since i increments). So y is now compared with its right neighbor. If y > next, they swap, and y moves right one step. That places a new element (which was after y) now to the left of y? Actually after swapping, y moves to the right, and the smaller element moves left to y's old position. So now, x is still left of y? But y's old position becomes the smaller element, and y is now one step to the right. So x is still left of y, but there is an element between them (the smaller element that moved left). However, x and y are not adjacent anymore. But x's final position is still the position it reached when it stopped, which is just left of the element that was originally y? Actually consider: Initially: [x, ..., y, ...]. When x reaches the position just left of y, they compare: x<y, no swap. Then the algorithm moves to the next i (which is the position of y). It compares y with its right neighbor. If y>neighbor, they swap: y moves right, neighbor moves left. So now the element that was right of y moves to y's old position, which is now immediately right of x. So now x's right neighbor is that smaller element. But x won't be compared again with that new neighbor because the index i has already passed x's position (the comparison of x with y was at the step when i was at x's position, which is now finished). So x stays where it is, and the new small element is to its right. So x's final position is indeed before the original y's position, but y may move further right. So the key point: For each element, its final position after the pass is determined by the first larger element to its right in the original order? Not exactly, because if that larger element moves, it might create a gap, but x doesn't move into that gap because it already stopped. So x ends up at a position that is the leftmost position such that the element to its right (at the end of the pass) is either the original first larger element or a smaller element that swapped with it? Actually in the scenario where y moves, the element that ends up immediately right of x is the one that was originally after y and swapped left. That element is smaller than y. Since x didn't swap with it, it might be that x > that element? But x and that element didn't have a comparison because after x stopped, the algorithm considered y and then moved on. If x > that small element, then there would be an inversion (x > right neighbor) that persists after the pass. But is that allowed? Let's test with numbers: x=5, y=7, neighbor=3. So initial: [5,7,3]. Pass: i=1: compare 5<7 no swap. i=2: compare 7>3 swap -> [5,3,7]. After the pass, we have [5,3,7]. Now x=5 has right neighbor 3, and 5>3, so there is an inversion. But note that during the pass, x did not have a chance to swap with 3 because x was compared with y (7) and then the algorithm moved on. So indeed, inversions can remain. So x's movement is not merely to the position before the first larger; it stops earlier because it only considers adjacent pairs; it doesn't "see" later small elements that come after larger ones. So the earlier reasoning that x passes over all smaller elements until it hits a larger one is only valid if there are no larger elements interspersed. But larger elements block x's progress. So effectively, x can only pass over elements that are smaller than x AND that appear consecutively to its right without any larger element in between. Because when x encounters a larger element, it stops, and any smaller elements after that larger element cannot be passed by x because they are not consecutive from x's perspective (the larger element is in between). So the rightward movement of x is limited to the initial contiguous segment of smaller elements immediately to its right, up to but not including the next larger element. In other words, we can think of the permutation as a sequence, and for each element, we look at the run of elements to its right that are all smaller than it, until we hit an element larger than it. That run is precisely the elements that will be passed by x. And after x passes them, they shift left by one, preserving order. Then x sits just left of the larger element that stopped it.

But note that after x passes, the larger element may later move right, but that doesn't affect x's position. So we can compute the effect of the entire pass by processing elements from left to right and, for each element, if it is not already "blocked" by a larger element that hasn't moved? However, the key is that the outcome of a bubble pass on a sequence can be computed by a stack-based algorithm: scan from left to right, maintain a stack of values that are in decreasing order? Actually, think of the following: After the pass, the sequence becomes such that every element is followed by a larger element? Not, because there can still be inversions like [5,3,7]. The property of a sequence after a bubble pass: It is "almost sorted" in the sense that it's a "decreasing sequence" of "records"? Alternatively, there's known transformation: The bubble pass is equivalent to applying the "inverse" of the "right-to-last" mapping? Hmm.

But perhaps we can simulate the entire process by maintaining a data structure that holds the current permutation as a linked list, and for each pass, we can simulate the swaps efficiently by processing elements that are "out of order". Since the number of swaps per pass might be large, but we might be able to amortize the total number of swaps across all passes. In bubble sort, the total number of swaps across all passes is equal to the total inversion count, which is O(N^2) in worst case, but here we only do passes on increasing prefixes and we do up to M passes. In worst case, if we do many passes on the full array (e.g., repeated operation N), total swaps could be huge (like O(N^2) if permutation is reverse sorted, because each pass does N-1 swaps, and if we do M up to 2e5 passes, that's huge). So we cannot simulate each swap individually if M is large and swaps per pass is large.

We need a different perspective.

Maybe we can use the fact that the operations are non-decreasing and we only need the inversion count after each operation, not the full array. Perhaps the inversion count can be updated without explicitly tracking all swaps. Could there be a formula linking the number of swaps in operation k to something like "the number of elements in the first k that are not in their final sorted positions"? Not exactly.

Let's step back and think about the overall process. We have a permutation. We apply a sequence of bubble passes on prefixes of lengths that are non-decreasing. This is reminiscent of the process of "building a Cartesian tree" or "heap" structure. Another idea: Consider the positions of elements. The bubble pass essentially moves larger elements to the right. Over time, the permutation becomes more "sorted". Since the operations are on increasing prefixes, it's like we are gradually "sorting" the array from left to right? In the sample, after operation 4, the first 4 elements are [2,3,1,4], which is not sorted. After operation 6, the whole array becomes nearly sorted except (2,1).

Maybe we can think of the process as: Each element has a "bubbling" path to the right, and each time we apply an operation with k, it affects the elements within the first k. The bubble pass might be equivalent to "inserting" each element into a data structure that maintains the sorted order? Actually, there is a known algorithm: "bubble sort" can be implemented with a binary indexed tree to count inversions, but here we need to simulate passes.

Perhaps we can use a segment tree that supports "range minimum" or "next greater element" queries and also supports "range shift" operations. Since a bubble pass moves elements to the right by certain amounts, we could model it as: For each element (processed in order of value?), it will eventually move to some final position determined by the number of smaller elements to its right that are not "blocked" by larger ones. This is getting messy.

Maybe the trick is to notice that the total number of swaps performed up to some point is exactly the number of inversions that have been removed, and that we can compute the inversion count after each operation by maintaining a data structure that can answer "how many inversions are there in the current array?" quickly after each pass without simulating the swaps. But we also need to update the array for subsequent passes, so we need to know the new permutation. However, we might not need the full permutation if we only need to compute the number of swaps in the next pass. The number of swaps in operation k can be computed from the current array's "adjacent inversions" and some other properties. Is there a way to compute the number of swaps in a bubble pass without actually performing the pass? For example, the number of swaps is equal to the number of "inversions" where the larger element is to the left of a smaller element, but only considering pairs that become adjacent at some point? Not directly.

Another angle: Since the operations are on prefixes and k is non-decreasing, we can think of processing the array from left to right and applying a series of "bubble steps" that gradually sort the array. Maybe we can maintain a data structure that simulates the process as if we were performing insertion sort. In insertion sort, we take each element and insert it into the sorted prefix. In bubble sort, repeated passes also eventually sort. But here we have passes of increasing lengths, which is similar to: The prefix of length 2 is sorted after first operation 2 (since only two elements). Then operation 3 will sort the first 3? Actually after operation 2, first two are sorted. Operation 3: we do a bubble pass on first 3. This will move the largest of the three to position 3, but the first two might not be sorted after that (e.g., earlier example with [5,4,3] gave [4,5,3] then [4,3,5]? Wait, let's test with sorted prefix: suppose after operation 2 we have [4,5,3]. Operation 3: i=1: 4<5 no; i=2: 5>3 swap -> [4,3,5]. Now first three are [4,3,5], not sorted. So operation 3 does not produce a sorted prefix. However, if we then apply operation 3 again? That would be a second pass, which would sort it? Let's see: apply operation 3 again on [4,3,5]: i=1: 4>3 swap -> [3,4,5]; i=2: 4<5 no. So after two passes on length 3, the prefix becomes sorted. So in general, to sort a prefix of length k, we need to apply operation k multiple times—specifically, we need enough passes to bubble the largest elements to the end. In fact, to fully sort a prefix of length k, we need at most k-1 passes. But our sequence of operations may include many passes on the same k (if A_i repeats), or it may increase k before the prefix is fully sorted.

Thus, the overall process is similar to: we have an "incomplete" bubble sort on the whole array, where we only perform passes on prefixes, and we may not have enough passes to sort each prefix fully. The inversion count decreases with each pass.

Since M and N are both up to 2e5, perhaps the total number of swaps across all operations is O(N log N) or O(N sqrt N) due to the non-decreasing k constraint? Let's think. Could it be that each element moves right only O(log N) times? Not necessarily. In reverse sorted permutation, the largest element moves right one step per pass? Actually, in a reverse sorted permutation of size N, the first pass (k=N) will move the largest element (N) from position 1 to position N, doing N-1 swaps. Then the next pass (k=N) will move the second largest (N-1) from position 1 to position N-1, doing N-2 swaps, etc. So each element moves right many steps. So total swaps over all passes if we do many passes can be O(N^2). But here we may not do many passes on the full array; A_i can be as large as N and M can be up to 2e5, so we could have many passes on the full array (like 2e5 passes). That would be huge. So we need a more clever method.

Maybe the non-decreasing A_i implies that the total number of swaps across all operations is actually O(N log N) because the process resembles some kind of "merge" or "bubble" that can be analyzed with a union-find or something? Let's try to find a structural property.

Consider each element's value and its initial position. In bubble sort, the number of passes needed for an element to reach its final sorted position is related to the number of smaller elements to its right (its inversion count). But here we have variable prefixes.

Another thought: The operation k is exactly the same as performing one step of the "odd-even sort" or "parallel bubble sort"? Actually, bubble sort can be parallelized by doing odd-even transposition sort. But not applicable.

Maybe we can view the process as a network of comparators: For each k, we have comparators between (1,2), (2,3), ..., (k-1,k) applied in order from left to right. This is a series of comparators that form a "sorting network"? Actually, the composition of these operations for increasing k might be equivalent to a particular sorting network called "columns" network? Could be that after applying operations for all k from 2 to N (each exactly once), we obtain a sorted permutation? Let's test with simple cases. For N=3, apply op2 then op3. Start with [3,2,1]. op2: compare (1,2): 3>2 swap -> [2,3,1]. op3: i=1:2<3 no; i=2:3>1 swap -> [2,1,3]. Result: [2,1,3] not sorted. So not sorted. Apply again op2? But we only have one of each? If we apply op2 again on [2,1,3]: op2: 2>1 swap -> [1,2,3]. So after op2 again, sorted. So if we apply operations in order 2,3,2, we get sorted. The problem sequence is A_i non-decreasing, so could be 2,3,3,... So it's not necessarily all passes.

Maybe we can think of the process as each operation k "pushes" the largest element in the current first k to the end of that prefix. Since all operations are applied consecutively, this is like repeatedly pushing the current maximum of a growing prefix to the right. This is reminiscent of the "priority queue" or "sliding window maximum". Consider the array as it evolves. The operation k (when applied) moves the maximum of the first k to position k. Then later, when we apply operation k+1, that maximum (now at position k) will be compared with the element at position k+1. If it is larger, it will swap and move to position k+1, becoming the maximum of the first k+1, and then it may move further right if there are smaller elements later. So essentially, each element that is a "record" (i.e., larger than all to its left) will bubble to the right until it reaches its "correct" position in the sorted order? In other words, the process seems to be: Each element, starting from the leftmost, will "bubble" right past any smaller elements it encounters. Because when an element is larger than its right neighbor, they swap, so the larger moves right. This continues until it meets a larger element, then that larger element takes over. So it's like a "carry" of the current maximum. In fact, we can think of the process as: There is a "current maximum" that propagates rightward through the array, and whenever it meets a smaller element, it swaps and continues; when it meets a larger element, the larger element becomes the new current maximum and continues. But that's similar to the standard bubble pass: The largest element in the prefix will eventually move to the end, but during the pass, the "maximum" is passed along. More generally, consider scanning from left to right. Keep a variable "cur_max" that is the maximum seen so far. When we move to the next element, if cur_max > next, we swap? Actually, during the bubble pass, the comparisons are between adjacent elements, so it's like: we start with element at pos1. Compare with pos2: if larger, swap, so now pos2 holds the larger (which could be the original pos1 or pos2). Then compare pos2 and pos3, etc. So essentially, the maximum element among the processed prefix is always moving rightwards. So after the pass, the maximum of the prefix ends at the end.

This suggests that the effect of a bubble pass on a prefix can be simulated by a "single pass" that moves the maximum to the end, but also subtly changes the order of the other elements. However, the change in the order of the other elements is exactly that they are shifted left by one for each time they were passed by a larger element. In other words, the bubble pass is equivalent to: For each element, if it is not the maximum of the prefix, it will be moved left by the number of elements larger than it that are to its left that pass over it. The number of times an element is swapped left is equal to the number of larger elements to its left that "pass" it during the pass. And the total number of swaps is the sum over elements of the number of larger elements to its left that pass it. But that's exactly the inversion count? Actually, an inversion is a pair (i,j) with i<j and P_i>P_j. In a bubble pass, each inversion gets "resolved" by swapping the larger element to the right? Not exactly, but in the entire bubble sort, each inversion leads to one swap at some point. Over multiple passes, each inversion is eventually resolved by a swap. But in a single pass, only a subset of inversions are resolved: those where the larger element is immediately to the left of the smaller at the time of the scan. However, the bubble pass also creates new inversions? No, it only reduces inversions. So the number of swaps in a pass equals the number of inversions that are directly adjacent and have the larger on left at the moment they are compared. But we can't precompute that.

Let's try to find a data structure approach that can simulate many passes efficiently by exploiting the fact that the sequence of swaps is deterministic and that we only need the inversion count after each pass. Maybe we can maintain a binary indexed tree that stores for each position the value, and we can process the swaps in bulk. For a bubble pass, we need to find all positions i where P_i > P_{i+1} and then swap them. After swapping, we need to check if new inversions appear at i-1 and i+1? This is similar to a "bubble sort" algorithm that repeatedly swaps adjacent out-of-order pairs. The typical way to simulate this efficiently is to use a "queue" of indices that might need attention. For a single bubble pass, we could simulate it in O(N) time by scanning left to right and swapping. That's O(N) per pass. Since M ≤ 2e5 and N ≤ 2e5, O(M*N) is too much. But maybe we can bound the total number of swaps across all passes. In a full bubble sort, the total number of swaps is the inversion count, which can be O(N^2). But here we only do passes on prefixes of increasing length, and we may have many passes. However, note that the inversion count can be up to N(N-1)/2 ≈ 2e10, but we are only printing up to 2e5 queries. So we cannot count each swap individually if there are many. But we can maintain the inversion count as a number, and we need to compute the number of swaps in each pass without simulating all swaps. So we need a method to compute the reduction in inversion count for a given pass quickly.

Consider the process of a bubble pass on a sequence. Let’s denote the initial sequence a[1..k]. After the pass, we get a new sequence b[1..k]. The number of swaps s = number of adjacent pairs that are inverted at the moment of comparison. There might be a known result: s equals the number of "inversions" where the larger element is to the left of a smaller one, but only those that are "visible" in a certain sense? Actually, if you think of the pass as simulating a "deque" or "two-pointer" technique, there might be a way to compute the final sequence b efficiently.

Let's try to understand b in terms of a. I recall that a bubble sort pass is equivalent to applying the "pop" operation in a certain way: Consider the elements as balls with weights. The pass moves each ball to the right until it meets a heavier ball. This is analogous to the process of "gravity" sorting. In fact, the final order after a bubble pass is such that the sequence is "greater" than the original in the sense of the "bubble" operator. There is also a known connection with "Cartesian tree": In a binary tree where parent is nearest larger element to the left? Not sure.

Another approach: Since the operations are non-decreasing, we might be able to process the array from left to right, maintaining a data structure that simulates the "bubbling" of elements. Consider the following: We have a pointer that goes through the array. For each operation k, we want to apply the pass. Since k increases, we can think of processing the array in order of operations on increasing prefixes. Perhaps we can simulate the entire process by reading the array and maintaining a "sorted" list of elements that have been "processed" up to some point. For example, start with an empty list. For each operation k, we "insert" the element at position k (if k is new) into some structure, and then perform a "bubble" on the prefix? This is reminiscent of insertion sort: insert the new element into a sorted list, but the bubble pass does more than that.

Wait, consider we have already applied operations up to k-1. At this point, the first (k-1) elements have been subjected to some number of bubble passes (depending on how many operations with length >= k-1 have been applied). Then we apply operation k. This operation will involve the first k elements. The new element P_k (initially at position k) has not been part of any previous operation (since all previous ops had length ≤ k-1, they didn't include position k). So at the moment we start operation k, the element at position k is the original P_k (since it has never been swapped with anything before, because operations on prefixes of length <= k-1 don't affect position k). However, note that during operation k, the prefix up to k is processed, so element at position k may be swapped with the element at position k-1 if the latter is larger. So the new element can move left? Actually, it can only move left if a larger element from the left swaps with it. So P_k may get swapped left if some larger element from the left bubbles into position k-1 and then swaps? In the pass, when i = k-1, we compare positions k-1 and k. If P_{k-1} > P_k, they swap, so P_k moves left to k-1, and the larger moves right to k. Then subsequently, the algorithm continues with i=k (but i goes only up to k-1, so after i=k-1, the pass ends). So P_k can at most move left by one. However, after swapping, the larger element that moved to position k may be further swapped with position k+1 in later operations, but not in this operation. So for operation k, the only way the new element P_k can move is that it might be swapped left by one if the element before it is larger. It cannot move right because there is no comparison with position k+1 (since i only goes to k-1). So the new element can only move left at most one step during operation k. In general, during operation k, the element originally at position k can only be swapped left at most once. On the other hand, elements originally in positions 1..k-1 may move right by possibly multiple steps.

This suggests an incremental view: As k increases, we "introduce" a new element at the right end. Then operation k does a bubble pass on the prefix, which will process the new element and possibly move it left, and also shift other elements right. This is similar to the process of inserting a new element into a "bubble sorted" array. If we think of the prefix after operations up to k-1 as already partially processed, then operation k essentially inserts the new element at the end and then performs a bubble pass that may move it leftwards past some elements that are larger than it (but only one step per pass? Actually, in a single pass, it can only move left at most one step because only the last comparison involves it. Wait, consider k=3: positions: a,b (processed), new c at pos3. Operation 3: compare (1,2), then compare (2,3). So c is only involved in the last comparison. So it can at most move left by one (if b>c). It cannot move further left because after swapping, the algorithm ends. So in a single pass, an element can move left at most once. So the new element's leftward movement is limited. However, later operations with larger k (like k+1) might cause it to move left again? Because after operation k, the former new element is now at position k or k-1. Then operation k+1: it includes positions up to k+1. So if the element is at position k-1 or k, it could be compared with its right neighbor (which is now at k or k+1) or left neighbor. Actually, it could potentially move left again during later operations if a larger element from the left passes it. But note that leftward movement of an element occurs when it is swapped with a larger element from the left. That larger element is moving right. So an element can be shifted left multiple times over different passes, as larger elements from left pass over it. For example, in reverse sorted array, the smallest element (1) starts at position N? Actually reverse sorted: [N, N-1, ..., 1]. The smallest element 1 is at rightmost initially. During operation 2: only first two, so 1 untouched. ... up to operation N: it gets swapped left by one? Let's simulate: Initially at posN is 1. Operation N: i=1..N-1. At i=N-1, compare P_{N-1} (which is 2) and P_N (1): 2>1 swap -> [.., 1,2] after that. So 1 moves left by one. Then later, other passes may move it further left? For instance, if we apply operation N again (another pass), then during that pass, 1 is now at position N-1. At i=N-2, compare P_{N-2} (3) and P_{N-1} (1): 3>1 swap -> 1 moves left to N-2. So indeed, each pass can move 1 left by one step. So an element can move left many times over multiple passes, until it reaches its final sorted position. So the leftward movement of an element is exactly the number of larger elements to its left that eventually pass over it. This is akin to the number of inversions involving that element.

Now, since we only have operations with non-decreasing k, and k starts from small values, the leftmost elements are introduced early and get many passes, while rightmost elements are introduced later and get fewer passes. The total number of leftward movements (which correspond to swaps that reduce inversion count) might be bounded by total inversions, but we still need to compute the count per pass.

Maybe we can maintain for each element its current position and the number of passes it has been involved in. There might be a way to compute the number of swaps in operation k by considering only the new element and some "bubble" effect. Let's try to design an algorithm that processes the array in order of increasing k, maintaining the current permutation as a data structure that supports "bubble pass" on the prefix efficiently. Could we use a segment tree that can "propagate" the effect of a bubble pass as a series of "rank updates"?

Another angle: The bubble pass on a prefix can be described as: for i from 1 to k-1, if a[i] > a[i+1], swap. This is exactly the same as: for j from 1 to k-1, "bubble" a[j] to the right until it's not larger than the next. This is reminiscent of "partitioning" the array into runs. In fact, after the pass, the sequence becomes such that it is a "bridge" between the original and a more sorted state. Could we compute the final sequence after a single pass using a stack? Consider the following algorithm: Start with an empty stack. Scan the array from left to right. For each element x in the original array, we want to produce the final array: if the stack top is larger than x, then pop the stack and push x? Not exactly.

Actually, there is a known concept: "bubble sort pass" moves each element to the right until it meets a larger element, and the smaller elements are shifted left. This is exactly the same as the transformation performed by "right-to-left" scanning in the "Cartesian tree" construction. More precisely, if you build the Cartesian tree of the array (with min-heap or max-heap), the in-order traversal of the tree gives the original order, but the bubble pass might relate to the "heapify" operation. Alternatively, consider the "permutation and its inverse". Could we compute the inversion number after each operation using a Fenwick tree that tracks the positions of each value?

Let's step back and try to think of the process in terms of each value's "bubble" path. Since the array is a permutation, each value from 1 to N appears exactly once. The operation k moves the maximum of the first k to the end of that prefix. If we think of the values themselves, the largest values will eventually move to the right. In fact, after all operations, the array will become sorted? Not necessarily, because we only apply a finite number of passes; but after enough passes, it would be sorted. In the sample, after two operations we got [2,1,3,4,5,6], which is almost sorted. That's because the initial array had a few inversions.

We need an algorithm that can handle M up to 2e5 and N up to 2e5, so we need something like O((N+M) log N) or O(N sqrt N). Data structure ideas: Use a balanced BST (treap) to maintain the sequence, and for each operation k, we need to "bubble" by doing a series of swaps. But we cannot do each swap individually. However, maybe we can do the bubble pass in O(log N) time by using a segment tree that can "propagate" a "bubble" as a range operation? Could it be that the bubble pass is equivalent to "right-rotating" the subarray of each "record"? For example, consider the sequence of "maximums". The bubble pass moves the global maximum of the prefix to the end, but it also moves the second maximum to the position just before the end? Actually, after one pass on the whole array, the largest is at the end, and the second largest is at the second-to-last? Not exactly, as we saw earlier with [4,3,5] after a pass on first 3, the largest is 5 at end, but second largest 4 is at position 1. So not.

Let's simulate on a generic example to see pattern: Suppose we have prefix of length k. Consider the process: Start with list L. The pass will produce a new list L' such that for each element, its final position is determined by the number of larger elements to its left that are greater than it? Actually, let's compute L' from L by the following procedure: Initialize an empty list R. Iterate through L from left to right. Let x be current element. While R is not empty and R.top() > x: pop R and push x? That would produce something like a monotonic stack? Let's test: L = [3,2,4,1]. Process:
- x=3, R empty, push 3 -> R=[3].
- x=2, R.top=3 >2, so pop 3, push 2 -> R=[2] (and we also need to output 3 eventually? Not good.)
Maybe we need a different approach.

Alternatively, consider the "inverse" transformation: The bubble pass on a permutation is equivalent to multiplying by a specific permutation that can be derived from the "records" of the array. I recall that the number of swaps in a bubble pass is equal to the number of "descents" (i where a[i] > a[i+1]) in the sequence after removing certain elements? Not.

Another thought: Since we only need the inversion count after each operation, maybe we can maintain the inversion count directly without tracking the full array. But the number of swaps in an operation is the reduction in inversion count. So if we can compute that reduction for each operation, we just subtract from current inv. So we need to compute, for the current permutation, how many swaps occur in a bubble pass on the first k elements. Is there a formula for that number in terms of some statistic of the permutation? Possibly it equals the number of elements that are not the maximum of their prefix? Not sure.

Let's try to compute the number of swaps in bubble pass on a sequence. An equivalent way: The bubble pass can be implemented by scanning from left to right, and each time we encounter an inversion (a[i] > a[i+1]), we swap and then continue. But note that after swapping, the new pair at (i,i+1) might also be an inversion (with the new a[i] being the smaller). Actually, after swapping, a[i] becomes the smaller, so it's not an inversion. So each swap removes one adjacent inversion at that pair. However, swapping can also create a new adjacent inversion at (i-1,i) if the element that moved left is smaller than its new left neighbor? But since we only moved a smaller element left, it might become adjacent to a larger element to its left, creating a new inversion. For example, in [3,2,4], swap 3 and 2: becomes [2,3,4]. No new inversion at (1,2) because 2<3. But in [4,2,3], swap 4 and 2: becomes [2,4,3], now (2,3) is inversion 4>3, which didn't exist before (since originally (2,3) was 2<3). So a swap can create a new adjacent inversion to the right. But that new inversion will be handled later in the same pass as we continue scanning. So the total number of swaps is not simply the initial number of adjacent inversions.

Thus, we need to simulate the pass to count swaps.

Given the difficulty, maybe there is a known solution for this problem from AtCoder or other contest. Let's search memory: I recall an AtCoder problem "Bubble Sort" with queries non-decreasing A_i. Possibly it's from AtCoder ABC or ARC. The title might be "Bubblesort" or "Operations on Permutation". I think I've seen something similar: "Three Operations" maybe. Alternatively, think about the "inversion number after performing bubble passes on prefixes" - perhaps we can use a BIT to simulate the pass by processing the "bubbling" of each element from its initial position, and we only need to compute the number of swaps per pass, which equals the number of times the "current maximum" changes? Let's try to think about the effect on the multiset of values.

Observation: During a bubble pass on a prefix, the only thing that changes is that the largest element in the prefix moves to the end. But we saw that other elements also move. However, perhaps we can characterize the final array after the pass as: remove the maximum from the prefix, and then insert it at the end, while the other elements are "compressed" leftwards in a certain order? Not exactly: In the example [3,2,4,1], max=4, removing 4 gives [3,2,1], and then we inserted 4 at the end to get [3,2,1,4]? But actual result was [2,3,1,4]. So not that simple.

But notice that the relative order of the non-maximum elements in the result is exactly the order they would have after applying a bubble pass to the prefix excluding the maximum? In this case, the prefix excluding max is [3,2,1]. If we apply a bubble pass on that prefix (length 3), we would get: [3,2,1] -> i=1: 3>2 swap -> [2,3,1]; i=2: 3>1 swap -> [2,1,3]; so result [2,1,3]. Then appending 4 gives [2,1,3,4]. But we got [2,3,1,4]. So not matching. So the process is not recursive.

Maybe we can think in terms of "inversion graph". Another idea: Since the operation is deterministic and we have many queries, we could precompute the effect of each operation k applied to the initial permutation, but the state changes due to earlier operations. However, since the operations are applied in order, the effect of applying operation k after previous operations is the same as applying a certain global transformation to the initial permutation. Could it be that the entire process is equivalent to sorting the permutation by a specific algorithm that only depends on the multiset of A_i? Perhaps the final array after all operations is simply the result of performing "bubble sort" where the number of passes on each position is determined by the count of A_i >= position? For instance, each operation k corresponds to a bubble pass on the first k elements. If we have c_k occurrences of operation k, then the total number of passes on the first k elements is c_k + (number of later operations with larger k?) Actually, whenever we apply operation with larger K, it also passes over the first k elements because it includes them. So the total number of bubble passes that affect the first k elements is the sum over all operations with index i such that A_i >= k. Let f(k) = number of operations with A_i >= k. Then the first k elements are subjected to f(k) bubble passes. Therefore, after processing all operations, the state of the first k elements is the result of applying f(k) bubble passes to the initial prefix of length k? Not exactly because the passes are interleaved with passes on longer prefixes. For instance, when we apply a pass on length K (K>k), it also processes the first k elements, but the order in which passes are applied matters. However, since bubble sort passes are commutative in some sense? Actually, applying a bubble pass on a longer prefix includes the short prefix, and then later applying a pass on a shorter prefix might be affected by earlier longer passes. But note that the order of operations is by increasing k. So we first apply passes on short prefixes, then on longer ones. So the process is not symmetric. But we can think of the effect as: For each element, its final position is determined by how many times it has been "bubbled" by various passes. Since passes only move elements to the right (larger elements move right, smaller elements move left), the net effect is that larger elements end up to the right, smaller to the left.

Perhaps we can compute the number of moves each element makes. Each time a larger element passes over a smaller one, it reduces the inversion count. The total reduction in inversion count after all operations is the total number of such passes. But we need per query.

Another angle: Since M and N are both up to 2e5, the total number of operations is manageable. Maybe we can simulate the process using a data structure that supports "range add" or "segment tree with lazy propagation" to simulate the bubble passes efficiently. For example, consider representing the permutation as a sequence of values. A bubble pass on a prefix can be implemented by a "segment tree that stores the maximum value in each segment" and we can "propagate" the bubble by repeatedly finding the first inversion? Not sure.

Alternatively, we can use a "binary indexed tree of linked lists". Or use a "splay tree" that can split and merge to simulate bubble sort passes. For a single pass, we could process the array with a data structure that allows us to "extract" the maximum and insert it at the end, while "shifting" the rest left. Actually, the bubble pass is equivalent to: take the maximum of the prefix, remove it, and then insert it at the end, after having "shifted" the elements between its original position and the end left by one, BUT also reordering the other elements? In the example [3,2,4,1], the maximum is 4 at position3. If we remove 4, we get [3,2,1] (keeping order). Then we insert 4 at the end? That gives [3,2,1,4], which is not the result. But what if we remove the maximum and then do something else? Maybe we need to consider all records in order.

I recall that bubble sort pass can be implemented with a stack as follows: iterate through the array, maintain a stack of indices where elements are in decreasing order? Suppose we have array a. We want to compute b after pass. We can do: Initialize an empty stack. For each element x from left to right:
- While stack is not empty and a[stack.top] > x: pop the stack and push x? Not exactly.
Actually, consider a known algorithm: The "bubble sort" pass can be seen as "right-to-left merge" of runs. Another known fact: The number of swaps in a bubble sort pass is equal to the number of "inversions" that are "immediate" in the "list of maxima"? Hmm.

Let's try to compute the number of swaps in a pass on a permutation without simulating each swap. For each element, the number of swaps it participates in (as the larger element moving right) is equal to the number of smaller elements to its right that are not separated by any larger element? But we saw that a larger element can only move past a contiguous block of smaller elements until the next larger. So the distance it moves is exactly the length of the run of smaller elements immediately to its right. So if we can compute for each element the length of the run of smaller elements to its right before the next larger element, then the total swaps for that element is that length. And the total swaps in the pass is the sum of these lengths over all elements that are "active" (i.e., that are not themselves passed over by even larger elements? But note that when a larger element moves right, it may "override" the movement of smaller elements? Actually, the movement of a larger element reduces the need to count swaps for the smaller elements? For example, consider [5,3,4,2]. In the pass:
- i=1: 5>3 swap -> [3,5,4,2]
- i=2: 5>4 swap -> [3,4,5,2]
- i=3: 5>2 swap -> [3,4,2,5]
So swaps: 5 moves right by 3 (passes 3,4,2). For element 4 originally at position3: it is smaller than 5, so it is moved left by 1 (from pos3 to pos2) due to the first swap, and then later it gets swapped with 5? Actually, 4 was initially at pos3, after first swap it's at pos2? Wait, after first swap: [3,5,4,2], 4 is at pos3? Actually original: positions:1:5,2:3,3:4,4:2. After first swap (i=1): swap 5 and3 -> [3,5,4,2]; now 3 at pos1, 5 at pos2. i=2: compare pos2 and3: 5>4 swap -> [3,4,5,2]; now 4 at pos2, 5 at pos3. i=3: compare pos3 and4: 5>2 swap -> [3,4,2,5]. So 4 moved from pos3 to pos2 (left) and then to pos3? Actually it ended at pos2. So its net movement is left. And it participated in one swap as the smaller element (when it was swapped left). So its contribution to total swaps is as the smaller element, but we are counting swaps total, which is sum of rightward movements of larger elements. So if we sum the rightward movements of all elements that move right (the ones that are larger than some to their right), we get total swaps. In this case, 5 moved right 3 steps. Other elements (3,4,2) may have moved left, but that's accounted by the rightward moves. So total swaps = sum over elements of (number of smaller elements to its right in the initial array that are not separated by a larger? Actually 5 passed over 3,4,2; all three are smaller than 5, but 4 is larger than 2 but still smaller than 5. So 5 passed over all three because there was no element larger than 5 to block it. So for each element, the number of elements it passes over is exactly the number of elements to its right that are smaller than it, up to the first element larger than it (if any). So if we define for each position i, let r_i be the index of the next larger element to the right (or k+1 if none). Then the number of elements that position i will pass over is (r_i - i - 1) (the count of elements between i and the next larger). But note that this computation assumes that the larger elements themselves do not move, but they do move in the pass (like 5 moved, and then later 4 moved? Actually, 4 is not larger than 5, so it's not a blocker for 5; but for 4, its next larger is 5, which originally is to its left? Wait, for 4 initially at position3, the next larger to its right is ... after position3: 2 is smaller, no larger to right, so next larger is none (end). But during the pass, 5 moves to the right past 4, so 5 ends up to the right of 4. So for 4, its "next larger to the right" changes because 5 comes from the left. So the initial next larger does not account for the fact that larger elements from the left can move right and become blockers. So the simple initial next larger fails because larger elements can move.

However, if we process elements from left to right, the larger elements that are initially to the left will have already moved when we consider smaller ones? In the pass, we process left to right. So when we get to a smaller element, the larger elements from the left have already moved right and may now be to its right. So when we compute the movement of an element, we should consider the current state of the array as it is being modified by earlier larger elements. That suggests that we can simulate the process with a stack that keeps track of "bubbling" elements. This is similar to the algorithm for "stock span" or "next greater element" but with swaps.

Actually, there is a known algorithm to simulate a bubble sort pass in O(N) time using a stack: Start from left to right, maintain a stack of indices of elements that are "still moving". But here we have a permutation, and we need to do multiple passes.

Given the complexity, perhaps we should look for a solution that uses a BIT to count inversions and a "difference array" to compute the number of swaps per operation. Could it be that the number of swaps in operation k equals the number of elements in the first k that are not in their "final positions" relative to the sorted order? Not.

Another thought: The entire process can be modeled as a series of bubble passes on increasing prefixes. This is reminiscent of the binary indexed tree solution to the problem "Number of swaps to sort an array" where you compute inversion count. But here we need per pass.

Maybe we can precompute the number of times each adjacent pair is swapped over the entire sequence of operations. Since the operations are deterministic, could we compute the final permutation after all operations? Then the inversion count after each operation is monotonic decreasing. But we need all intermediate inversion numbers. If we could compute the total number of swaps that happen up to each operation, that would give the inversion number (initial inv minus cumulative swaps). So we need to compute cumulative swaps for each query. So we need to know, for each operation in order, how many swaps it performs. Maybe we can compute the number of swaps in operation k as something like: "the number of elements in the prefix that have a value greater than their expected position after some number of passes"? This is getting too vague.

Let's try a different tactic: Write a brute-force for small N to see patterns in the number of swaps per operation. For example, for N=3, all permutations, apply operations in order given by some sequence of non-decreasing A_i. Maybe we can derive a formula. Let's do a quick mental computation: For permutation [3,2,1]. If we apply ops [2,3,2] as in earlier example, we can compute swaps: op2: 1 swap; op3: 1 swap (3>1? actually initial after op2 is [2,3,1], op3: i=1:2<3 no; i=2:3>1 swap -> 1 swap); op2: after op3 we have [2,1,3], op2: 2>1 swap ->1 swap. Total swaps=3 = initial inversion count (3). So cumulative swaps after each op: 1,2,3. Inv counts: initial inv=3, after op2:2, after op3:1, after op2:0. Hard to see pattern.

Maybe we can think of the process as a "sorting network" where each comparator (i,i+1) is applied a certain number of times. Since we apply operations in order of increasing k, the comparators are applied in a specific order: for each operation k, we apply comparators (1,2), (2,3), ..., (k-1,k) in that order. So the entire sequence of comparators is determined by the list A_i. For example, if A = [2,3,4], we apply comparators: (1,2); then (1,2),(2,3); then (1,2),(2,3),(3,4). So the total order of comparator applications is: (1,2) three times, (2,3) twice, (3,4) once. But note that the order within each operation is left-to-right, and operations are applied in order. So overall, we have a sequence of comparators that is "structured". Now, a comparator (i,i+1) when applied swaps if the left element is larger. This is a simple comparison. The inversion count after all comparisons is the number of inversions remaining. Since we only need the inversion count after each operation (i.e., after a batch of comparators), we could potentially simulate the whole sequence of comparator applications efficiently using a data structure that can process a batch of comparators quickly. But we still have up to M*N comparators in total if we process each individually.

However, note that the comparators are applied in a "pipeline" fashion: For each operation k, we apply a set of comparators that are contiguous from 1 to k-1. This is like we have a ladder. Maybe we can use a segment tree that stores the current values and can "bubble" a prefix in O(log N) time by using a "priority queue" of inversions? Another idea: Use a "binary indexed tree of stacks" to simulate the bubble process.

Consider representing the permutation as a linked list where each element knows its left and right neighbors. A bubble pass can be implemented by traversing from left to right, and whenever we encounter an inversion, we swap nodes. This is O(N) per pass. But could we accelerate this by noting that after a few passes, the array becomes "almost sorted" and the number of inversions drops quickly? In worst case, though, the array could be nearly reverse sorted, and many passes might be needed. But again, we may have up to 2e5 passes, so we need something better.

Perhaps we can use a "balanced binary search tree" that supports split/merge, and we can apply a bubble pass by "extracting" all elements that are "out of order" and reinserting them in sorted order. For a single bubble pass, we could achieve O(N log N) time, which is worse than O(N). So not better.

Given the difficulty, I'm going to search my memory: I think this problem is from AtCoder ABC 237 F? No. Maybe it's from JOI? Let me think of keywords "bubble sort operation on prefix" and "inversion number after each operation". I recall a problem "Bubble Sort" from AtCoder (ARC 118 D?) Not sure. Let me try to search my mind: There is a known technique for "bubble sort" passes using "binary indexed tree" and "sweep line" for each value. Since each element moves right by the number of smaller elements to its right that are not blocked by larger, and these blocks are determined by the index of the nearest larger element to the right. That nearest larger can be computed using a stack. And the movement distance for an element in a given pass is the number of smaller elements between it and the next larger element at the start of that pass. However, as passes proceed, the array changes, but the relative order of elements might maintain some "monotonic" property. Perhaps we can think of the process as: maintain a list of "records" (like the sequence of elements in decreasing order from left to right) and the bubble pass essentially "rotates" them. For example, consider the "next greater element" relationship. In a bubble pass, the larger element moves right, so it is analogous to moving a "peak" to the right. This is similar to the "mountain" representation.

Another perspective: The bubble pass operation on a permutation can be represented as a permutation matrix. The product of these matrices for increasing k might have a simple form. Since the permutation is small (N=2e5), we might compute the entire effect of all operations using a segment tree that stores the permutation as a function. But we need intermediate results.

Let's consider a different approach: Use the concept of "inversion number" can be computed by a BIT if we know the current permutation. If we could efficiently update the BIT to reflect the bubble pass without simulating each swap, we could maintain the inversion count. The bubble pass moves elements around. Is there a way to update the inversion count by only considering the elements that are "active"? Perhaps we can use a Fenwick tree to count "how many elements to the left are greater than the current element", and the bubble pass changes these counts in a predictable way.

Let's denote the current permutation as an array of values v[1..N]. For each position i, define l_i = number of j < i such that v[j] > v[i]. The inversion count is sum l_i. When we perform a bubble pass on prefix of length k, we need to compute the new l_i after the pass. The pass involves swaps at positions where v[i] > v[i+1]. Each swap exchanges the values at i and i+1. This exchange will affect l_i, l_{i+1}, and also l for indices to the left and right because the values move. In general, adjacent swap changes the inversion count by exactly 1 (decreasing it) and also updates the l array locally. So if we could track l_i using a data structure that supports point updates (changing values at two positions) and range queries of inversion counts, we could simulate each swap in O(log N). But we still need to know where swaps occur, and there could be many swaps.

But maybe we can predict where swaps occur based on the values. For a bubble pass, swaps occur exactly at positions where a "decreasing run" exists. In fact, the bubble pass can be seen as: it repeatedly swaps adjacent inversions from left to right. This is like: while there is a descent, swap it and move on. The number of swaps is equal to the number of descents that are "resolved" in this pass, which is less than the total number of inversions. There is a known relationship: The bubble pass's number of swaps is equal to the total number of inversions minus the number of inversions that remain after the pass. So if we could compute the inversion count after the pass directly, we could subtract. So maybe we can compute the inversion count after the pass without simulating the pass. Can we compute the resulting permutation after a bubble pass on a prefix? If we can, then we could use BIT to compute inversion count of the new permutation quickly. So the challenge reduces to: given a permutation and a length k, produce the result of applying a bubble pass on the first k elements.

Now, is there a known algorithm to compute the result of a bubble pass in O(N) time? Yes, we can just scan and swap, O(N). But we need to do it for many passes. However, note that the cumulative length of passes (sum of k over operations) could be O(NM) in worst case if we do O(N) per operation. But maybe the total number of elements that actually change during all operations is O(N log N) due to amortization? Actually, consider that each operation is on a prefix of length k, but the prefix might be partially sorted by previous operations. Could we simulate the passes in a "lazy" manner? For example, we could maintain a data structure that holds the permutation and also keeps track of "inversions" that need to be fixed. Since operations are on increasing prefixes, we could process the array from left to right, maintaining a "bubble" state that is updated as we increase k. For instance, we could maintain a list of "bubbles" (large elements) that are moving right. When we process operation k, we introduce the new element at position k, and then we "bubble" it leftward as far as it can go in this pass (which is at most one step). But then later, when we process operation k+1, this element may be involved again. So actually, the movement of an element is spread over multiple operations. This suggests that we could simulate the process by "inserting" elements one by one from left to right? Because the operations are on prefixes, and the prefix length increases gradually (non-decreasing A_i). So we can think of building the array by adding elements at the right end, and performing some "bubbling" after each insertion. This is analogous to online insertion sort: We insert a new element at the end, and then repeatedly swap it leftward until it is in correct order relative to its left neighbor (since the left prefix is already sorted? But it's not necessarily sorted). However, note that before inserting the new element, the prefix of length k-1 has already undergone some number of bubble passes (depending on how many operations with length >= k-1 have been applied). So its state is not necessarily sorted; it is "partially sorted". But we can view each operation as: we first "insert" the new element at the end (since operation k includes the new element for the first time), then we perform a bubble pass on the whole prefix (which includes the new element). The bubble pass is essentially a single left-to-right scan that swaps adjacent inversions. This is similar to "inserting" the new element and then performing a "bubble" that could move it left multiple steps? Wait, in a bubble pass, the new element can only move left at most one step because it is only involved in the last comparison. So it cannot move multiple steps left in a single pass. Therefore, the leftward movement of an element is limited to one step per operation. So an element might take many operations to move left to its correct position. That is similar to bubble sort: it takes many passes to move a small element to the left. So the process essentially simulates bubble sort where each pass only goes up to the current k, and k increases gradually. So we might be able to compute the total number of leftward moves for each element over the whole process by counting how many operations it experiences while it is in the prefix. Since each operation moves an element left by at most 1 (and only if it is smaller than the element to its left), we could track the "distance" an element needs to travel. This is reminiscent of "inversion counting" where each inversion is resolved by exactly one swap at some point. In bubble sort, each inversion is resolved exactly once, and that resolution occurs in some pass. The total number of swaps is the inversion number. So the cumulative swaps after all operations up to some point is the number of inversions resolved so far. So if we could determine for each inversion when it gets resolved, we could accumulate the count. The resolution of an inversion (i,j) with i<j and P_i>P_j happens when the larger element (P_i) moves right past the smaller element (P_j). In bubble sort, each such inversion is resolved in exactly one swap, which occurs when the two elements become adjacent and the larger is on the left. The time at which this happens depends on the number of other inversions. But perhaps we can map each inversion to the operation during which its resolving swap occurs. Given that operations are on prefixes of increasing length, we might be able to compute the "first time" a given inversion can be resolved. For an element pair (i,j) with i<j and P_i>P_j, the larger element P_i is to the left. In bubble sort, P_i will move right one step per pass (when it is larger than the next). So it will take (j-i) passes to reach the position of P_j, and during that process, it will swap with each intermediate element. The swap with P_j specifically will occur when they become adjacent, which is after P_i has moved right by (j-i-1) steps, and then the comparison happens. That is, after (j-i-1) passes, P_i will be at position j-1, and then on the next pass, it will compare with P_j at position j. So the inversion is resolved on the (j-i)-th pass that includes both positions. However, this is under the assumption that passes are on the full array and that no other elements interfere. In our setting, passes are on prefixes that may not include the full array initially. But as k increases, eventually the prefix includes both positions. So the first operation that has k >= j will include both positions. However, the number of passes needed from that point onward for the inversion to be resolved depends on how many other larger elements are between them? Actually, the standard analysis for bubble sort: For an element at initial position i with value v, the number of passes needed for it to reach its final sorted position is equal to the number of smaller elements to its right (its inversion count). But that's for full sorting. Here we are only doing passes on prefixes, and the passes are not on the full array until maybe later. So the process is more complicated because the prefix grows.

Maybe we can think of each element's "bubble" path as it moves right. Each time an operation with given k is performed, any element that is at position p <= k-1 can potentially move right if it is larger than its right neighbor. So the number of times an element moves right is the number of times it is the larger in a comparison. Over the entire process, an element's total rightward movement is exactly the number of smaller elements to its right that are eventually "passed". But we need the distribution per operation.

Given the time, perhaps we should look for a solution using a Fenwick tree and a "queue" of indices where inversions exist, somewhat like the "bubble sort simulation using a list of candiate indices". Since each swap can create new adjacent inversions only at the swapped pair (the left element might now be smaller than new left neighbor). Actually, when we swap a[i] and a[i+1] with a[i] > a[i+1], after swapping, the new a[i] (which is the smaller) may be less than a[i-1] (if exists), creating a new inversion at (i-1,i). So the bubble sort can be simulated by maintaining a queue of indices that are "active" (i.e., where an inversion may be present). Standard algorithm: Start with all indices i where a[i] > a[i+1] in the queue. Then while queue not empty, pop an index i, swap a[i] and a[i+1], then add i-1 and i+1 to queue (since those positions may now be out of order). This algorithm simulates the entire bubble sort process in O(N + S log N) where S is number of swaps, using a set or queue. The swaps are performed one by one. For our problem, we need to perform a sequence of passes, not the entire sort. However, we can adapt: For each operation k, we only want to perform swaps that occur during that pass. In the standard algorithm for a single pass, we could just scan left to right and swap, which is O(k). But if we use the queue approach, we might be able to process multiple passes together? Since the queue contains all positions that are currently out of order, but when we do a scan from left to right, the order of processing matters. However, for a single pass, we only want to consider swaps that happen when scanning left to right, which is a specific order. In the queue method, if we always process the smallest index first, we get a specific order that simulates a bubble pass? Actually, if we always process indices in increasing order from left to right, and for each index we swap if needed, and then continue, that is exactly the bubble pass. So we can simulate a pass by iterating i from 1 to k-1 and swapping if a[i] > a[i+1]. That's O(k). So not helping.

But perhaps we can use the fact that after many passes, the array becomes more sorted, and the number of swaps per pass decreases quickly. In the worst case, starting from a reverse sorted array of size N, the first full pass does N-1 swaps, the second does N-2, etc. So total swaps over N passes is O(N^2). If we have M=2e5 passes, we could have huge swaps. However, note that A_i are non-decreasing, so we could have many passes on the same k, e.g., many passes on the full array. In that case, the total number of swaps across all passes could be O(N^2) indeed. So we cannot simulate each swap individually.

Therefore, we need a more global method.

Maybe the problem is designed such that the total number of swaps over all operations is O(N log N) or O(N sqrt N) due to the non-decreasing condition? Let's test with worst-case scenario: N=2e5, A_i = N for all i=1..M=2e5. So we perform 200000 passes on the full array. Starting from a reverse sorted permutation, each pass does many swaps. The number of swaps in the t-th pass on a reverse sorted array is N-t (if passes counted from 1). So after 2e5 passes, the array would be sorted long before (after N-1 passes). So after the array becomes sorted, no more swaps occur. So the total number of swaps is at most the inversion count, which is O(N^2) ≈ 2e10, which is too large to simulate one by one, but we might not need to simulate each swap if we can compute the cumulative swaps in batches. For a reverse sorted array, after t passes, the array is the result of t passes of bubble sort: the first t largest elements are at the end in sorted order, and the remaining are reversed. Inversion number after t passes is n(n-1)/2 - t*n + t(t+1)/2? Actually, for reverse sorted of size n, inversion count is n(n-1)/2. After one pass, the largest moves to end, inversion count becomes n(n-1)/2 - (n-1) = (n-2)(n-1)/2. After two passes, becomes (n-3)(n-2)/2, etc. So after t passes (t <= n-1), inversion count = (n-t-1)*(n-t)/2. So number of swaps in pass t is exactly the reduction, which is (n-t). So we can compute the reduction easily for reverse sorted case. For a general permutation, the effect of multiple passes might be more complex, but perhaps we can still compute the reduction per pass using some structure like a "binary indexed tree on values" to simulate the bubble sort process in O(N log N) total, independent of number of passes. There is a known algorithm to "simulate bubble sort" efficiently using a BIT and a priority queue: For each element, we can compute the number of passes it takes to reach its position. In bubble sort, the number of passes an element v needs to be "settled" is the number of smaller elements to its right (its inversion count). That is a classic result: In bubble sort, the element with the maximum inversion count requires that many passes to reach its final position. More precisely, after t passes, the last t elements are in their final sorted positions. So we can simulate bubble sort in O(N log N) by just computing the number of passes needed for each element, and then we can know the state after any number of passes. That is standard: In bubble sort, after k passes, the last k elements are sorted and in their correct positions. So we can compute the final array after k passes by: for each element, its position after k passes is something like: It moves right by the number of smaller elements to its right, but limited by k. Actually, in bubble sort, an element will move right by one position each pass if there is a smaller element to its right. After k passes, it will have moved right by min(k, number of smaller elements to its right) positions. So its final position is its original position plus min(k, #smaller_to_right). And the array after k passes can be determined by this movement. However, this holds only for bubble sort on the entire array, where each pass is full (k=N). Here we have passes on prefixes of varying lengths, not always full. So the standard result does not directly apply.

But maybe we can extend the idea: Since the operations are on increasing prefixes, it's like we are applying bubble sort on the whole array but only the first pass is on a small prefix, second pass on a slightly larger prefix, etc. This is not the same as full passes; the effect is that elements near the left get more "attention", while elements near the right get fewer passes. So we could consider for each element, the number of passes it experiences (i.e., the number of operations where the prefix includes its current position). That number is not constant; it depends on the sequence.

But we can compute for each element how many times it is involved in a pass. Let's define for each position p (1-indexed), the number of operations t_p such that A_i >= p. Then the element that starts at position p (original position) will be subject to t_p passes (since passes with length >= p include it). However, its position changes over time, so the actual number of passes it experiences may be different because it might move to a different position. But its movement is to the right, so it may be included in even more passes later because its new position is larger. So it gets more passes. So the number of passes it experiences is actually the number of operations with length >= its current position at the time of operation. That is hard to precompute.

Given the difficulty, perhaps there is a known solution using a Fenwick tree and a stack to simulate the "bubble" process in O(N log N) total across all operations. Let's try to design such a solution.

We have the operations in order. We want to maintain the current permutation. Each operation k performs a bubble pass on the first k elements. Notice that this pass is exactly the same as: for i from 1 to k-1, if P_i > P_{i+1}, swap. So we can think of it as "applying a permutation" to the prefix. Could we precompute the effect of this permutation as a composition of swaps? The overall effect of all operations up to a certain point is some permutation that is applied to the initial permutation. Since N is 2e5, we could potentially compute the composite permutation if it is "simple" (like, it's a product of many transpositions but maybe we can represent it via a data structure that supports "move to right" operations). For example, each bubble pass can be described as: for each element, its final position relative to the initial prefix is given by its value's "rank" in the prefix? Actually, the bubble pass sorts the prefix? No, it doesn't sort completely. But after one pass, the largest is at the end, and the other elements are "shifted" in a certain way. Perhaps we can represent the effect using a "path" of each element as it moves right. Since the operations are deterministic and we need to answer many queries, maybe we can simulate the process by "online" updating a data structure that records for each value its current position. Initially, we know positions of values. A bubble pass on prefix of length k can be simulated by scanning values in increasing order? Because the bubble pass moves larger values to the right. So we could process values from largest to smallest, and for each value, we determine how many times it moves right during the current pass. Since the pass only moves a value right when it is larger than the next element, and passes over smaller values, this is like: For a given value v, its rightward movement in this pass equals the number of smaller values to its right that are "available" (i.e., have not been passed by even larger values in this pass). And since we process from largest to smallest, we can maintain a data structure that tracks which positions are "occupied".

Consider the current permutation. For a pass on prefix of length k, we can compute the resulting permutation as follows: 
- Let S be the set of positions 1..k.
- For each value from N down to 1, if it is in S, we want to move it to the rightmost possible position within S that is still empty, but only moving past smaller values? That sounds like we are "greedily" placing the largest elements as far right as possible. This is reminiscent of the "bubble sort" actually: after a bubble pass, the largest element goes to the end, the second largest goes to the position just before the end, but only if there are no larger elements blocking? In a single pass, the second largest does not necessarily go to the second last position. However, if we consider multiple passes, eventually they do.

Maybe we can think of bubble sort as "each element moves right by the number of smaller elements to its right, but only one per pass". So after t passes, each element's displacement is min(t, #smaller_right). So if we know the number of passes an element experiences, we can compute its final position. In our problem, the number of passes each element experiences depends on the operations, but we could compute it as we go.

Let's try a different angle: Since the operations are non-decreasing, we can process them in order and maintain a "sorted list" of the first k elements. Wait, after many passes on the same prefix, the prefix becomes sorted. So if we have many operations with the same k, eventually the first k elements become sorted. Once they are sorted, further operations on that k will do nothing (since no adjacent inversion). So we can treat each distinct k separately: we can apply operation k repeatedly until either the prefix is sorted or we run out of operations. Since A_i is non-decreasing, we will have a contiguous block of operations with the same k (possibly). We can process each block together.

Thus, we can group operations by k. For each k, we have a count c_k (number of times operation k is performed). Then we need to apply c_k bubble passes on the first k elements. We need to compute the inversion count after each individual operation, but since the result after each pass (within the same k) is monotonic, we could output the inversion count after each pass if we can compute the inversion counts after 1,2,...,c_k passes quickly. For a given permutation of size k (the current prefix), applying multiple bubble passes will eventually sort it. The number of passes needed to sort a permutation of size k is equal to the maximum number of smaller elements to the right of any element (the "inversion depth")? Actually, the number of passes required to fully sort a permutation is equal to the length of the longest decreasing subsequence? Not exactly. In bubble sort, the number of passes required is the maximum number of inversions any element has, because an element moves right one step per pass if it has any smaller element to its right. So for each element, let d_i be the number of smaller elements to its right. Then after t passes, the element will have moved right by min(t, d_i) positions. So to fully sort, we need t >= max(d_i). So the number of passes needed is the maximum d_i. Moreover, after each pass, we can compute the new inversion count efficiently if we know the d_i distribution. However, this is for the entire array, but we only care about the prefix of length k. Moreover, we are applying passes only to the prefix, not to the whole array (positions > k are unaffected). So within the prefix, we can treat it as an independent sequence, because the passes don't affect elements beyond k, and the elements within the prefix don't interact with those beyond during the pass (since comparisons stop at k). So for each k, the prefix is considered as its own permutation. So when we have multiple operations with the same k, they are consecutive, so we can analyze the prefix sequence alone. After each such operation, the inversion number of the whole array changes only due to changes in the prefix (since suffix unchanged). So we can compute inversion count of prefix separately and add the inversion count of suffix (which is unaffected). So we can treat the problem as processing the array from left to right, building the prefix, and performing multiple bubble passes on it. Since the suffix inversion count with respect to itself is constant, but note that there may be inversions crossing the boundary: between prefix and suffix. The inversion count of the whole array includes pairs (i,j) with i in prefix and j in suffix. As we change the prefix, these cross inversions can change because the values in prefix may move around. When we apply bubble passes on the prefix, the values in prefix change positions, but the set of values in the prefix is unchanged (since swapping within prefix). So the multiset of values in prefix remains the same. Therefore, the number of inversions between prefix and suffix depends only on the multiset of values in the prefix, not on their order, because for a fixed set of values in prefix, the number of (i in prefix, j in suffix) with P_i > P_j is simply sum over each value v in prefix of (number of suffix values less than v). This is independent of the order of values in the prefix. So cross inversions are invariant under swaps within the prefix! Indeed, since we are only permuting the values within the prefix, the number of cross inversions remains the same. Therefore, when we apply bubble passes on the prefix, the change in total inversion count is exactly the change in inversion count within the prefix. So we can focus solely on the prefix.

Thus, the problem reduces to: We have an initial permutation of size N. We process queries in order of non-decreasing k. For each k, we perform a certain number (c_k) of bubble passes on the prefix of length k. We need to output the total inversion count after each pass, considering the whole array. Since cross inversions are invariant under permutation of the prefix, we can precompute the total inversion count of the whole array initially, and then maintain the inversion count of the current prefix as we apply passes. For each operation, the reduction in total inversion count equals the reduction in prefix inversion count.

So now we have a sequence of prefixes of increasing length, and we need to apply a number of bubble passes to each prefix. The prefix length increases over time, but note that when we move to a larger k, the new element at position k (the one added to the prefix) has not been in the prefix before, so we need to incorporate it. However, its inclusion also affects the inversion count of the whole array: we need to add its inversions with the existing prefix (which are cross inversions? Actually, now the prefix includes it, so its inversions with elements to its left (which were previously cross inversions now become within-prefix inversions) and with elements to its right (now within-suffix? Wait, when k increases, the prefix becomes larger, so the new element at position k becomes part of the prefix. Its inversions with previous prefix (positions < k) become within-prefix inversions. Its inversions with suffix (positions > k) remain cross inversions but now the boundary shifts. So we need to handle the incorporation of the new element.

Overall, the process can be done incrementally: Start with an empty prefix. For each distinct k from 2 to N (in increasing order), we will have some number of operations at this k. We will:
- Add the new element at position k (the original P_k) to the prefix (since previous operations had length < k). But note that the permutation may have changed due to previous operations? Actually, the element initially at position k is the original P_k only if it hasn't been moved by earlier operations. But earlier operations only affected positions up to k-1, so position k has never been swapped. So the element at position k is indeed the original P_k. So we can treat it as a new element added to the end of the prefix.
- Then we need to apply c_k bubble passes on the current prefix (which now has size k). The current prefix is a permutation of some set of values (the ones originally in positions 1..k). The inversion count within the prefix after each pass can be updated.

Thus, we can maintain a data structure that represents the current prefix permutation as a list, and supports applying multiple bubble passes. Since the number of passes can be large (up to 2e5), we need to do this efficiently.

Now we have a simpler subproblem: Given a permutation of size k (in an array), we want to apply t bubble passes (full passes over the whole array of length k) and compute the inversion count after each of the t passes, or at least the cumulative reduction. Since we also need the inversion count after each individual operation (not just after the block), we need to output the inversion count after each pass, which means we need the inversion count after each of the t passes. However, we can compute the inversion count after each pass if we can simulate the process quickly. Since t could be up to 2e5, but k is up to 2e5, we need an O(k + t) or O((k+t) log k) algorithm for each block? The total k across all blocks is N (since each element is added once) and total t is M (since each operation is a pass). So overall we need an O((N+M) log N) algorithm.

So we need to be able to take an array of size k (the current prefix) and apply t passes, producing after each pass the inversion count. This is like simulating bubble sort with a given number of passes. And we need to do this for increasing k, where each time we add a new element at the end.

Can we simulate multiple passes efficiently using a BIT and precomputed information? Let's think about the effect of bubble sort on a permutation. Known fact: After t passes, the last t elements are the t largest elements in sorted order, and the first k-t elements are the original (k-t) smallest, but not necessarily in order; they are in the order they would be after t passes of bubble sort on the first k-t? Actually, in bubble sort, after t passes, the array has the property that the largest t elements are at the end and are sorted. This is true for any permutation. So after t passes on an array of size k, the last t positions contain the t largest elements in increasing order. The left part (positions 1 to k-t) is what remains after removing those t largest elements, and it is the result of applying t passes of bubble sort to the original sequence with those largest elements removed? In fact, the bubble sort process is "stable" in that the relative order of the remaining elements is the same as if you removed the largest elements and applied bubble sort on the rest? Actually, because larger elements bubble to the right, they "pass through" the smaller ones, but the smaller ones maintain their relative order. Yes, in bubble sort, the relative order of elements that are not among the largest t remains unchanged except that they are shifted left by the number of larger elements that have passed them. More precisely, if you consider the multiset of values that are not among the t largest, their relative order in the final array after t passes is the same as their relative order in the original array (since when two small elements are compared, they are never swapped because they are both smaller than the bubbling larger ones? Actually, two small elements could be swapped if the left one is larger than the right one. For example, [3,2,4] with one pass: 3 and 2 swap, so relative order of 3 and 2 changes. So small elements can change order due to bubbles. So it's not that simple.

But the known fact is: In bubble sort, after t passes, the last t elements are sorted and contain the t largest elements. The first k-t elements are the remaining elements, and they are in the same relative order as in the original sequence but after removing the t largest? No, the order of the remaining elements is not necessarily the same as original; they have been "bubbled" as well. However, there is a known property: The number of passes each element needs to be "settled" is the number of smaller elements to its right. So after t passes, an element's displacement is min(t, #smaller_right). So we can compute the new position of each element after t passes if we know the number of smaller elements to its right. That gives us the final permutation after t passes, but we also need intermediate inversion counts.

Given that we only need the inversion count after each pass, and not the full permutation, maybe we can compute the inversion count after t passes directly using the distance each element moves. The total number of swaps up to t passes is sum over elements of min(t, d_i). Because each element moves right min(t, d_i) steps, and each step corresponds to one swap (where it is the larger element). So the total number of swaps after t passes is sum_i min(t, d_i). Then the inversion count after t passes is initial inversion count minus sum_i min(t, d_i). This is a standard fact for bubble sort on the full array. Let's verify: For reverse sorted array of size n, d_i for element at position i (value n+1-i) is (n-i) (since all to its right are smaller). So sum_i min(t, d_i) = sum_{i=1}^{n} min(t, n-i). For t<=n, this equals t(n - t) + sum_{i=1}^{t} something? Actually, compute: For i=1..n, d_i = n-i. For t<=n, min(t, d_i) = t for i such that n-i >= t, i <= n-t; and = n-i for i > n-t. So sum = t*(n-t) + sum_{j=0}^{t-1} j = t(n-t) + t(t-1)/2 = t*n - t^2 + t(t-1)/2 = t*n - t(t+1)/2. That is exactly the reduction in inversion count after t passes (since initial inv = n(n-1)/2, after t passes inv = (n-t)(n-t-1)/2, difference = t*n - t(t+1)/2). So it matches. So the formula holds for bubble sort on a full array.

Thus, for a given sequence (the prefix), if we know for each element its d_i = number of smaller elements to its right in the current sequence, then after t bubble passes, the total reduction in inversion count is sum_i min(t, d_i). This is key! Note: This holds when we apply t consecutive bubble passes to the entire sequence, and the d_i are computed from the initial state before the passes. Because during the passes, d_i changes, but the total number of swaps is exactly sum_i min(t, d_i). This is a known result: In bubble sort, each element moves right exactly min(t, d_i) positions, where d_i is the number of smaller elements to its right initially. Therefore, the reduction is sum min(t, d_i). So we can compute it quickly if we know all d_i. Moreover, after these t passes, the inversion count is initial inv - sum min(t, d_i). So we can compute the inversion count after any number of passes without simulating the passes.

Therefore, for our subproblem: Given the current prefix of size k (which is a permutation of some values), we have its initial inversion count inv_prefix. We want to apply c_k passes. The reduction after each pass is not constant, but we can compute the cumulative reduction after t passes as sum_i min(t, d_i). So we need to output the inversion count after each individual pass, i.e., after 1,2,...,c_k passes. This means we need to compute S(t) = sum_i min(t, d_i) for t=1..c_k. Then after t passes, inv after t passes = inv_initial - S(t). So we can compute S(t) for t=1..c_k if we have the multiset of d_i values. Since c_k can be up to 2e5, and the total number of distinct k is up to N, we need to be able to compute S(t) quickly.

We have the array of d_i values for the current prefix. As we add a new element (when k increases), we need to update the d_i values for existing elements and also compute d for the new element. This is reminiscent of computing inversion counts using BIT. Actually, d_i for the prefix can be computed if we know the permutation of the prefix. Since the prefix is built incrementally (adding one element at the end), we can maintain a BIT over values to compute for each new element how many smaller elements to its right (which is 0 initially because it's at the end, but wait: When we add a new element at the end, for the existing elements, does their d_i change? d_i is defined as number of smaller elements to the right within the current permutation. When we add a new element at the end, the "right side" of existing elements gains a new element. So for each existing element, its d_i increases by 1 if the new element is smaller than it. So we can update d_i values accordingly. So we need a data structure that maintains d_i for each position and supports: adding a new element at the end, and querying sum of min(t, d_i) for t up to some maximum. Additionally, we need to output the inversion count after each pass, meaning we need S(t) for each t, which we can compute if we know the multiset of d_i.

We can maintain a frequency array of d_i values. The d_i values can range from 0 to k-1. Since we are adding a new element, we update frequencies: for each existing element with value greater than the new element, its d_i increases by 1; for the new element, its d_i is the number of existing elements smaller than it (i.e., the number of smaller elements to its right, which is 0 because it's at the end; but wait, it has no elements to its right within the prefix, so d_new = 0). So we need to support: given a new value x, we need to increment d_i for all existing elements that have value > x. That is, we need to increase the d_i of all elements with value in range (x+1, N] by 1. This is a range update on the d_i values based on the element's value, not its position. But we need to maintain the d_i values individually, because we will later query the distribution of d_i. This suggests we need a data structure that can "add 1" to a subset of d_i (those associated with values > x). Since values are unique, we can treat each value as having a current d (its number of smaller elements to the right). So we have an array D[value] = d for the element with that value. Initially, for the first element added (k=1), its d=0. When we add a new element with value v, we need to increment D[u] by 1 for all u > v (since these values are to the left and have a new smaller element to their right). Also, we set D[v] = number of existing values smaller than v (i.e., count of u < v that are already present). This is because when we add v at the end, the number of smaller elements to its right is 0 (since it's at the end), but its d in the prefix is the number of smaller elements to its right? Actually, d_i is defined as the number of smaller elements to the right of the element in the current permutation. For the new element at the end, it has no elements to its right, so d=0. However, note that after we increment D[u] for u>v, the d values for those u increase because they now have a new smaller element to their right (the new element v). So that's correct. So we can maintain an array D indexed by value, where D[value] = current d_i for that value (i.e., number of smaller elements to its right in the current prefix). The prefix itself is a sequence where we maintain the order of values as they were added (but the order is important for determining d_i? Actually, d_i depends on the positions, but if we only track per value, we need to know the relative order. When we add a new value at the end, its position is the last, and all existing values are to its left. So the number of smaller elements to the right for the new value is 0. For an existing value u, its number of smaller elements to the right increases by 1 if and only if v < u (since v is added to the right and is smaller than u). So that update rule holds regardless of the positions of other values, because the new element is always at the end. So we can maintain D[value] accurately using a data structure that supports range add (add 1 to all values > v) and point query/set for the new value. Also, we need to maintain a multiset of D values to be able to compute S(t)=sum min(t, D[value]) for t=1..c_k. So we need a data structure that supports:
- For a new value v: range add +1 to all D values with value index > v, and set D[v]=0 (or compute its initial d as number of existing values smaller than v, which is the count of u < v already present; those u are to the left and smaller, so they don't affect D[v]? Wait, D[v] should be number of smaller elements to its right, which is 0. But we also need to know the number of smaller elements to its left? That's not needed for D. So D[v]=0 initially. However, note that later when we add new elements after v, D[v] will be incremented if we add a smaller element to its right. So that range add will handle it.
- For each pass count t, we need to compute S(t)=sum over all values u in current prefix of min(t, D[u]). This sum can be computed if we know the frequency distribution of D values. Specifically, let cnt[d] = number of values with D = d. Then S(t) = sum_{d} cnt[d] * min(t, d) = t * (total elements - number of elements with d >= t?) Actually, we can compute S(t) = sum_{d=0}^{t-1} cnt[d]*d + t * sum_{d=t}^{max} cnt[d]. So we need to be able to compute prefix sums of cnt and weighted sums. Since t can be up to c_k (which could be large), but the maximum D is at most k-1 (since each element can have at most k-1 smaller elements to its right). We can maintain a Fenwick tree over D values (0..k-1) to store cnt and also a BIT for sum of D values (or use one BIT that stores cnt and another for sum). Then S(t) can be computed as: total_sum_D - sum_{d>=t} (d - t)*cnt[d]? Actually, S(t) = total_sum_D - sum_{d>=t} (d - t)*cnt[d]. That might be easier: total_sum_D is the total number of inversions within the prefix (since inversion count = sum D). Then reduction after t passes is S(t) = sum min(t, D). So we can compute total_sum_D, and then subtract sum_{d>=t} (d-t)*cnt[d]. So we need to be able to compute, for a given t, the sum over d>=t of (d-t)*cnt[d]. That is like: let cum_cnt[t] = number of D >= t, and cum_sum[t] = sum of D for D >= t. Then S(t) = total_sum_D - (cum_sum[t] - t*cum_cnt[t]). So we need to query cum_cnt(t) and cum_sum(t) for each t. Since t ranges up to c_k, which could be up to 2e5, and we need to do this for each pass (i.e., for each t from 1 to c_k), we could compute S(t) for all t in O(max_D) or O(c_k) by iterating, but we have many blocks. However, we can compute the reduction after each pass more directly: The reduction in the t-th pass (the number of swaps in that pass) is S(t)-S(t-1) = number of elements with D >= t (because those contribute 1 more to min(t, D) than min(t-1, D)). Indeed, min(t, D) - min(t-1, D) = 1 if D >= t, else 0. So the number of swaps in the t-th pass is exactly the number of elements with d_i >= t. So we have a very nice result: In a bubble sort algorithm, the number of swaps in the t-th pass is equal to the number of elements that have at least t smaller elements to their right. In other words, if we define the "inversion depth" distribution, the pass counts are given by the prefix sums of that distribution. This is a known fact: In bubble sort, the number of swaps in pass t is the number of elements that have inversion count at least t.

Therefore, to simulate many passes, we can simply compute the multiset of d_i values (inversion counts for each element). Then the number of swaps in pass t is cnt_ge[t] = number of elements with d_i >= t. The cumulative swaps after t passes is sum_{s=1}^t cnt_ge[s]. So the inversion count after t passes is initial_inv - sum_{s=1}^t cnt_ge[s]. This is exactly S(t). So we just need to know the distribution of d_i.

Thus, our plan: As we build the prefix by adding elements at the end, we maintain a frequency array (or BIT) over D values (0..k-1) for all elements currently in the prefix. We also maintain total inversion count of the prefix (total_sum_D). When we need to apply c_k passes on the current prefix (i.e., for block of operations with same k), we can compute the number of swaps in each pass t=1..c_k using the current distribution of D. Then we output the inversion count after each pass (starting from the current inversion count of the whole array). But note that we need to output after each operation, and operations are not necessarily only passes on the same prefix consecutively? Actually, we group by k, so we apply c_k passes consecutively. So we can compute for t=1..c_k, the new inversion count = current_inv - cnt_ge[t] (where current_inv is the inversion count before the first pass of this block). However, we also need to update the D values after each pass? Wait, the formula for number of swaps in pass t uses the d_i values at the start of that pass. But as we apply passes, the d_i values change: after each pass, the number of smaller elements to the right for each element decreases (since some inversions are resolved). However, the formula cnt_ge[t] uses the d_i from the beginning of the entire block (i.e., before any passes) when applied to the t-th pass? Is that correct? In the derivation, we said that the number of swaps in the t-th pass (starting from the original state) is equal to the number of elements with d_i >= t, where d_i are computed from the initial state. This is true only if we consider passes starting from the initial state. After the first pass, the d_i values change: elements that had d_i >=1 now have d_i decreased by 1 (because they have moved right by 1, so one smaller element is now to their left? Actually, after a bubble pass, an element's number of smaller elements to its right decreases by 1 if it moved right, because it passed over one smaller element. In fact, after each pass, each element's d_i reduces by exactly 1 if it was greater than 0, because it always moves right exactly one step if it has any smaller to its right? In bubble sort, during a pass, an element moves right by one step if it has at least one smaller element to its right. So after the pass, its new d_i is max(0, old d_i - 1). Because it passed over one smaller element (the one immediately to its right), and now that element is to its left, so the count of smaller elements to its right decreases by exactly 1. Also, elements that did not move (because they had no smaller to the right) have d_i=0 and remain 0. So after each pass, the d_i values all decrease by 1 (clamped to 0). Therefore, the set of d_i evolves in a simple way: if we let d_i^(0) be the initial d_i, then after t passes, d_i^(t) = max(0, d_i^(0) - t). This is consistent with the earlier displacement formula. So the number of swaps in the t-th pass is the number of elements with d_i^(t-1) > 0, which is exactly the number of elements with d_i^(0) >= t. So indeed, the pass counts are determined solely by the initial distribution of d_i. Therefore, we can compute the entire sequence of swaps in the block using only the initial d_i distribution. So we don't need to update the d_i values during the block; we just compute the pass counts from the distribution. After the block, the d_i values become d_i' = max(0, d_i - c_k). So we need to update our data structure to reflect this change: we need to reduce all D values by c_k (with a floor at 0). That is a subtract operation on the multiset. This can be done by shifting the frequency array by c_k. Since c_k can be large, we can maintain a global offset that is applied to all D values. Instead of storing actual D values, we can store them relative to a base. For example, we store D' = D - offset, but D can be 0 so we need to handle clipping. Another approach: Since we only need to compute the counts for t up to c_k, and after the block we will reduce all D by c_k, we can simply keep track of a global subtract value. Specifically, we maintain the frequencies of the "original" D values (before any passes). But after each block, we effectively subtract c_k from all D values (capped at 0). So we can maintain an array freq representing the number of elements with current D value (which may be decreased by prior offsets). To apply a subtraction of s, we can shift the array: new_freq[d] = old_freq[d+s] for d>=0, and sum of old_freq[0..s-1] becomes new_freq[0]. So we can maintain the frequency distribution with a Fenwick tree that supports range queries, but shifting is tricky. However, we can maintain a global variable "base" that indicates the amount by which all D values have been decreased from their original computed values. Actually, we started with D values from the initial state of the prefix (when the prefix was first constructed). Then as we apply passes, we decrease D values. So we can keep D as the "original" values from the time the prefix was created, and keep a global offset of how many passes have been applied to this prefix. Then for any query, we need counts of D - offset >= t, i.e., D >= offset + t. So we can maintain a BIT over D (original values) and use offset to adjust the query thresholds. Also, when we add a new element to the prefix (when k increases), we need to incorporate its initial D value (which is 0 at that time) and also update the D values of existing elements due to the new element (the range add +1 operation). So we need to support range add on the original D values. This is getting complex but manageable if we use a Fenwick tree that supports range add and point query? We actually need to maintain the multiset of original D values (which can be updated via range increments). We can use a Fenwick tree over the value domain (1..N) to store D values? Another idea: Since we only care about the distribution of D values, and D values are integers between 0 and k-1, we can maintain an array cnt[d] of size N (max 2e5) that counts how many elements have D = d. When we add a new element with value v, we need to increment D for all existing elements with value > v by 1. That is, we need to shift the D values of those elements: their D increases by 1. So we need to move the counts from one bucket to the next for those elements. This is like: for each u > v, cnt[D[u]]-- and cnt[D[u]+1]++. Performing this individually for each u would be O(N) per addition. We need to do it efficiently. However, we can use a data structure that supports "increment all D values of elements whose value is in a range". But we have the mapping from value to D. So we can maintain a data structure that, given a value range, increments the D of all elements with value in that range by 1. This is a "range increment on a set of points" where each point is associated with a value (the original value) and the current D. We can represent this using a Fenwick tree that stores for each value its current D. Then range add (increment D for all values > v) can be done by a range update on the Fenwick tree if the tree supports range add and point query. But we also need to maintain the distribution of D values. We could use a BIT over the value domain that stores D values, and then use another structure to maintain the frequency distribution of D. The frequency distribution can be updated by taking each value's D change into account. Since we have to do this for each addition (there are N additions total), and each addition triggers a range add over values > v, which could be O(N) if done naively. We need a more efficient approach.

Observe that the operation "increment D for all values > v" is exactly adding 1 to the D of all elements whose value is greater than v. Since values are from 1 to N, we can think of maintaining D as an array indexed by value. Then incremental updates: when we add a new element with value v, we do:
- For all u > v: D[u] += 1.
- Set D[v] = 0 (initially).
This is a range add on suffix (v+1..N) of the array D. So we need a data structure that supports range add and also the ability to query the distribution of D values. After each addition, we also need to know the distribution to prepare for pass queries. But we don't need the exact D for each value individually after each addition; we only need the frequency distribution of D. We could maintain a Fenwick tree over the value domain that stores D values, and also maintain a separate frequency array for D. When we do a range add, we need to update the frequency array for each element whose D changes. This is challenging because we need to know the current D of each element in the range to decrement and increment the frequency accordingly. However, if we use a difference array or a BIT that supports "range add" and "point query", we can query the current D for a specific value when needed. But to update the frequency distribution, we would need to process each element individually, which is O(N) per addition. That seems too heavy.

But note that we add elements one by one, and each addition increments D for a suffix of values. The total number of increments across all additions could be O(N^2) in worst case (e.g., if we add elements in increasing order, each time we increment a large suffix, leading to O(N^2) total increments). So we cannot afford that.

We need a more clever insight. Maybe we don't need to maintain the full distribution of D explicitly. Since we only need to answer queries for each block, we might be able to compute the pass counts directly from some other property. For example, the number of elements with D >= t is exactly the number of inversions that take at least t passes to resolve. There might be a way to compute this using a BIT on the permutation itself.

Let's try to understand the relation between D and the permutation. D[i] for the element at position i (in the current prefix) is the number of smaller elements to its right. This is essentially the "inversion count" of that element. The distribution of D values can be computed from the permutation itself. When we add a new element at the end, we need to compute the new D values for existing elements. The update rule we described (increment D for all elements with value > v) is equivalent to the following: When a new smallest element (value v) is added at the end, all larger elements now have one more smaller element to their right, so their inversion count increases by 1. So the D values increase for all values greater than v. So it's a range add.

But maybe there is a dual viewpoint: Instead of maintaining D for each value, we can maintain the multiset of values in the prefix. The number of elements with D >= t is equal to something like the number of pairs? Actually, D >= t means the element has at least t smaller elements to its right. In other words, it is part of at least t inversions. The total number of inversions is sum D. Not simple.

Another idea: Since we only need the counts cnt_ge[t] for t up to c_k, and c_k can be large, maybe we can compute these counts directly from the permutation using a binary indexed tree and the concept of "how many elements have at least t smaller to the right". This can be done if we know the sorted order of elements? For a fixed prefix after adding all elements up to k, the permutation is known. We could compute the d_i values for all positions quickly using a BIT (standard inversion counting). But we need to do this for each block? However, we only have one prefix per k (since we add elements gradually). And we need to compute the distribution after the prefix is fully built (i.e., after all elements up to k have been added). But we also need to update the distribution after applying passes (which subtract a global offset). So we could compute the initial D values for the prefix (before any passes) using a BIT in O(k log N) time. Then we can maintain the distribution as we apply passes by simply shifting the offset. So if we can compute the initial D distribution for each prefix, we can avoid maintaining it incrementally. Since k goes from 1 to N, we could compute the D distribution for each k from scratch? That would be O(N^2 log N) too heavy.

But we can compute D values for all positions in the initial permutation without considering passes? Actually, the initial D values for the prefix after adding all elements up to k (but before any passes) is simply the inversion counts for each element within that prefix, which depends on the order of elements in the original permutation (since we never moved them before passes). Wait, the current prefix before any passes (i.e., at the time we first reach size k) consists of the original first k elements in their original order (since no passes have been applied yet to that prefix, because passes are applied only after the prefix is built? But note: We are processing operations in order of increasing k. When we first encounter a k, the prefix of size k has already been built, but it may have been subjected to some passes from earlier operations? Actually, earlier operations had smaller k, so they only affected prefixes of smaller size. Those passes affected the first k-1 elements but not the k-th element. So when we reach k, the first k-1 elements have been modified by some number of passes (the ones with length <= k-1), and the k-th element is fresh. So the current prefix is not the original order of first k elements; it's a transformed version. So we cannot compute the D distribution for the prefix from scratch using only original positions and values. We need to maintain the evolving state.

Thus, we need to maintain the D values incrementally as we add new elements and apply passes. The challenge is that adding a new element causes a range increment on D values for all existing elements with value > v. This is like: when we insert a new element with value v at the end, all larger values in the prefix get one more inversion. So we need to update a suffix of the value range. To do this efficiently, we can use a data structure that supports range add and also maintains the distribution of D values. Could we use a segment tree that stores for each value its current D, and also maintains a counts array for D values in each segment? Then we could update the frequencies by doing a range add and then updating the aggregated counts accordingly. For example, we could have a segment tree over the value domain (1..N). Each leaf stores the current D for that value (if the value is present in the prefix). We maintain at each node the number of leaves in the segment and the sum of D values, and also a histogram of D values? But D can be up to N, so we cannot maintain a histogram at each node. However, we only need to query the total number of elements with D >= t for various t after we have built the prefix and before applying passes. Since t will be at most c_k, which is up to M (2e5), but the D values can be up to N (2e5). We could, after building the prefix, compute the full distribution of D by scanning all elements once? But we have to do this after each addition? That would be O(N^2). So we need a better method.

Maybe we can avoid maintaining D distribution directly. Instead, note that the number of swaps in pass t (i.e., number of elements with D >= t) can be computed using the concept of "inversion depth" of the permutation. There might be a relationship with the "pile shuffle" or "ballot" problem. Alternatively, we can compute the total number of swaps up to t passes using a BIT on the permutation itself by simulating the "bubble sort" process implicitly. For each element, its movement distance is min(t, d_i). So if we could compute for each t, the sum of min(t, d_i), we might use a technique like offline processing of all t values via a fenwick tree that counts the number of elements with d_i >= t. Since t ranges up to max(d_i), and we may need to answer many t values (up to M), we can precompute the sorted list of d_i and then compute prefix sums. That is, if we have the multiset of d_i values, we can sort them and then answer queries for any t using binary search and prefix sums. So the key is to maintain the sorted list of d_i values as we add elements and apply passes. Adding a new element causes a range increment to many d_i values. This is analogous to adding a constant to a suffix of the list sorted by value. If we maintain the d_i values sorted by the corresponding value (not by d_i), we need to apply a range add to a contiguous block in the value order. But the d_i values themselves are not necessarily sorted in value order. However, we can think of the mapping from value to d_i. Since values are a permutation, we can maintain an array D[value] as before. Then the range add on suffix corresponds to adding 1 to all D[value] for value > v. So after all additions, we have D array defined. Then we need to compute the frequency distribution of D values. This is a classic problem: given an array A of length n (n up to 2e5), we have a sequence of range add operations (add 1 to suffix) and point assignments (set a position to 0 when it's first added). We need to maintain the multiset of A values efficiently. Range adds are additive, so we can maintain a difference array and compute A by prefix sums. Actually, if we only have suffix add operations, we can maintain a global variable that tracks the overall add to suffix, but because each point gets added to from different operations depending on when it was inserted. Specifically, each value v is inserted at some time (when it appears in the prefix). When we insert v, we set D[v] = number of existing values smaller than v (which is the count of values < v that have been inserted so far). Then later, each time we insert a new value u > v, we add 1 to D[v] because that new value is smaller? Wait, when we insert a new value u, we add 1 to D for all existing values > u. So if v > u, then D[v] gets incremented. So D[v] is increased by 1 each time a new value u < v is inserted. So D[v] essentially counts the number of inserted values that are smaller than v. That is exactly the number of values less than v that have been inserted so far. Initially, when v is inserted, D[v] = number of existing smaller values. Then after insertion, each time a new value smaller than v is inserted, D[v] increases by 1. So D[v] at the end of all insertions (when the prefix of size k is complete) is simply the total number of values smaller than v that are present in the prefix. That is, D[v] = (number of inserted values with value < v). This is independent of the order of insertions! Indeed, because each smaller element added later increments D[v] by 1. So the final D[v] after all insertions is just the count of smaller values in the prefix, which is equal to (v - (number of values > v that are not in the prefix? Actually, since the prefix contains exactly the first k elements in their original order, but by the time we have inserted all first k elements, the set of values in the prefix is exactly the first k elements of the original permutation. So D[v] for a value v that is in the prefix is: number of values in the prefix that are smaller than v. That is simply the rank of v among the prefix values (minus 1). So D[v] is independent of the order of insertion; it only depends on the set of values present. Moreover, recall that D[v] is supposed to be the number of smaller elements to the right of the element with value v in the current permutation. But in our process, the prefix permutation is not arbitrary; it is the result of inserting elements at the end, and applying bubble passes. However, the key observation is that the D values we computed through this incremental process, before applying any passes, are exactly the number of smaller elements to the right of each element in the current prefix? Let's verify with a small example. Suppose original prefix is [3,2,1]. Insert order: first 3, then 2, then 1. Insert 3: set D[3]=0. Insert 2: D[2]= number of existing smaller than 2? existing values: {3}, none smaller, so D[2]=0. Also, for existing values >2, i.e., 3, increment D[3] by 1 -> D[3]=1. Now prefix: [3,2]. D[3]=1 means element 3 has 1 smaller element to its right (2). Works. Insert 1: D[1]= number of existing smaller than 1? none, so D[1]=0. For values >1: 3 and 2, increment each by 1: D[3]=2, D[2]=1. Now prefix: [3,2,1] (since we inserted at end). D[3]=2 (smaller to right:2 and1), D[2]=1 (smaller to right:1), D[1]=0. That's correct. So indeed, the D values after insertions (before passes) are exactly the number of smaller elements to the right in the current permutation (which is the original order of first k elements). So D[v] = number of elements in prefix smaller than v. That is simply (v - 1) minus the number of larger values not in prefix? Actually, if the prefix contains a set S of values, then for v in S, D[v] = #{u in S: u < v}. So it's just the rank of v in S (starting from 0). So D values are determined solely by the set of values in the prefix, not by their order. This is a huge simplification! Because earlier we thought D values depend on positions, but actually the number of smaller elements to the right depends on the order. But wait, in the example [3,2,1], D for 3 is 2, which is correct because all smaller are to the right. But what if the permutation were [2,3,1]? Then D for 3: number of smaller to right is 1 (only 1), not 2. But the set is same {1,2,3}. So D values are not solely determined by the set; they depend on order. However, in our incremental insertion process, we always insert the new element at the end. So the resulting order is by insertion order, which is the original order of the prefix (since we insert elements from left to right as they appear in the original permutation). So the prefix permutation after insertions is exactly the original prefix permutation (in original order). So D values computed via the rule (count of smaller values in the set) are not the same as the actual number of smaller to right in the original order. In the example, if original prefix is [2,3,1], the set is {1,2,3}. For v=3, the count of smaller in set is 2 (1 and2). But actual D for 3 in [2,3,1] is 1 (only 1 to the right). So our incremental method would give D[3]=2, which is wrong. Why did it happen? Because our insertion order was [2,3,1]? Let's simulate: Insert 2: D[2]=0. Insert 3: existing values: {2}, D[3]= number of existing smaller than 3 -> 2 is smaller, so D[3]=1? Wait, we defined D[v] as number of existing values smaller than v. So for v=3, existing smaller is 2 -> count 1. So D[3]=1. Also increment D for values >3? None. So D[2] stays 0. Now prefix [2,3]. Actual D[2]=0 (no smaller to right), D[3]=? In [2,3], 3 has no smaller to right, so D[3]=0. But our D[3]=1, which is the number of smaller to its left? Actually, it's counting smaller elements that are to its left because they were inserted earlier. So the D we compute is actually the number of smaller elements to the left, not to the right. Because when we insert at the end, the existing elements are to the left, so the new element's D is number of smaller elements to its left. And for existing elements, we increment their D when we add a smaller element to the right, so that counts smaller elements to the right. So D in our scheme is actually: for each element, it starts as the number of smaller elements to its left (when inserted), and then gets incremented when smaller elements are added to its right. So overall, after all insertions, D[v] = (number of smaller elements to its left) + (number of smaller elements to its right) = total number of smaller elements in the entire set = rank-1. So indeed, D[v] ends up being the total number of smaller elements in the set, which is not the inversion count for that element (which counts only those to the right). So our earlier interpretation was wrong: The D we maintained is not the inversion count per element (number of smaller to the right), but the total number of smaller elements in the set. That's not what we need for the bubble pass formula.

Therefore, we need to reconsider.

Let's define for each element, the number of inversions it participates in as the left element, i.e., number of smaller elements to its right. That's what we need. In our insertion process, we can maintain that correctly: when we add a new element at the end, the new element has 0 smaller to its right. For existing elements, if the new element is smaller than them, then they get one more smaller element to their right, so we need to increment their inversion count. That's exactly the operation: for all existing values > v, increment their inversion count by 1. This is what we originally thought. And D_new for the new element is 0. So if we maintain this, then D values represent the number of smaller elements to the right. This is what we need. In the example [2,3,1], insert 2: D[2]=0. Insert 3: existing values are {2}, v=3, no existing value >3, so no increments. D[3]=0 (since number of existing smaller than 3 is 2? But we set D[3]=0 because it's at the end, it has no smaller to right. Actually, we set D[3]=0, not 1. Then insert 1: existing values {2,3}, v=1. We need to increment D for existing values >1, i.e., 2 and 3. So D[2] becomes 1, D[3] becomes 1. Also set D[1]=0. Now final D: D[2]=1 (smaller to right: 1), D[3]=1 (smaller to right: 1), D[1]=0. This matches the actual inversion counts in [2,3,1]? In [2,3,1], element 2 has inversion with 1 -> count1; element 3 has inversion with 1 -> count1; element 1 has none. Correct. So this works. So the D values we maintain are exactly the number of smaller elements to the right. And this D can be updated by range add on value domain (increment D for all values > v) when a new element v is added. So our initial approach was correct. The challenge remains to maintain the distribution of D values efficiently under these range increments.

Now, note that the D values we maintain are not simply the total count of smaller elements; they depend on the order of insertion. However, there might be a way to compute the distribution of D values after all insertions without incremental updating, by using the original permutation. Since the insertions are in order of original positions, the D values for the prefix after all insertions (before any passes) are exactly the inversion counts of each element in the original prefix. That is, for element at position i in the original array, within the first k elements, its inversion count is the number of j>i, j<=k such that P_i > P_j. So we could compute these counts using a BIT for each prefix? But we need them for each k, not just the final one. The incremental method with range adds is natural: as we increase k, we process the new element, update D for existing values > v. So we need to perform range adds. This is similar to the classic problem of maintaining the number of inversions as we add elements, which can be done with a BIT that counts frequencies of values. But here we need the distribution of D values, not just total inversions.

Maybe we can avoid maintaining the full distribution by processing the pass queries offline. For each operation block with k, we need to output the inversion count after each pass. The inversion count after t passes is initial_inv - sum_{s=1}^t cnt_ge[s], where cnt_ge[s] is the number of elements with D >= s in the current prefix (before passes of this block). If we can compute the multiset of D values for the prefix at that time, we can precompute the sorted list of D values and then answer all t queries for that block using prefix sums. Since we have multiple blocks and the prefix changes between blocks (due to adding new elements and applying previous passes), we need to update the D values after each block. But as we noted, after applying c passes, the D values are simply reduced by c (capped at 0). That is a global shift. So we can maintain a global offset for the D values of the current prefix. Specifically, let offset_k be the total number of passes that have been applied to the prefix so far (i.e., cumulative passes from previous blocks). The actual "remaining inversion count" for an element is D_original - offset_k (but not below 0). However, D_original is the inversion count at the time the prefix was first formed (i.e., before any passes on this prefix). But we also have to incorporate the effect of passes on D_original? Actually, the D values evolve as: starting from D0 (initial inversions per element in the prefix), after each pass t, each D decreases by 1 (if >0). So after total passes offset, the current D_curr = max(0, D0 - offset). So if we store D0 for each element (the inversion count at the time the element was first included in the prefix, before any passes on that prefix), and we maintain a global variable offset that records how many passes have been applied to the prefix so far, then the current number of elements with D_curr >= t is exactly the number of elements with D0 >= t+offset. So cnt_ge[t] in the current state = number of elements with D0 >= t+offset. Therefore, to compute the number of swaps in the next pass (the first pass of a block), we need count of D0 >= offset+1. For the second pass, count of D0 >= offset+2, etc. So if we have the multiset of D0 values for all elements in the current prefix, we can answer all queries for the block by examining the sorted list of D0 and using offset to shift queries.

Thus, for each prefix (after building it by adding new elements), we need to know the D0 values (the inversion counts of each element at the time the prefix was formed). These D0 values are computed incrementally as we add elements: When a new element with value v is added, its D0 is 0 (since it has no smaller elements to its right within the prefix at that moment). Then we also need to update the D0 of existing elements: for each existing value u > v, D0[u] increases by 1. So we maintain an array D0 indexed by value, which initially starts at 0. As we add elements in order of original positions, we perform range add +1 on suffix (v+1..N) of the D0 array. This is the same as before. So after processing the first k elements, D0[value] is the inversion count of that element within the first k elements (i.e., number of smaller elements to its right among first k). So we have the D0 values for all values present in the prefix. Now, we also have a global variable offset_k indicating how many passes have been applied to this prefix so far. Initially, offset=0. When we process a block of c operations with length k, we will apply c passes. For t=1..c, the number of swaps in pass t is the number of elements with D0 >= offset + t. So we need to compute for each t the count of D0 >= offset+t. Then we can compute the inversion count after each pass: new_inv = current_inv - count.

After the block, we set offset = offset + c. Then we move to the next k (larger). Before adding new elements, we note that the current prefix state is after offset passes. The D0 values for the current elements are unchanged (they remain the original D0, because passes only decrease the effective inversion count but we store the original D0). The new element to be added (value v) at the new index k will be inserted at the end. However, note that the current permutation of the prefix has been affected by the passes: the positions of elements have changed, but we only care about D0 values, not positions. The D0 values for existing elements are still the counts of smaller elements to their right at the time of their insertion (which were determined by the original order). But after passes, the actual inversion counts have decreased, but we are storing D0. That's fine. When we add a new element, we need to compute its D0 and also update D0 of existing elements due to the new element. However, the update rule "increment D0 for all values > v" is still valid because the new element is at the end of the current array (its position is rightmost). This holds regardless of the current positions of existing elements (since they are all to the left of the new element). So we can perform the range add on D0 for existing values > v. So our D0 array can be maintained incrementally as we add new elements, even after previous passes, because the passes don't change the fact that elements are still in some order but the new element will be at the end (since we always append at the end). Wait, is the new element always placed at the end? After previous passes, the array has been shuffled. But the new element is the original P_k, which has never been moved. It occupies position k after the previous operations? Since previous operations only affected positions 1..k-1, the element at position k remains the original P_k. So at the moment before operation k, the array has some order in positions 1..k-1, but position k holds the original P_k. So indeed, the new element is at position k, which is the rightmost among the prefix after we decide to include it. So it is at the end of the prefix. So when we add it to our data structure, we treat it as being appended to the end. So the update rule holds. So we can continue to maintain D0 using range adds.

Therefore, our overall algorithm:

- Initialize an array D0 of size N+1 (indexed by value) with zeros.
- Initialize a Fenwick tree (BIT) over values to support range add and point query? Wait, we need to maintain D0[value] as we do suffix additions. But we also need to maintain the multiset of D0 values for all values present in the current prefix. We need to be able to answer queries: for a given threshold T, count of D0 >= T. Also we need the total inversion count of the prefix (sum of D0). Since we will apply offset, the actual inversion count of the current prefix is sum max(0, D0 - offset). But we can compute that as we process passes.

We can maintain a data structure that holds the D0 values of all values currently in the prefix. Since we only add values (never remove), we can build this structure incrementally. The operations we need to support:
- Add a new value v: we need to set D0[v] = some value (which is 0 initially? Actually, D0[v] at insertion time should be the number of smaller elements to its right within the current prefix. Since it's at the end, that's 0. But note that when we add v, we also update D0 for existing values > v by +1. So after the update, D0[v]=0. We then insert D0[v] into the multiset.
- After adding, we also need to know the total inversion count of the prefix (which is sum D0). The sum of D0 for all values is the total number of inversions in the original prefix (i.e., before any passes). We can maintain this sum as we do updates.
- For queries (pass block): we need to compute, for each t from 1 to c, the number of elements with D0 >= offset+t. We also need to update offset after the block.

So we need a data structure that holds a multiset of integers (D0 values) and supports queries of the count of elements >= a threshold. This can be done by a Fenwick tree over the possible range of D0 values (0..N-1). Since N=2e5, we can maintain a BIT that stores the frequency of each D0 value. Then we can query cumulative frequencies in O(log N). So we need to be able to update the BIT when a new D0 value is added (by 1) and when D0 values of existing elements are increased. The latter is the key difficulty: when we do a range add of +1 to D0 for all values > v, we need to update the frequencies accordingly: for each such element, its D0 increases by 1, so we need to decrement the count at its old D0 and increment at new D0. That would require knowing the current D0 of each element, and updating individually. This is exactly the same problem as before: we need to apply a range increment to a set of values and maintain the frequency distribution.

But maybe we can handle this differently: Instead of storing D0 directly, can we compute the number of elements with D0 >= threshold from some other property? For example, the number of elements with D0 >= t is equal to the number of inversions that involve at least t smaller elements? Not helpful.

Another observation: The range of D0 values is bounded by N, and the number of elements is N. The total number of increments across all additions is at most the total number of inversions in the entire permutation, which is O(N^2) in worst case. But we cannot process each increment individually. So we need a way to apply the range increment to the frequency distribution in an amortized efficient manner. Perhaps we can use a data structure that supports "add 1 to all values in a suffix" and also maintain the histogram. Is there a way to represent the D0 values as a function of value? Since D0 for a value v is determined by the number of elements with value > v that appear later? Actually, D0[v] is the number of smaller values that appear after v in the original order? Wait, D0[v] as we maintain is the number of smaller elements to the right of v among the prefix. For the prefix of size k, D0[v] = number of j such that position of v < j <= k and P_j < v. This is similar to the "inversion count" of v in that prefix. This can be computed if we know the positions of all values in the prefix. But we don't have positions. However, we might use a different data structure: Instead of maintaining D0 per value, we could maintain the multiset of D0 values directly using a balanced BST that supports range increment on a subset (by value). The subset is defined by value > v. This is reminiscent of a "treap" that stores key-value pairs (value, D0). Then we can "split" by value to apply range increment to the right part, and then merge back. This could be done in O(log N) per operation using a treap with lazy propagation. Since we have O(N) additions, total O(N log N). That seems promising. Let's explore: Use an order-statistic tree (like a balanced BST) keyed by the original value (which is unique). Each node stores: key = value, data = current D0 (which we update). We also want to maintain the frequency distribution of D0 values to answer queries about counts >= threshold. If we have the treap, we can also store subtree sums of D0, but we need to be able to quickly get the number of nodes with D0 >= some value. That is a range query on D0, not on key. We could maintain a second data structure that tracks the frequencies of D0 values. But since we can extract the D0 values from the treap (by traversing), we could, at the time we need to answer queries for a block, extract all D0 values? That would be O(k) per block, which might be acceptable if total k across blocks is O(N+M)? Actually, total number of elements in the prefix at the time of each block is k, which increases over time. If we extract all D0 values for each block, we would end up scanning the whole array many times, leading to O(N^2). Not good.

Alternatively, we can maintain the count of nodes with D0 >= threshold by a structure that supports range increments and query of number of elements with D0 >= T. Since range increments only add a constant to a suffix of nodes in the value order, and the D0 values themselves are being incremented, we can use a Fenwick tree over the value domain to track something like the "inversion count" of each value, but we need the distribution. Perhaps we can compute the number of elements with D0 >= T after all updates by directly using the fact that D0 is the number of smaller elements to the right. That number for a given value v can be computed as: D0[v] = (number of values in prefix less than v) - (number of those that appear before v)? Not exactly.

Let's step back and think about the overall process again, maybe there's a simpler way to compute the inversion count after each operation without needing the distribution of D0.

Recall that we only need the inversion count after each pass, not the full state. The inversion count after a series of passes can be computed if we know the initial inversion count and the number of elements with D0 >= offset + t for each t. So if we can compute the sorted list of D0 values for the current prefix, we can for each block compute the reductions efficiently using prefix sums. Since the number of blocks is at most the number of distinct k (which is at most N), we could, for each block, extract the current D0 values, sort them, and then compute the cumulative counts. But the D0 values change between blocks due to range increments from new element additions. However, we might be able to compute the D0 values for the prefix from scratch using a BIT on the original permutation each time we start a block? But that would be O(N log N) per block, too heavy. But note that we only have O(N) distinct k values, and total across all blocks the sum of k is O(N^2) in worst case (since each block could have k up to N). So we need a more efficient way.

Given the complexity, perhaps the intended solution uses a Fenwick tree and a stack to simulate the process in O(N log N + M) by processing the operations in order and directly computing the inversion count after each operation using a different insight. Let's look for patterns in the sample output: The inversion numbers decrease by varying amounts. Maybe we can compute the number of swaps in each operation directly using the concept of "bubble sort" passes on a prefix, and the number of swaps in operation k is simply the number of "inversions" involving the element at position k? Not exactly.

Another idea: Since the only swaps that can happen are when a larger element moves right, and the new element is always at the end, operation k essentially "inserts" the new element into the prefix by moving it leftwards as far as possible in a single pass. But we saw it can only move left one step. So the effect of operation k on the inversion count is just the number of swaps, which is the number of elements that are larger than their right neighbor (i.e., descents) at that time. But this number is not simply related to the new element.

Maybe we can simulate the whole process using a segment tree that tracks the "next greater element" for each position, and the bubble pass can be performed by repeatedly moving the maximum to the right. Since the operation is applied to prefixes of increasing length, we might be able to process each element only once. Think about the process: When we add a new element at the end, it might be moved left by one if the element before it is larger. That's all that happens in operation k. Then later, when we have operation k+1, the element at position k (which is the previous new element or something) might be compared with the new element at k+1, etc. So the process resembles a "insertion" where smaller elements bubble left one step at a time. This is exactly like insertion sort where we take a new element and repeatedly swap it left until it is in the correct position relative to the left. However, insertion sort does multiple swaps per insertion, while here we only do at most one swap per operation (since each operation only allows the new element to move left by one). So the full insertion sort would require many operations to place an element in its correct sorted position. The operations are precisely the steps of insertion sort if we consider each operation as one "pass" that only moves the newly added element left by one? But note that in operation k, not only the new element may move left; other elements can move right as well. For example, in operation 4 in sample, the new element was 1 (at position4 initially), but it moved left? Actually, new element was 1 at position4, and it became involved when compared with 4 at position3: 4>1 swap, so 1 moved left to position3. That's one left move. Also, the element 3 moved right? 3 moved from pos1 to pos2? Actually, 3 swapped with 2? Wait, in the operation, there were swaps at i=1 and i=3, so multiple swaps. So not just the new element moves left; other larger elements move right. So it's more than just insertion.

Given the difficulty, I'll consider implementing the solution using a treap with lazy propagation to maintain D0 values and their distribution. Let's design that.

We need to maintain a treap (or splay tree) keyed by value (1..N). Each node stores: value, current D0, and also we need to support:
- For a given value v, we want to add 1 to D0 of all nodes with value > v (suffix add). This can be done by split operation: split treap into left part (value <= v) and right part (value > v). Then apply lazy addition to the right part, then merge.
- We also need to insert a new node for value v with D0=0. Since we process values in order of original appearance, we can insert v at the correct position (since keys are values, we can just insert ordinarily).
- We need to maintain the multiset of D0 values to answer queries: For a given threshold T, count of nodes with D0 >= T. We can maintain in each node the subtree size and also a binary indexed tree over D0? But D0 can change due to lazy increments. We could maintain a separate data structure that stores the D0 values of all nodes, but when we apply a lazy range add, we would need to update the count of D0 values for all nodes in that range. This is similar to the previous problem. However, we can possibly use the treap itself to answer the query "number of nodes with D0 >= T". This is a range query over the key order but with a condition on the value stored in the node. Since we have lazy addition, we can maintain the minimum D0 value in the subtree (subject to lazy). Then we can query the number of nodes with D0 >= T by traversing the tree with pruning: if the minimum D0 in a subtree is >= T, then all nodes in that subtree satisfy; if the maximum D0 in a subtree is < T, then none; otherwise, go down. This would be O(log N) per query if the tree is balanced? Actually, this is a typical segment tree operation: to count number >= T, you need to traverse potentially many nodes, but with a balanced BST, you might need to visit O(log N) nodes if you maintain subtree aggregates and can prune. But it's not straightforward because the condition is on the node's D0, not on the key. However, if we store the D0 values, we can consider building a segment tree over the value domain that stores the D0 values and supports range add and range query of count of D0 >= T. This is exactly a segment tree with lazy add and each node storing a sorted list of D0 values? That would be heavy. Alternatively, we can use a Fenwick tree over D0 values as we update each node individually. But that would require updating each node's D0 individually when we do a range add, which is O(N) per range add.

Maybe we can avoid the need to query the distribution of D0 by using a different approach to compute the pass reduction. The number of swaps in pass t is the number of elements with D0 >= offset+t. This is essentially the number of elements whose initial inversion count is at least offset+t. So if we know the initial inversion counts for all elements (which we can compute once for the whole permutation), and we know the offset (total passes applied so far), we can compute the number of elements with inversion count >= X using a Fenwick tree over the inversion counts. However, note that the D0 values we maintain are not the initial inversion counts of the whole permutation; they are the inversion counts within the current prefix, which evolves as we add new elements. But we could precompute for each element its inversion count in the final full array? Not helpful.

Given the time, I suspect the intended solution uses a simpler insight: The operation k is equivalent to moving the element at position k left by one if it is smaller than the element at k-1, and also potentially moving other elements? Actually, from the sample, note that after operation 4, the array became [2,3,1,4,6,5]. The element 1 moved from position4 to position3. The element 4 moved from position3 to position4. The element 3 and 2 swapped? What about the inversion count? This might be simulated by a simple rule: After applying operations in order, the array becomes sorted except for some small inversions. Maybe the final array after all operations is exactly the result of performing "insertion sort" where each operation k does a single comparison and swap between position k-1 and k. This is reminiscent of "bubble sort" but only the final element is bubbled left? Let's test: In operation 4, we did swaps at (1,2) and (3,4). That's more than just comparing (3,4). So not.

I recall that the process is known as "Bubble Sort on a permutation with increasing pass length", and there is a known solution using a Fenwick tree to compute the inversion number after each operation by maintaining a "difference array" of the number of times each element is moved right. Perhaps we can simulate the entire process by iterating over the operations and maintaining a binary indexed tree of "available positions" for each value. For each element, we can compute its final position after all operations as its initial position plus the number of smaller elements to its right that are eventually "bubbled" past it. But the number of such passes is determined by the number of operations.

Let's try to compute the final position of each element in the array after all operations (i.e., after processing all M operations). Since the operations are non-decreasing, we can process the elements from the rightmost to leftmost? Consider an element with value v. It will move right when it is the larger element in a comparison. This happens during operations that include its current position. The total number of times it moves right is equal to the number of smaller elements to its right that are "present" at the time it moves. Over the entire process, an element will eventually move right by exactly the number of smaller elements to its right that are not blocked by even larger elements. But in bubble sort, that number is its inversion count. So after all operations, the array should become sorted? Not necessarily, because we may not have enough passes. However, if we have enough passes (more than the maximum inversion count), it will be sorted. Since M can be large, it might eventually sort the array. But in sample, with only two operations, it's not fully sorted.

Maybe we can compute the number of passes each element experiences based on the operation counts. The number of passes that involve a given position depends on how many operations have k >= that position. Since positions change, we need a dynamic approach. However, note that elements only move right, so their position index increases. Therefore, the number of operations that affect an element is the number of operations with k >= the position it currently occupies at the time of the operation. This is hard to compute.

Given the difficulty, I'll try to implement the treap approach with lazy propagation for range add and maintain subtree aggregates that allow counting number of nodes with D0 >= threshold. But counting exactly is tricky; we might need to store the distribution of D0 values in the subtree using a segment tree over D0 values? That would be heavy.

Alternative: Since we only need to answer queries for a block of passes, and after each block we update offset, we can for each block compute the current D0 values by extracting them from the treap (which we can do by an in-order traversal) and then sort them to answer the queries. However, the treap might have size up to k (which could be up to N=2e5). If we do this for each block, the total time could be O(N^2) in worst case if we have many blocks (e.g., when k increases by 1 each time, we have N blocks, and each block extraction costs O(k) -> total O(N^2)). But note that the total number of blocks is at most the number of distinct k, which is at most N. But if we have N blocks, the total cost of extracting all D0 values across all blocks would be O(N^2) because we extract the entire prefix each time. However, we could reuse previous extractions? Since D0 values only change by increments when new elements are added, and by decrements when passes are applied (which we handle via offset), we might be able to maintain the sorted list of D0 values using a data structure that supports range increment. That is the same problem.

Maybe we can use a different strategy: Instead of maintaining D0 values per value, we can directly compute the number of elements with D0 >= T using a Fenwick tree over values and the concept of "order statistics". Observe that D0[v] = number of elements with value less than v that appear after v in the prefix. This is like an inversion count. For a fixed prefix, we can build a BIT over positions to compute D0 for each element. But we need the distribution.

Given the time, let's consider if we can compute the passes reductions without the distribution by using a more direct formula. The reduction after t passes is sum min(t, d_i). This is also equal to sum_{s=1}^{t} (number of elements with d_i >= s). So if we could compute, for each s, how many elements have d_i >= s, we can answer. For a given s, the number of elements with d_i >= s is the number of elements that have at least s smaller elements to their right. That is the number of elements that are part of at least s inversions. There might be a way to compute this using a BIT by counting inversions of order s? Not trivial.

Let's try to think about the overall process from the perspective of the values. Since we only care about the inversion number after each pass, and we know the total inversion number before the block, and we need to subtract the number of ones with D0 >= offset+1, etc. Perhaps we can compute the number of swaps in each pass using a "simulation" of bubble sort that runs in O(N) per block, but we can bound the total number of swaps across all passes? In bubble sort, the total number of swaps is the inversion count. The total number of swaps we will perform across all operations is at most the initial inversion count of the whole array (since each swap reduces inversion count by 1). The initial inversion count can be up to 2e10, but M is only 2e5, so we cannot have that many swaps because each operation would need to do many swaps, but the total number of swaps across all operations is exactly the total reduction in inversion count from start to end. The final inversion count after all operations depends on the number of passes. In worst case, if we do many passes, we can reduce inversion to 0, so total swaps = initial inversion count, which can be 2e10. That's too many to simulate individually. However, we are not asked to output each swap, only the inversion count after each operation. So we need to compute reductions without enumerating swaps individually. But we have derived that the number of swaps in pass t is the count of elements with D0 >= offset+t. So we need that count. If we can compute that count efficiently, we can do it with a data structure that can answer queries of the form "how many elements have D0 >= X". Since D0 values are up to N, we could maintain a BIT over D0. The challenge is updating D0 efficiently when new elements are added (range add to suffix of values). However, note that D0 for a given value v is simply the number of elements with value less than v that have been added so far. Wait, no: D0[v] is the number of smaller elements to the right of v. When we add elements in order, the "right" side means later in insertion order. So D0[v] = number of elements with value < v that are inserted after v. This is different from the count of smaller elements overall. So we cannot compute D0[v] simply from the set.

But maybe we can compute the distribution of D0 using a BIT over the insertion order. Since D0[v] depends on the position of v in the insertion order (i.e., its index in the original permutation). Let's denote pos[v] = the index (1..k) where v appears. Then D0[v] = number of u such that u < v and pos[u] > pos[v]. That is, the number of smaller elements that appear later. So D0[v] is exactly the inversion count of v in the prefix when considering only its value. So we can precompute for each element its inversion count within the whole permutation using a BIT. But we need it for each prefix. As the prefix grows, the D0 for an existing element increases when a new smaller element is added after it (i.e., pos[u] > pos[v] and u < v). That's exactly the range add we described. So we can compute D0[v] incrementally.

Given the complexity, I'm going to search online memory: I recall a problem "Bubble Sort" where the operations are on prefixes and the answer can be computed using a fenwick tree and a "priority queue" or "binary indexed tree" that tracks the values. Maybe the solution is to simulate the process by maintaining a multiset of the current inversions and using a "bubble sort" algorithm that processes only the positions that have changed. Since the operation only affects the first k elements, and k increases, we can use a data structure that stores the permutation as a list and we perform the operation by scanning from left to right but only through the first k, but we can do it in a "lazy" way: we only need to know the inversion count after each pass, not the full state. There might be a relation between the inversion count and the number of "hooks" in the permutation.

Given the time constraint, I'm going to try a different angle: The process might be equivalent to the following: For each element, its eventual amount of movement is determined by the number of "smaller elements that are to its right and also appear after it in the original array". This is exactly its inversion count. And the number of passes it takes to move it is that count. So after t passes, the amount it has moved is min(t, inv_count). So the total reduction in inversion is sum min(t, inv_i). So if we know the inversion counts of all elements in the final array, we can compute the inversion count after any number of passes. But note that the inversion counts themselves change as we add new elements? No, the inversion count of an element in the whole array is fixed from the initial permutation. But here we only consider prefixes. However, as operations are applied, the "effective" inversion count for the prefix changes because elements are added. But the process of adding new elements and applying passes can be combined. Since passes only affect the prefix, and we add elements at the end, the inversion count of an element in the prefix at a given time is its inversion count within the prefix (i.e., number of smaller elements to its right that are already in the prefix). This value can be built incrementally.

Given all this, perhaps the simplest path is to implement the treap with lazy addition and maintain a segment tree over D0 values for counting. The total number of range increments is N (one per new element), each affecting a suffix of the value set. In a treap, we can apply lazy addition to the entire suffix in O(log N) time. However, after each range add, we still need to update the frequency distribution of D0 values. If we maintain a separate BIT over D0, we would need to update each element's D0 individually. But we could avoid that by not maintaining a separate frequency distribution, and instead compute the counts for each block by extracting all D0 values from the treap and then sorting. The extraction would be O(k) per block. Since total k across all blocks is O(N^2) in worst case (e.g., if we have N blocks, each with k=N, then total extraction size is N*N), that's too heavy. But perhaps the number of blocks is small? Actually, distinct k values can be up to N, each block could have large k. So worst-case O(N^2). Not acceptable.

What if we process the queries offline in a different order? Since the operations are in order, we have to output results after each operation. There are M operations, each asking for the inversion count after that operation. So we need to compute M values. We could try to compute each inversion count directly using a BIT that maintains the current permutation and counts inversions, and simulate each operation with a data structure that can perform the bubble pass in O(log N) time using some clever technique. Is there a way to perform a bubble pass on a prefix in O(log N) time? Possibly using a segment tree that can answer queries like "find the first position i in range where a[i] > a[i+1]"? Then we could swap and repeat. But the number of swaps could be large. However, we could use the fact that each swap reduces inversion count, and we are only interested in the total reduction per operation. Could we compute the total number of swaps in the operation using a segment tree that stores the "max prefix" or something? Another thought: The bubble pass moves the maximum to the end. The number of swaps is exactly the number of steps the maximum moves. In the prefix of length k, the maximum is the largest element. Its movement distance is the number of elements between its current position and the end of the prefix. But is that always true? In a bubble pass, the maximum will move to the end, so the number of swaps contributed by the maximum is exactly (k - pos_max). However, other elements also swap. For instance, in [3,2,4,1], max=4 at position3, distance to end=1, but we had 2 swaps (3 and 4). So the maximum's swaps are only part of the total. However, note that after the maximum moves right, the position it vacates is taken by a smaller element, which may then be involved in further swaps. So the total swaps is not just the max's movement.

Maybe we can compute the total swaps in a bubble pass as the sum over all elements of the number of elements to their right that are smaller, but only those that are "immediately to the right" before the pass? Not.

Given the time, I'll search for known solutions online in my mind. I recall a problem from AtCoder ABC 251 Ex? Or ARC 137? Not sure.

Another idea: Since we have to output intermediate inversion numbers, and the input size is up to 2e5, perhaps the intended solution is O((N+M) log N) using a Fenwick tree and a "difference array" to simulate the bubble passes imperatively, but with the observation that the total number of swaps across all operations is O(N log N) due to the non-decreasing A_i constraint. Let's try to bound the swaps. When we apply operation k, the maximum of the first k moves to the end. After that, that maximum will not move left again. In later operations with larger k, it may move further right. In full bubble sort on the whole array, each element moves right only as many times as its inversion count. So total swaps = inversion count. In our process, we only apply passes on prefixes of increasing length, but we may apply many passes on the same prefix (if A_i repeats). For repeated passes on the same prefix, we could be doing bubble sort on that prefix, which could require up to O(k^2) swaps for that prefix. However, if we have many repeats on the same k, the total swaps could be O(k^2) which could be O(N^2). But if k is large, that's bad. But maybe the constraint of non-decreasing A_i and the fact that we eventually increase k prevents that? For example, if we have many repeats on a large k, we could indeed have many swaps. So worst-case O(N^2) swaps possible. So we cannot simulate each swap.

Hence, we need a formula like sum min(t, d_i) to compute cumulative swaps. So we need the d_i values. So we need to maintain the d_i values. So back to the data structure problem.

Let's try to design a data structure that can handle range increments on D0 for a suffix of values and also maintain the frequency distribution. One idea: Use a segment tree over the value domain (1..N). Each leaf stores the current D0 for that value (if present). Each node stores the minimum and maximum D0 in its range, and also a lazy addition tag. To answer queries like "how many leaves have D0 >= X", we can use the segment tree with the property: if the minimum in a node is >= X, then all leaves in that node satisfy; if the maximum is < X, none; otherwise, go deeper. This allows us to count the number of leaves with D0 >= X in O(log N) time per query (since the tree is balanced, the number of nodes visited is proportional to the number of leaves that are on the boundary, but in worst case it could be O(k) if many leaves are exactly at the threshold. However, we can amortize because we will be asking many such queries (one per pass). In the worst case, each query could be O(k) if the distribution is such that many nodes have D0 exactly at the threshold. That could be O(N^2) overall. But maybe we can use a Fenwick tree over D0 values to get O(log N) per query, but that requires updating the frequency when D0 changes. The segment tree with range add and query count of >= X is a classic problem that can be solved with a segment tree that stores the histogram of D0 values in each node using a merge sort tree? That would be heavy.

Alternatively, since we only need to query counts for thresholds T = offset+1, offset+2, etc., and offset increases over time, we could precompute the D0 values and then process blocks by iterating over the D0 values in sorted order. In a block, we need to compute S(t) for t=1..c. This is equivalent to: for each D0 value, it contributes 1 to each of the first D0 - offset passes (if D0 > offset). So we can accumulate contributions. If we have the sorted list of D0 values, we can, for a given offset, compute the number of elements with D0 >= offset+1, etc. Since offset changes only between blocks, we can maintain a pointer into the sorted list and update as offset increases. For example, suppose we maintain the list of D0 values sorted. At the start of a block, we have offset_old. For this block, we need to compute for t=1..c, the count of D0 >= offset_old + t. This is just the number of elements with D0 >= offset_old+1, then offset_old+2, etc. Since offset_old increases by c after the block, the next block will have offset_new = offset_old + c, and we will need counts for higher thresholds. So we could maintain a pointer to the first index where D0 > offset, and then as we increase the threshold, we can advance the pointer. This can be done in O(c + number of D0 values) per block? Actually, for each block, we need to output the inversion count after each pass, which requires c values. If we sort the D0 values once (when the prefix is complete), we can iterate through the thresholds in increasing order, and for each threshold we can compute the count by binary search. That would be O(c log k) per block, which might be acceptable if total c over all blocks is M (2e5), and total log k is small. Sorting the D0 values each time a block starts would be O(k log k), which is too heavy for each block. But we can maintain the sorted list incrementally as we add new elements and apply range increments. We already need to handle range increments. However, note that the range increments add 1 to a suffix of values (by value order). This means that the D0 values of a contiguous set of values (by value) are incremented. Their relative order in the sorted list of D0 values may change. But if we sort by value (not by D0), we could maintain a segment tree that stores D0 values sorted by value, and queries for the count of D0 >= X can be done via a segment tree that supports range add and range query of count of values >= X. This is exactly a segment tree with lazy propagation and each node storing the min and max, and we traverse to count. As argued, counting could be O(k) worst-case but maybe acceptable given constraints? Let's analyze complexity. The segment tree will have N leaves (one per value). We will perform N range adds (each O(log N)). For each block of passes, we need to perform c queries of the form "count number of leaves with D0 >= T". Each such query might, in the worst case, visit O(k) nodes if the threshold is such that many leaves are at the threshold. However, note that the D0 values are integers that can range up to N, and we will be increasing the threshold gradually as we go through passes. In practice, the number of distinct D0 values might be O(N) but the query could be done by binary search on the D0 values if we had a Fenwick tree over D0. But we don't. We could maintain a Fenwick tree over D0 values that we update as D0 changes. That would require updating one element per D0 change. But each range add changes many D0 values. However, we can use the segment tree to propagate the range add and also maintain a Fenwick tree externally? Not directly.

Maybe we can use a "binary indexed tree of bitsets"? Not.

Given the difficulty, I think the intended solution might use a "binary indexed tree" to compute the number of swaps in each operation directly from the number of inversions and some prefix sums. Let's try to compute the number of swaps in operation k. It is known that the number of swaps in a bubble pass on a sequence is equal to the number of "inversions" that are "adjacent" after the previous passes. There is a concept of "inversion matrix" that can be updated.

Another thought: The process is equivalent to the following: For each element, consider its "rank" in the sorted order. The bubble pass will move it right by one each time it is larger than the next element. This is similar to the "bubble" process that can be simulated with a "priority queue" of values that are "out of place". Perhaps we can simulate the entire process by maintaining a "sorted list" of the elements that have been introduced, and the inversion count after each operation can be computed as the number of pairs (i,j) with i < j and a_i > a_j in the current array. If we can maintain this count using a BIT and handle the bubble pass as a series of "deletions and insertions" of values into a Fenwick tree. The bubble pass essentially moves the maximum to the end. So we can treat it as: find the maximum element in the prefix, remove it from its position, and insert it at the end. However, that's not correct because other elements also move. But maybe the net effect is that the prefix's multiset of values is permuted such that the maximum goes to the end. If we only care about inversion count, we might be able to compute the change when moving an element from position i to position k. That would affect inversions with the elements between i and k. If we move the maximum to the end, then its inversion count with those elements becomes zero because it's now to the right of all of them and all are smaller. So the reduction in inversion count is exactly (k - i) (since the maximum was larger than all those elements). In the example [3,2,4,1], max=4 at position3, moving it to end (position4) would reduce inversions by 1 (since it was larger than 1 at position4, but we also have to consider inversions with elements to its left? Actually, max moving to end resolves all inversions it had with elements to its right (just 1) and also it may create new inversions? No, since it's the maximum, it is larger than all, so moving it to the right cannot create new inversions. So the reduction is exactly the number of elements to its right that are smaller than it, which is (k - i) if all to the right are smaller. In our example, max=4, elements to its right: only 1, so reduction=1. But actual reduction in that operation was 2. So this is not enough. So there are additional swaps from other elements.

Observe that when we moved the max, the element that was at the end (1) moved left, and that created an inversion with 3? Actually, after the operation, we had [2,3,1,4]. The inversion (3,1) remains. So the max's movement didn't resolve that inversion. So other swaps contribute.

Given the time, I think the treap with lazy additive updates and maintaining subtree min/max for count queries might be the way to go. Since N=2e5, the segment tree approach with counting may be acceptable if we implement the count query as a traversal that stops when the range's min >= T or max < T. The worst-case number of nodes visited when counting the number of elements with value >= T in a segment tree with lazy propagation is O(N) in the worst case (if many leaves are exactly at T). However, we can mitigate this by also storing the distribution in a Fenwick tree over D0 values, and we update the Fenwick tree when D0 values change due to range add. For range add, we can apply the range add in the segment tree and also update the Fenwick tree by processing each leaf's change? That would be too heavy. But note that we only have N range add operations (one per new element). Each range add affects a suffix of values. The number of D0 changes is the total number of increments, which could be O(N^2) in worst case. So we cannot update the Fenwick tree per D0 change.

Thus, the segment tree with direct counting might be our best bet. Let's analyze the complexity of the count query in a segment tree with lazy add. The query "count number of elements with D0 >= T" can be done by traversing the tree and for each node, using the lazy tag to adjust the stored min and max. If min_adj >= T, return size; if max_adj < T, return 0; else go down. In the worst-case scenario, when many elements have D0 exactly around T, we may have to go down to many leaves. However, the total number of leaves is N=2e5, so a single query could be O(N) in worst case. But we will have up to M=2e5 queries, so O(NM) is too much. However, perhaps the counts are such that the distribution of D0 ensures that the thresholds are monotonic increasing (as offset grows), and the number of elements with D0 exactly at the threshold decreases. Perhaps we can use a technique: After each block, we update offset, and we will need to answer queries for T = offset+1, offset+2, ..., offset+c. Since offset increases by c, these thresholds are a contiguous range of size c. If we can precompute an array of the sorted D0 values, we can answer all these thresholds by a single pass through the sorted list. For example, suppose we have the sorted list of D0 values. At the start of a block, we know the current offset. We want to compute for T = offset+1 .. offset+c the counts of D0 >= T. This is equivalent to: for each element with D0 >= offset+1, its contribution to the reduction in each pass t (where t <= D0 - offset) is 1. So we can compute the cumulative reduction after t passes as: sum_{i: D0_i > offset} min(t, D0_i - offset). So if we have the sorted D0 values, we can compute prefix sums of D0 and counts. Specifically, let L be the list of D0 values sorted ascending. For a given offset, let idx be the first index where D0 > offset. Then for each element at position idx, its remaining D0 is D0 - offset. Then the total reduction after t passes is sum_{i=idx}^{end} min(t, D0_i - offset). This can be answered using prefix sums of the sorted array if we also know the cumulative sums. For each block, we need to compute this for t=1..c. Since c could be up to 2e5, we could compute the reduction incrementally: as t increases, we add 1 for each element with remaining D0 >= t. So the same as before. If we have the sorted list of remaining D0 (which is sorted in ascending order), then for t from 1 to c, the number of elements with remaining D0 >= t is simply the count of elements with D0 - offset >= t, which is a decreasing function. We can precompute an array of counts for each possible t? That would be too large. But we can compute the reduction for each t by iterating through the sorted list and updating a cumulative count. For each element with remaining D0 = r, it contributes 1 to passes 1 through r. So we can use a difference array: for each element, we add 1 to ans[1] and subtract 1 from ans[r+1]. Then the reduction in pass t is the cumulative sum of differences. So if we have the multiset of remaining D0 values, we can compute an array of length max_remaining (which could be up to N) of the number of elements with remaining >= t, then compute prefix sums for passes. Since the total remaining D0 values across all blocks could be large (sum of remaining D0 over all blocks is total reduction, which can be up to O(N^2)), but we are processing each block individually. In a block, the sum of remaining D0 values is the number of swaps in that block, which could be large. However, we can compute the array of size c (the number of passes in the block) by using the fact that the remaining D0 values are just D0 - offset, and D0 values are sorted. We can generate the counts for t from 1 to c by iterating over the sorted list and using an index. Specifically, let sorted_D0 be sorted ascending. Let idx = first index with D0 > offset. Then for t=1, count = len - idx (all with D0 > offset). For t=2, count = len - idx2 where idx2 is first index with D0 > offset+1, etc. As t increases, idx_t moves forward. So we can compute all counts by a single pass through the sorted list while increasing t. Since c may be up to 2e5, and the number of elements in sorted list is up to k (<=2e5), the total time for a block is O(k + c) which could be O(N+M) per block? But k is the current prefix size, which could be as large as N. If we have many blocks (e.g., N blocks), total could be O(N^2). However, note that k increases over blocks, but the total sum of k over all blocks is O(N^2) in worst case if each block has k=N. But if we have many blocks, c may be small, but k large. So we need to avoid O(k) per block.

But maybe we can maintain the sorted list of D0 values dynamically using a binary indexed tree. Since D0 values are integers, we can maintain a BIT over the D0 value domain (0..N). We need to support: adding a new element with D0=0 (point update), and range add +1 to D0 for a suffix of values (by key). This again requires updating the BIT for each element's D0 change. However, we can use a trick: the range add +1 to D0 for all values > v is equivalent to increasing the D0 of those elements. Since we only need the distribution of D0, and we have N range adds, the total number of D0 increments could be large. But perhaps we can use a "lazy" approach: we don't update the BIT for each increment individually; instead, we maintain the D0 values themselves as we originally stored, and when we need to query the distribution, we compute the counts using the fact that D0 is the number of smaller elements to the right, which can be computed from the original permutation using a BIT over positions. For a given prefix size k, we could compute D0 for all elements in O(k log k) using a BIT (by scanning from right to left). Since we have to do this for each block, total O(N^2 log N) worst-case. But maybe we can avoid recomputing from scratch by using the fact that we only need the sorted D0 values, and we can maintain them incrementally using a data structure that supports "add 1 to all elements in a suffix" and "insert 0". This is exactly the same as before.

At this point, I think the only feasible way to achieve O((N+M) log N) is to use a treap with lazy propagation and also maintain a Fenwick tree that stores the D0 values frequencies. To update the Fenwick tree when a range add is applied, we would need to know each element's D0 before and after, which is exactly the problem. However, we can use the treap to lazily update the D0 values, and then when we need to answer queries for a block, we can extract the D0 values from the treap? Again O(k) per block.

Maybe we can process the queries offline by taking advantage of the fact that we only need to output inversion counts after each operation, and we can compute them by processing the operations in order and maintaining a data structure that directly gives the inversion count without needing D0 distribution. Could we use a segment tree that stores the array and supports "range swap" operations? Another idea: Since the operation is a bubble pass, we can simulate it with a "stack of decreasing values". For example, the bubble pass is equivalent to: For each element, if it is less than the next, it goes into a "output" sequence; if it is greater, it swaps. This is like a "stable" transform.

Let's try a different perspective: The sequence of operations is equivalent to sorting the permutation by a specific deterministic algorithm. Maybe we can compute the final inversion number after all operations using a formula, and then compute the intermediate ones by backtracking.

Given the time, I'm going to search for official solution or common solution. Since I cannot, I'll make an assumption: This problem can be solved by implementing the incremental D0 maintenance using a segment tree with range add and queries for count of D0 >= T, and it will run fast enough because the number of passes per block is not too high and the segment tree queries amortize to O(log N). Let's test with worst-case scenario: For a block with large k and large c, we will call count queries c times. Each count query on the segment tree may potentially visit many nodes. But we can optimize the count query by storing in each node the minimum and maximum D0 (adjusted by lazy). If the range of D0 values is large, many nodes will have min and max that span the threshold, so we may have to recurse to leaves. In the worst case, if all D0 values are equal to the threshold, then the query must visit all leaves, O(k). But then c could be O(N), leading to O(N^2). However, can the D0 values be all equal? Since D0 are inversion counts, they are not likely to be all equal, but could be. For a reverse sorted array, D0 values are 0,1,2,...,k-1, so they are all distinct. For a query threshold T, the number of elements with D0 >= T is roughly k-T. The segment tree query to count them would need to traverse many nodes. Specifically, to count the number of elements with value >= T in a range (0..k-1) with a segment tree, you can do it in O(log N) if you store a sorted list in each node (merge sort tree). But we need to support range adds, which would require updating the sorted lists, which is heavy.

Given the complexity, I suspect the intended solution uses a Fenwick tree to compute the inversion count after each operation by tracking only the "inversions that get resolved" through a different mechanism. Perhaps we can compute the number of swaps in operation k as the number of inversions that are "eliminated" when considering the new element and the "bubble" of larger elements. There might be a direct formula: The number of swaps in operation k is equal to the number of elements in the prefix that are greater than the new element and that appear before it, but that's just the number of inversions the new element has with the previous prefix. In sample, operation 4: new element=1, number of elements in prefix greater than 1 is 3 (3,2,4), but swaps were 2. So not that.

Another possibility: The number of swaps in operation k is the number of inversions in the prefix that are "adjacent" after some processing? Not.

Given the time, I'll try to implement a solution using a Fenwick tree to compute the initial inversion count, and then for each operation, simulate the bubble pass in O(N) time, but with the note that total swaps across all operations is O(N log N) due to some property? Let's test with a worst-case scenario: N=2e5, M=2e5, A_i = N for all i. Starting from a reverse sorted permutation, the first pass does about 2e5 swaps, second does 199999, and so on. After N passes, total swaps ~ O(N^2). But we only have 2e5 passes, so we would do 2e5 passes, each with many swaps, total O(N^2) ~ 4e10 swaps, impossible. So O(N) per pass is too slow.

Thus, we must use the D0 formula.

I think the correct approach is to maintain the D0 values using a Fenwick tree over the value domain, but with a twist: The range add can be performed by using a "difference array" on the D0 values themselves, but D0 values are not directly known. However, note that D0[v] = number of elements with value < v that appear after v. This can be computed if we know the positions. We could precompute for each element its "inversion count" in the full array, but that's not the same as the prefix.

Maybe we can process the operations in reverse order? That sometimes simplifies things. If we reverse the operations, we would be removing elements from the prefix and undoing bubble passes. Could that be easier? Possibly.

Given the difficulty, I'm going to look for a known solution online. Since this is a typical competitive programming problem, I recall that the problem might be "Bubblesort" from JOI or something. The solution often uses a segment tree to simulate the process and maintain the inversion number using a BIT. There is also a known technique: For each value, we can compute the number of times it is swapped to the right during the whole process, which is the number of smaller values that appear to its right and are added later. That can be computed using a BIT as we add values. Then the total number of swaps up to a certain point can be computed as the sum of these counts. But we need per operation.

Consider the following: When we perform operation k, the only swaps that happen involve the element at position k? Not exactly, but maybe we can compute the contribution of each element to the total swaps over all operations. The total number of swaps an element participates in as the larger element is equal to the number of smaller elements to its right that are added later. That is, for element at position i, its total rightward movement is the number of smaller elements that appear after i in the original permutation. That's exactly its inversion count. So total swaps across all operations is the total inversion number. But we need per operation.

Maybe we can compute the number of swaps that happen in each operation by considering the "bubbling" of the elements that are "active". Another idea: Since we know the total swaps each element experiences, and we know the order of operations, we could assign each swap to a specific operation based on the "depth" of the element. In bubble sort, the swaps for an element happen in passes 1 through d_i. So if we have the sequence of operations (passes on prefixes), we can map each element's d_i to a set of passes. But the passes are not full-length; they are on prefixes of varying length. However, an element only participates in passes that have length >= its current position. Its position changes as it moves right. So its d_i is not directly the number of passes it experiences, because it may not be included in all passes. For example, an element at the far right may not be included in early passes. So its effective number of passes is the number of passes with length >= its final position after each move. This is complex.

Given the time constraints, I'll try to search for a simpler solution. Perhaps the problem can be solved by noticing that the inversion number after each operation is simply the number of indices i such that P_i > i? That seems unlikely. Let's test sample: After operation 4, array [2,3,1,4,6,5], indices where P_i > i: i=2:3>2, i=3:1>3? no, i=5:6>5, i=6:5>6? no, so 2 inversions? Not 3.

Maybe it's the number of i where P_i > P_{i+1}? For [2,3,1,4,6,5], descents: (3,1) and (6,5) -> 2, not 3.

No.

Given the difficulty, I'm going to implement a solution that maintains the permutation as a list and uses a Fenwick tree to compute the inversion count after each operation by applying the bubble pass in a smarter way: We can apply the bubble pass by using a "deque" that stores the sequence and we can simulate the pass in O(number of inversions) per pass? That would be too much.

Let's reconsider the problem constraints. N and M are both up to 2e5. So we need an O((N+M) log N) solution. There must be a known data structure that can handle range add and query of counts above a threshold efficiently. I think using a segment tree with lazy addition and storing the sorted D0 values in each node, but updating sorted list when range add is expensive. However, we can use a "binary indexed tree of ordered statistics" by using a Fenwick tree where each node maintains a Balanced BST of D0 values. Then range add can be done by splitting the BSTs, but that's heavy.

Another approach: Since the operations are non-decreasing, we can process passes in order of k, and for each k, we only need to consider the new element. Perhaps the number of swaps in operation k can be computed by considering the number of inversions the new element has with the previous prefix, and also the "bubbling" of the maximum of the prefix. Let's denote the current prefix (after previous operations) as an array. Let's insert the new element at the end. The bubble pass on the prefix of size k will effectively perform a single "bubble" operation that moves the maximum to the end and also moves the new element left by one if it is smaller than its left neighbor. But we saw more swaps happen. However, note that the other swaps are caused by previously existing inversions that are being resolved. In fact, the bubble pass resolves all inversions that are currently "adjacent" in the sense that they are part of a descending run. The number of swaps is equal to the number of "descents" in the current prefix after the new element is placed? But not exactly.

Wait, maybe we can think of the process as: The operation k exactly transforms the prefix into a "heap-like" structure where the maximum is at the end, and the rest is the result of applying the same operation recursively? Possibly we can use a stack to simulate the effect in O(k) time per operation, but we could use a "potential" argument to amortize the total cost. In many problems, the total number of operations across all passes is O(N log N) because each element moves right a limited number of times. But as we saw, total moves can be O(N^2). However, here the passes are on prefixes, and elements move right only when they are the larger in a comparison. In the worst case, an element could move right many times, but note that as it moves right, its value becomes smaller relative to the values to its right? Actually, it moves right past smaller elements, so after moving, it is now to the right of those smaller elements, so its inversion count decreases. Over the entire process, each element can move right at most its inversion count, which could be O(N). So total moves is O(N^2). So amortized arguments won't help.

Given the time, I think the only way to proceed is to implement the treap with lazy addition and use the segment tree-like count query that might still be fast enough in practice because the D0 values are random and the queries might not degenerate. In contest, many solutions might use a segment tree with "count of values >= X" using a technique where they maintain a BIT over D0 values and update it when D0 changes, but they use the fact that range add can be handled by a Fenwick tree that stores the "value" of each element and we can compute the distribution by offline processing? I'm stuck.

Let's try to search for the problem online in my memory: It might be "ABC 273 Ex" or "ABC 252 Ex"? Not sure.

Another idea: Since we only need the inversion count after each operation, and we have the initial inversion count, we can compute the number of swaps in each operation as the number of i such that the condition P_i > P_{i+1} holds at the start of the operation? But we saw that after swaps, new inversions appear, so the total swaps is not just the initial descents. However, perhaps the number of swaps in operation k is exactly the number of indices i in [1,k-1] where P_i > P_{i+1} in the initial permutation of the prefix? That is not true because the prefix changes due to previous operations.

Given the difficulty, I'll try to implement a solution using a BIT to maintain the current D0 values and use a binary indexed tree to count frequencies, but we need to handle range updates. There is a data structure called "Fenwick tree with range updates and point queries" that can maintain an array D0. But to maintain frequencies, we need to know each element's D0 to update the frequency when it changes. However, we might be able to compute the frequency distribution from scratch each time we need it, using the fact that D0 values can be computed quickly from the current array via a BIT over values and positions? For the current prefix after some passes, the inversion counts D_curr = max(0, D0 - offset). So if we know D0, we can compute D_curr. So if we can compute D0 for all current elements quickly at the start of each block, we can then use that to answer the block's queries. To compute D0 for all elements in the prefix, we could do a pass over the prefix in its current state to compute inversion counts? That would be O(k log k) per block, which summed over blocks could be O(N^2). But maybe we can compute D0 values using a BIT while adding elements incrementally, as we already considered. So we are back.

I think we must accept that maintaining D0 with range adds is necessary. Let's design a viable data structure: Use a Fenwick tree over the value domain to store the D0 values. But we need to support range add (suffix) and point query (to know D0 for a specific value). We can maintain a Fenwick tree for range add and point query easily: we store a difference array in the BIT, so that adding 1 to a suffix [v+1, N] is done by adding 1 at v+1 and subtracting something? Typically, for range add and point query, we can use BIT with point updates and prefix sum queries. To add to range [l, r], we do add(l, delta) and add(r+1, -delta). Then point query is prefix sum. So we can maintain an array diff such that D0[value] = prefix sum up to value. This allows us to get D0 for any value in O(log N). Good. Now we need to also maintain the frequency distribution of D0 values. Since D0 changes over time (due to range adds), we would need to update the frequency distribution for each value when its D0 changes. But we cannot update each value individually because range adds affect many values. However, note that the range adds are always suffix adds of +1. So the D0 values of all values in the suffix are increased by 1. If we maintain the frequency distribution as a histogram over D0, then a suffix add causes a shift in the histogram: every element in the suffix has its D0 increased by 1, so the counts of D0 values shift. Specifically, if we have a frequency array F[d] = number of elements with current D0 = d, then after adding 1 to D0 for all elements in the suffix, we need to adjust F: for each element in the suffix, its D0 increases by 1, so we decrement F[old_d] and increment F[old_d+1]. This would be O(number of elements in suffix) if done naively. However, we can use a lazy offset for the D0 values of elements in the suffix, similar to what we did for passes. That is, we can maintain a global offset for all elements? But the suffix is not the whole set. We could maintain a "segment tree" that stores for each value its D0, and we also maintain a lazy addition tag for each node that indicates how much to add to all D0 in that subtree. Then the D0 of an element is its base value plus lazy tags along the path. So we can have a segment tree where each leaf stores the base D0 (which might be 0 initially). When we do a suffix add of +1, we update the segment tree nodes covering that suffix with a lazy increment. Then, to maintain the frequency distribution, we need to update the histogram accordingly. However, we can instead use the segment tree to answer count queries directly: given a threshold T, count number of elements with D0 >= T. If we have lazy tags, we can adjust the condition. The segment tree can store in each node the minimum and maximum D0 in that node (considering lazy). Then, as before, we can traverse to count. This might be acceptably fast if we prune well. Let's analyze the number of nodes visited in a typical count query. In a segment tree, to count the number of leaves with value >= T, we need to
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
