=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string s.
A string t is called good if all characters of t occur the same number of times.
You can perform the following operations any number of times:

Delete a character from s.
Insert a character in s.
Change a character in s to its next letter in the alphabet.

Note that you cannot change 'z' to 'a' using the third operation.
Return the minimum number of operations required to make s good.
 
Example 1:

Input: s = "acab"
Output: 1
Explanation:
We can make s good by deleting one occurrence of character 'a'.

Example 2:

Input: s = "wddw"
Output: 0
Explanation:
We do not need to perform any operations since s is initially good.

Example 3:

Input: s = "aaabc"
Output: 2
Explanation:
We can make s good by applying these operations:

Change one occurrence of 'a' to 'b'
Insert one occurrence of 'c' into s


 
Constraints:

3 <= s.length <= 2 * 10^4
s contains only lowercase English letters.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def makeStringGood(self, s: str) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, I'm trying to solve this problem where I need to make a string "good". A string is good if all characters in it occur the same number of times. I can perform three types of operations: delete a character, insert a character, or change a character to the next letter in the alphabet. I need to find the minimum number of operations required.

First, I'll break down what it means for a string to be good. For example, "wddw" is good because 'w' and 'd' each appear twice. Similarly, "acab" can be made good by deleting one 'a' so that 'a' appears once and 'c' and 'b' also appear once.

The operations allowed are:
1. Delete a character: This reduces the count of a specific character by one.
2. Insert a character: This increases the count of a specific character by one.
3. Change a character to the next letter: This changes one occurrence of a character to the next in the alphabet, which might help balance counts.

I need to find the minimum operations to make the string good. Since the string length can be up to 20,000, I need an efficient solution.

I think the problem can be approached by considering the frequency counts of the characters. Let me denote the frequency of each character as an array or dictionary. But the condition is that all characters must have the same frequency. However, note that we can also change characters, which might change the frequency of two different letters (if we change 'a' to 'b', then frequency of 'a' decreases by 1 and frequency of 'b' increases by 1).

So, the operations can be thought of as:
- Delete: Remove one occurrence of a character, which effectively reduces its count.
- Insert: Add one occurrence of a character, increasing its count.
- Change: Swap the count from one letter to the next.

But note that the change operation can be used to transform one character into another. So, if we have a lot of 'a's and few 'b's, we might change some 'a's to 'b's to balance.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: we want to have a target frequency (let's say f) that all characters will have. Then, for each character, we can adjust its frequency to f by deleting or inserting. But wait, the target frequency isn't fixed; we can choose any frequency that is achievable.

Actually, the target frequency must be a divisor of the total length? Not necessarily. For example, if we have "aaabc", the total length is 5. We can choose to make all characters appear 1 time (then we need 5 distinct characters) or 5/5=1, or maybe 2, but then the length would be 2 * number of distinct characters. Actually, the condition is that the string must have a common frequency for all characters. The length of the string after operations (which can change the length by inserts and deletes) must be equal to the common frequency multiplied by the number of distinct characters that are present (if we consider only the characters that are present, then the total length must be the common frequency times the number of distinct characters). 

But note: we can change the distinct set by changing a character to the next one, which might merge two groups or split one.

This seems complex. Maybe we can use a graph or network flow approach? Or perhaps we can use dynamic programming?

Alternatively, we can consider that the operations can be used to adjust the frequencies. The goal is to have all frequencies equal. The total number of operations is the sum of the absolute differences from the target frequency, but with the ability to change characters (which can transfer counts from one character to another) and insert/delete (which can change the total length).

But note: the change operation is essentially a transfer from one character to the next. So, if we change an 'a' to 'b', then we are effectively moving one count from 'a' to 'b'. Similarly, we can change 'b' to 'a' (if we are allowed to go backwards? The problem says: "Change a character in s to its next letter in the alphabet." So only forward. So we can't change 'b' to 'a', but we can change 'a' to 'b', then 'b' to 'c', etc.

This operation is unidirectional. So, we can only move counts from a lower letter to a higher letter.

But wait, the problem allows deletion and insertion as well. So, we can also remove or add characters arbitrarily.

So, the problem is: given a multiset of counts for 26 letters, we can:
- Delete one occurrence of a letter (cost 1)
- Insert one occurrence of a letter (cost 1)
- Change a letter to the next one (cost 1), but only if the change is from a lower to a higher letter.

We need to make the string such that all letters that are present have the same frequency (and letters that are not present are not considered). The total operations should be minimized.

One idea: we can choose a target frequency f. Then, we need to adjust the counts of each letter to be either 0 or f (if we are going to have a common frequency f, then we can either keep a letter and set its count to f, or remove it entirely). But note, we can also change a letter to the next one, which might help in achieving a common frequency.

But the change operation is only forward. So, if we have a letter that is too high in count, we can only change some of its occurrences to the next letters (if they exist) to reduce its count and increase the next letter's count. But then, the next letter might have a count that is too high or too low.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: we want to have a multiset of counts (for the 26 letters) such that all counts are equal (to some value) and the counts are non-negative. We can adjust the counts by the three operations, and we want the minimum operations.

But the operations are:
- Delete: subtract 1 from a count (cost 1)
- Insert: add 1 to a count (cost 1)
- Change: for a specific occurrence (i.e., subtract 1 from a count and add 1 to the next count) (cost 1)

Note that the change operation is essentially a transfer from one letter to the next, and it can only be done for a letter that is not 'z' (since 'z' cannot change to 'a').

But the problem is that the target common frequency is not fixed. So, we need to choose a target frequency and then adjust the counts.

Actually, the problem is similar to: given a multiset of integers (frequencies) and the ability to transfer a unit from one integer to the next (in a fixed sequence: a->b, b->c, ..., y->z) with a cost, and also the ability to add or remove a unit from any integer with a cost, what is the minimum operations to make all integers equal?

But note: the operations are independent. We can also choose to set some counts to zero (by deleting) and then the rest must be equal.

But wait, the condition is that the string is good if all characters that are present have the same frequency. So, if we have a character with 0 frequency, we can ignore it. So, we don't necessarily need to have all 26 letters with the same frequency, only the ones that are present.

This complicates things because the set of letters that are present can change.

But note: the change operation can change a letter to the next one, so we can merge two letters (if we change all occurrences of a letter to the next one, then the two letters become one). However, we can also change a letter multiple times (e.g., a->b->c->d). 

But the problem is asking for the minimum operations. 

I think a better approach is to consider the following:

1. We can only change a character to the next one, so the counts can only be transferred from a letter to a higher letter (in the alphabet). 

2. The goal is to have all non-zero counts equal.

We can consider that we are going to "normalize" the counts to a target value. But the target value is not fixed.

Another idea: use a greedy or dynamic programming approach over the 26 letters, considering the frequency counts and the transfers.

But the state space is 26 letters, each with a frequency from 0 to (original frequency or maybe higher due to inserts) but that's too big.

Alternatively, we can use a two-dimensional DP: one dimension for the current letter (from 'a' to 'z') and the other for the current target frequency? But the target frequency is not known.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: we are allowed to adjust the frequencies with three operations, and we want to minimize the total operations so that the multiset of frequencies (for the letters that are present) are all equal.

But note: we can also remove or add entire letters (by deleting all occurrences or inserting). 

Actually, the problem is similar to the problem of making a multiset of numbers equal by adding, removing, or transferring (with cost) between adjacent numbers (only forward transfers allowed). 

This is a typical problem that can be solved by "difference array" and then dynamic programming. But the transfers are only forward (like a->b, b->c, etc.), so we can only transfer from a lower letter to a higher one.

Let me restate: We have 26 buckets (letters 'a' to 'z'). Each bucket has an initial count (from the string). We can:
- Remove one from any bucket (cost 1)
- Add one to any bucket (cost 1)
- Remove one from a bucket and add one to the next bucket (cost 1) provided the bucket is not 'z'

We want to make the counts of all buckets that are non-zero equal (to some value, say x). We can also set some buckets to zero.

But note: the operations are independent and the goal is to minimize the total cost.

This is a complex optimization problem.

Let me consider a different perspective: 

We are allowed to change the string arbitrarily (with the given operations) to a string that is good. The good string must have all characters with the same frequency.

What are the possible good strings? They must have a common frequency f, and the length of the string (after operations) must be a multiple of the number of distinct characters (say k) that have frequency f. Actually, the length is k * f.

But note: the operations can change the length (insert/delete) and the distinct set (change). 

But the problem is asking for the minimum operations.

We can consider that we are going to choose a target frequency f and a target distinct set (which is a subset of 26 letters). Then, for each letter, we can adjust its count to either 0 or f (if we choose to keep the letter, then its count must be f, otherwise 0). But also, we can change a letter to the next one (if we have an 'a', we can change it to 'b', which might help in achieving the target for 'b').

But note: the change operation is only forward. So, we can only convert a letter to a higher one, not the other way.

This is similar to a matching problem between the initial counts and the target counts, with the ability to shift counts forward (at a cost of 1 per shift) and the ability to adjust counts by adding or removing (also at cost 1 per unit).

But the target is: we want to have a set of letters (a subset of 26) each with count f, and the total length is (number of distinct letters) * f.

But the distinct set we choose must be such that we can "route" the initial counts (via forward shifts) to these distinct letters, and then adjust the counts to be exactly f for each.

But the problem is: we don't know f and the distinct set.

Alternatively, we can consider that the final string must have a common frequency f, and the distinct set is arbitrary (but only the letters that are reachable by forward shifts from the initial distinct set? Actually, no: we can change any character to the next, so we can "upgrade" a character to any higher letter, but we cannot downgrade.

But note: we can also delete or insert arbitrarily. So, the distinct set can be any subset of the 26 letters, as long as we can "create" the counts for the chosen letters by shifting from lower letters.

But the shifting is only forward. So, if we want to have a letter 'c' in the target, then we can use 'a' and 'b' to shift to 'c' (if we have extra 'a' and 'b', we can change them to 'c').

Actually, the problem can be modeled as:

We have 26 letters, each with an initial count (from the string). We can perform three types of operations. We want to achieve a state where there is a set of letters (say S) such that for each letter in S, the count is f, and for letters not in S, the count is 0. The cost is the sum of:
- The absolute differences (for each letter) between the initial count and the final count (if we don't use any shifts, then we can delete or insert to adjust the count to 0 or f) 
- Plus the cost of shifting (each shift counts as 1) from a letter to a higher one.

But note: we can also use shifts to move counts from a lower letter to a higher one, which might help in reducing the deletions and insertions.

Actually, the operations are independent: 
- Inserting a character: cost 1, adds one to a bucket.
- Deleting: cost 1, removes one from a bucket.
- Changing: cost 1, removes one from a bucket and adds one to the next bucket.

We can combine these: for example, to increase the count of a higher letter, we can either insert or change from the previous letter (if available). Similarly, to decrease a lower letter, we can either delete or change to the next letter.

But the problem is: we want to set all chosen letters (in S) to f and the rest to 0, with minimal cost.

This is a classic problem that can be solved by DP over the letters (from 'a' to 'z') and considering the net flow (surplus or deficit) for each letter.

But note: the shifting is only forward, so the flow is unidirectional.

We can use the following approach:

1. Let n = length of s.
2. We'll have an array freq[26] for the frequencies of 'a' to 'z'.

3. We need to choose a target frequency f and a set S (subset of 26) such that the total operations is minimized.

But the target frequency f must be such that the total length (n + (inserts - deletes)) is equal to |S| * f. 

But we can choose the operations arbitrarily, so we can choose f and S arbitrarily (as long as the total length is a multiple of |S| and the counts are non-negative). But the minimal operations might not require a fixed f.

Alternatively, note that the final string must have a common frequency f. The minimal operations might be achieved by choosing f appropriately.

But the state space for f and S is huge.

Another idea: 

We can consider that the operations (insert, delete, change) are independent and we can think of the problem as: we want to "balance" the counts. The goal is to have all non-zero counts equal.

We can use a greedy approach: 

- We can only increase a count by inserting or by changing a lower letter to this letter (if the letter is higher than the source).
- We can only decrease a count by deleting or by changing to a higher letter.

But the problem is that we can do operations in any order and we can choose the target frequency.

Alternatively, we can use a two-step approach:

1. First, we can use change operations to "normalize" the counts: we can change some characters to higher letters to balance the counts. Then, we can delete or insert the rest.

But the minimal operations might require a combination.

Let me consider a simpler problem: 

Suppose we want to make the string good by only deleting and inserting (without changing). Then, we can choose a target frequency f and a target distinct set S (subset of the letters that are present or can be formed by shifting? Actually, without changing, we cannot form new letters from lower ones; we can only delete and insert). Then, for each letter, we can set its count to 0 or f (if we set it to f, then we must adjust its count by deleting or inserting). The minimal operations would be the sum over each letter of the absolute difference between the initial count and the target count (if we set the letter to f) or to 0 (if we set it to 0). But then, the total length must be |S| * f.

But then, we can choose f and S arbitrarily (with the constraint that the total length (n + (inserts - deletes)) is |S| * f). 

But note: without changing, we cannot change the distinct set. So S must be a subset of the initial distinct letters.

But with changing allowed, we can also change the distinct set: for example, we can change some 'a's to 'b's, so the distinct set can expand (if we change a letter to a higher one, then the higher one's count increases and the lower one's count decreases). 

But the problem is that the change operation is unidirectional and can be used multiple times. 

Actually, we can consider the following: 

We are allowed to do three operations. We can view the change operation as a way to transfer counts from a lower letter to a higher one. Then, the problem becomes: 

We have 26 buckets (a to z) with initial counts. We can:
- Remove one from any bucket (cost 1)
- Add one to any bucket (cost 1)
- Remove one from a bucket and add one to the next bucket (cost 1) for buckets that are not 'z'

We want to set all buckets that are non-zero to the same value f (and set buckets to 0 if we don't want them). The minimal cost.

This is a typical "water pouring" or "flow" problem on a line (from 'a' to 'z') with the ability to add/remove water (at cost) and shift water to the right (at cost).

We can use dynamic programming, where the state is (i, j): i is the current letter (from 0 to 25) and j is the current surplus (or deficit) we have for the entire system? But that state space is too big.

Alternatively, we can use a greedy approach: 

1. We can consider that we want to have a target frequency f. Then, we need to have a total length (n + (inserts - deletes)) equal to k * f, where k is the number of distinct letters we choose (non-zero in the end). 

But note: we can change the distinct set arbitrarily (by shifting) so k can be any number from 1 to 26, and f can be any positive integer (but the total length must be k * f).

But the minimal operations might be achieved by a small k and a moderate f.

But the problem is that the initial counts are fixed, and we can shift counts forward (only) and add/delete.

Another idea: 

We can use a "difference array" for the 26 letters and then use DP to compute the minimal cost to balance the counts. 

Let me define:

Let dp[i][j] = minimal cost to have processed the first i letters (from 'a' to the i-th letter) and having a cumulative surplus (or deficit) of j (where j is the net change from insertions and deletions and shifts) but that doesn't directly relate.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: 

We want to assign to each letter a final count (either 0 or f) and then compute the cost to adjust the initial counts to the final counts, considering that we can shift counts from a letter to the next one (at cost 1 per shift) and also add or remove counts (at cost 1 per count).

But then, we must choose f and the set of letters that have count f.

This is a two-level optimization problem.

But note: the total number of distinct letters in the final string is k, and the total length is k * f. The total initial length is n. The net change (inserts - deletes) must be k * f - n.

But the cost is the sum over letters of the absolute difference (if we don't use shifts) plus the cost of shifting. But shifting is a way to adjust the counts.

Actually, we can separate the problem into two parts:

1. Determine the target frequency f and the target distinct set S (subset of 26).
2. Compute the minimal operations to transform the initial counts to the target counts (each letter in S has count f, others 0).

The operations include:
- Insertions and deletions: cost 1 per operation.
- Changes (shifts): cost 1 per operation, and only from a letter to the next.

But note: we can also change a letter multiple times. For example, to increase the count of 'c', we can change 'a' to 'b' and then 'b' to 'c'. Each change costs 1.

But then, the cost for shifting is independent of the initial count? Actually, each shift operation is a change from one letter to the next, and it affects the counts.

This is a complex resource allocation problem.

Given the complexity and constraints (n up to 20000), we need an efficient solution.

I recall a similar problem: "Minimum Cost to Make Array Beautiful" or "Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing" but with a twist.

But perhaps we can use a greedy method:

1. Count the frequency of each letter.

2. We can consider that the target frequency f must be an integer. The total length after operations (n + (inserts - deletes)) must be a multiple of k (the number of distinct letters we keep). 

But we are free to choose k and f.

We can try to find the minimal operations by iterating over possible target frequencies and distinct sets. But that is too expensive.

Another idea: 

Instead of fixing f and S, we can use a different approach: 

We want to minimize the operations. Each operation (insert, delete, change) costs 1. 

Note that a change operation is a combination of deleting one from a letter and inserting one in the next letter. So, the net effect of a change is to transfer one count from a letter to the next. 

We can view the problem as: 

We have an initial multiset of counts (for 26 letters). We can:
- Add or remove any number of counts (at cost 1 per count)
- Shift a count from a letter to the next (at cost 1 per count)

And we want to achieve a multiset where all counts are either 0 or a common value f, and the total length is k * f.

But note: the shifting is only forward, so we can only take counts from a letter and give them to a higher letter.

This is similar to the problem of balancing a histogram with transfer allowed only to the right.

We can use a DP that goes from 'a' to 'z' and at each letter, we decide how many counts to keep (either 0 or f) and then the rest must be shifted to the right (if any). But we don't know f.

Alternatively, we can use a greedy method: 

- Start from 'a' and move to 'z'. 
- At each letter, we can accumulate a surplus (counts that are above the target) and then shift them to the next letter (at cost). Or we can leave them as surplus for later (if we don't have a target for the next letters).

But then, the target f is not fixed.

Another idea: 

We can consider that the final string must have a common frequency f. The minimal operations might be achieved by choosing f as the median or mean of the frequencies? But not necessarily.

Let me try to think of small examples:

Example 1: s = "acab" -> delete one 'a': becomes "acb" (each letter once). Operations: 1.

Example 2: s = "wddw" -> already good. Operations: 0.

Example 3: s = "aaabc" -> change one 'a' to 'b' (cost 1) and insert one 'c' (cost 1). Total 2.

But note: we could also delete two 'a's and insert one 'c' and one 'b'? That would be 3 operations, which is worse.

Another example: s = "aabbbc" 
Frequency: a:2, b:3, c:1.
We can change one 'b' to 'c' (cost 1) so we have a:2, b:2, c:2. That's 1 operation.

But also, we could delete one 'b' and one 'c' and insert two 'a's? That would be 3 operations.

So the change operation is beneficial.

Now, consider if we have s = "aabbcc". This is already good (each letter twice). So 0 operations.

But if s = "aabbc", then we have a:2, b:2, c:1. We can insert one 'c' (cost 1) to make it good. Or change one 'b' to 'c' (cost 1). Both are 1.

Now, consider s = "aabbccd". This is good (each letter 2 times) so 0 operations.

But if s = "aabbcdd", then we have a:2, b:2, c:1, d:2. We can change one 'c' to 'd' (cost 1) to make all 2.

But if s = "aabbcde", then we have a:2, b:2, c:1, d:1, e:1. We can change one 'a' to 'b' (cost 1) and then we have a:1, b:3, c:1, d:1, e:1. Then we need to adjust b from 3 to 1: delete two 'b's (cost 2) -> total 3. Alternatively, insert two 'c's and two 'd's and two 'e's? That would be 6. Or change two 'a's to 'b's and then delete two 'b's? That's 2 + 2 = 4. Or change one 'a' to 'b' and then change one 'b' to 'c', one 'b' to 'd', one 'b' to 'e'? But then we have a:1, b:1, c:2, d:2, e:2. Then we need to delete the extra c, d, e: 3 operations, total 1 (change a to b) + 3 = 4.

Actually, the minimal operations for "aabbcde" is 3: 
- Change one 'a' to 'b' (cost 1) -> a:1, b:3, c:1, d:1, e:1.
- Then, we can change one 'b' to 'c' (cost 1) -> a:1, b:2, c:2, d:1, e:1.
- Then, change one 'b' to 'd' (cost 1) -> a:1, b:1, c:2, d:2, e:1.
- Then, change one 'c' to 'e' (cost 1) -> a:1, b:1, c:1, d:2, e:2.
This is 4.

Alternatively, after changing one 'a' to 'b', we have a:1, b:3, c:1, d:1, e:1. Then, we can delete one 'b' and insert one 'e' (cost 2) -> a:1, b:2, c:1, d:1, e:2. Then change one 'a' to 'e' (cost 1) -> a:0, b:2, c:1, d:1, e:3. Then change one 'e' to 'f' (cost 1) -> but then we introduce 'f'. 

This is getting messy.

Given the complexity, I think a better approach is to use a flow-like DP or a greedy method that processes the letters from 'a' to 'z' and decides the final frequency f and the net operations.

But after some thought, I found a potential solution:

We can consider that the final string must have a common frequency f. The total length after operations is L = k * f, where k is the number of distinct letters (non-zero) in the final string.

We can choose any f and any subset of 26 letters (but the shifting is only forward, so if we want to have a letter 'x' in the final string, then we must have enough counts in the letters from 'a' to 'x' to supply the count for 'x' (via shifts) or we can insert).

Actually, the shifting is only forward, so to have a count in a letter 'x', we can use the initial counts of 'x' and also counts from letters 'a' to 'x-1' that are shifted to 'x'.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
class Solution:
    def makeStringGood(self, s: str) -> int:
        from collections import Counter
        freq = Counter(s)
        n = len(s)
        # We'll consider possible target frequencies and distinct sets.
        # But note: the total length after operations must be a multiple of the number of distinct letters.
        # We can try to find the minimal operations by iterating over possible distinct sets and target frequencies.
        # But that is too expensive.

        # Alternatively, we can use a greedy method: 
        # We can only shift counts forward, so we can only increase the count of a letter by shifting from lower letters.
        # We want to minimize the operations.

        # Let's consider that we can choose a target frequency f and a target distinct set S (subset of 26).
        # The total length will be |S| * f.
        # The cost is the sum of:
        #   - The absolute difference between the initial count and the target count for each letter (if we don't use shifts) 
        #   - Plus the cost of shifting (each shift costs 1) to move counts from lower letters to higher ones.

        # But note: the shifting can be used to reduce the need for insertions and deletions.

        # However, the state space is too large.

        # Another idea: use a DP that goes from 'a' to 'z' and at each letter, we decide how many counts to keep (either 0 or f) and then the rest must be shifted to the next letter (if any). But we don't know f.

        # After research, I recall that a similar problem is solved by "difference array" and then using a greedy matching.

        # But given the time, I'll implement a solution that might not be optimal but works for small cases.

        # We can try all possible target frequencies f from 1 to n (since the final length is at least 1 and at most n + n = 2*n? Actually, the final length is k * f, and k is at most 26, so f can be from 1 to n//1 (if k=1) or n//26 (if k=26). But n is up to 20000, so we can't iterate over all f.

        # Alternatively, we can use a different approach: 

        # Let's consider that the minimal operations is the sum of the absolute differences between the initial counts and the final counts (for each letter) divided by 2 (because each change operation can be seen as a way to balance two counts) but that is not accurate.

        # Given the complexity, I decide to use a known solution for a similar problem: 

        # We can use a DP that considers the net flow (surplus or deficit) for each letter and then use a greedy matching from 'a' to 'z'.

        # But after some thought, I found that the problem is equivalent to: 

        # We have 26 letters. We can add or remove any number of counts (at cost 1 per count) and we can shift a count from a letter to the next (at cost 1). We want to make all counts equal (to 0 or a common value f) with minimal cost.

        # This is a linear programming problem, but we need an integer solution.

        # However, there is a known solution for a similar problem: "Minimum Cost to Make Array Beautiful" but with a twist.

        # Due to the complexity and time constraints, I decide to output a solution that works for small strings (n <= 26) but not for larger ones.

        # But the constraint is n up to 20000.

        # I must find an efficient solution.

        # After further research, I found that the problem can be solved by considering the following:

        # Let's define an array a[0..25] for the initial counts.
        # We can only shift from a[i] to a[i+1] (cost 1 per shift).
        # We want to make all a[i] equal (to 0 or a common value) with minimal cost.

        # This is a classic problem that can be solved by dynamic programming with state (i, j) where i is the current letter and j is the current net surplus (or deficit) that has been carried over from previous letters. But the state space is too large.

        # Another idea: use a greedy method that processes the letters from 'a' to 'z' and at each letter, you can either:
        #   - Delete all counts that are above the target (if any)
        #   - Or shift them to the next letter.
        # But the target is not known.

        # Given the time, I decide to use a heuristic: 

        # We can try to find the target frequency f