=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given two integers n and m that consist of the same number of digits.
You can perform the following operations any number of times:

Choose any digit from n that is not 9 and increase it by 1.
Choose any digit from n that is not 0 and decrease it by 1.

The integer n must not be a prime number at any point, including its original value and after each operation.
The cost of a transformation is the sum of all values that n takes throughout the operations performed.
Return the minimum cost to transform n into m. If it is impossible, return -1.
 
Example 1:

Input: n = 10, m = 12
Output: 85
Explanation:
We perform the following operations:

Increase the first digit, now n = 20.
Increase the second digit, now n = 21.
Increase the second digit, now n = 22.
Decrease the first digit, now n = 12.


Example 2:

Input: n = 4, m = 8
Output: -1
Explanation:
It is impossible to make n equal to m.

Example 3:

Input: n = 6, m = 2
Output: -1
Explanation: 
Since 2 is already a prime, we can't make n equal to m.

 
Constraints:

1 <= n, m < 10^4
n and m consist of the same number of digits.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def minOperations(self, n: int, m: int) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, I'm trying to solve this problem where I have to transform an integer n into m using specific operations, and the integer must never be a prime number at any step. The operations allowed are: increasing a digit that isn't 9 by 1, or decreasing a digit that isn't 0 by 1. The cost is the sum of all the values that n takes during the operations, and I need to find the minimum cost. If it's impossible, return -1.

First, I need to understand the constraints. Both n and m have the same number of digits, and they're between 1 and 9999 (since n and m are less than 10^4). So, they can be 1-digit, 2-digit, 3-digit, or 4-digit numbers.

The operations are digit-wise. For example, if n is 10, I can increase the first digit (from 1 to 2) to get 20, or decrease the second digit (from 0, but wait, 0 is not allowed to be decreased because the operation says "not 0", so actually for 10, the second digit is 0, so I can't decrease it. Similarly, increasing the second digit (0) is allowed because it's not 9? Wait, no: the operation for increasing requires the digit not to be 9, but for decreasing, the digit must not be 0. So, in the example, they increased the first digit (from 1 to 2) and then the second digit (from 0 to 1 and then 2). But wait, in the operation, increasing a digit that is not 9 is allowed. So, 0 is allowed to be increased (since 0 != 9) but not decreased (since 0 is not allowed). 

So, the operations are independent per digit, but the entire number must not be prime at any step.

Now, the goal is to transform n to m with minimal cost. The cost is the sum of all intermediate numbers (including the original and the final). 

Let me consider the example: n=10, m=12. The steps are:
1. Start at 10 (cost 10). 10 is not prime (since 10 is composite). 
2. Increase first digit from 1 to 2: 20 (cost 20). 20 is composite.
3. Increase second digit from 0 to 1: 21 (cost 21). 21 is composite.
4. Increase second digit from 1 to 2: 22 (cost 22). 22 is composite.
5. Decrease first digit from 2 to 1: 12 (cost 12). 12 is composite.

Total cost: 10+20+21+22+12 = 85.

But wait, the example says output is 85, so that's correct.

Now, why can't we do it in fewer steps? For example, from 10, can we go directly to 12? But 11 is prime, so we can't have 11 in between. So the path must avoid primes.

So, the problem is similar to a shortest path in a graph where nodes are numbers (with the same number of digits as n and m) and edges exist if you can transform one number to another by one operation (and the intermediate number is not prime). But the graph is huge because numbers can be up to 4 digits (so 9000 nodes for 4-digit numbers, but actually we start from n and go towards m, and the operations are digit-wise, so the numbers we can reach are only those with the same number of digits, and the digits are from 0 to 9, but with constraints (for example, you can't decrease a digit that is 0, etc). But wait, n and m have the same number of digits, so we are confined to numbers with that many digits.

But 4-digit numbers: from 1000 to 9999, which is 9000 numbers. But the operations are independent per digit, so actually, the transformation is digit by digit. However, the entire number must not be prime. So, we have to check for primality for each intermediate number.

But note: the operations are on a digit, so the transformation from one number to another is only one digit changed. But the problem says: "Choose any digit from n that is not 9 and increase it by 1." or "decrease it by 1". So, each operation changes one digit by 1 (either up or down). 

But the cost is the sum of the numbers, not the number of operations. So, we need to minimize the sum of the numbers along the path.

This seems like a dynamic programming problem, but the state space is large (all numbers with same number of digits as n). However, the numbers are up to 4 digits, so 10^4 possibilities. But we have two numbers (n and m) with same number of digits, and we can only change one digit at a time (but actually, we can change any digit, and the operations are independent, so the path can be thought of as moving in a grid of digits, but the entire number must not be prime.

But the problem is: we start at n and want to reach m, and we can only change one digit at a time (each operation changes one digit by 1). And the cost is the sum of the numbers we go through.

But note: we can change digits independently, but the entire number must be composite (not prime) at each step.

This is similar to a shortest path problem in a graph where each node is a number (with same number of digits) and edges are between numbers that differ by one digit change (and the intermediate number is composite). But the graph is too big to build explicitly (for 4-digit numbers, 9000 nodes, and each node can have up to 4*2=8 neighbors, so 9000*8=72,000 edges, which is manageable). But wait, the problem says n and m have the same number of digits, and we are only allowed to change one digit at a time. But the operations are independent, so we can change any digit, but the entire number must not be prime.

But 9000 nodes is acceptable for a BFS or Dijkstra? But the cost is the sum of the numbers, so actually, we are accumulating a cost that is the sum of the numbers, and we want to minimize that. So, we are looking for a path from n to m (without stepping on primes) that minimizes the sum of the numbers on the path.

But note: the operations can be done in any order, and the digits can be changed independently, but the entire number must be composite at each step.

But the problem is: we are allowed to change any digit (as long as the digit is not 9 for increasing, or not 0 for decreasing). So, for example, from 10, we can change the first digit (from 1 to 2) to get 20, or change the second digit (from 0 to 1) to get 11, but 11 is prime, so that's not allowed.

So, the problem is: find a path from n to m (via composite numbers) such that the sum of the numbers on the path is minimized.

But the state space is the set of numbers with the same number of digits as n. The number of states is 9 * 10^(digits-1) to 10^digits - 1. For 4-digit numbers, that's 9000 states. We can do a BFS or Dijkstra? But the cost is the sum of the numbers, and the operations are additive. Actually, the cost is the sum of the numbers we visit, so if we have a path that goes through more numbers, the cost might be higher even if the individual steps are small.

But note: we can change digits independently, so the path might be broken down by digit. But the entire number must be composite, so the constraint is global.

But the operations are independent, so we can consider each digit separately? Actually, no, because the primality test depends on the entire number.

But we can use a Dijkstra-like algorithm: states are numbers (with the same number of digits as n). We start at n (if n is composite, otherwise we cannot start, so return -1). Then, from each state, we consider all possible operations (each digit that can be increased or decreased, but not going out of bounds (0-9) and the resulting number must be composite. Then, we relax the cost (the sum of the numbers) and the state (the number).

But the state space is 9000 for 4-digit numbers, which is acceptable. But wait, the problem says n and m have the same number of digits, and the numbers are less than 10^4, so maximum 4 digits. But for 1-digit numbers, the state space is 9 (from 1 to 9, but 1 is not prime? Actually, 1 is not prime, so for 1-digit, numbers 1 to 9: 1,4,6,8,9 are non-prime, and 2,3,5,7 are prime.

But the problem: if n is prime, we cannot start, so we return -1. Similarly, if m is prime, we cannot end, so return -1. But wait, the problem says "the integer n must not be a prime number at any point", so the original n must not be prime. Similarly, m must not be prime? Actually, the problem says "including its original value and after each operation", so the final m must also be composite (if we reach m, then m is composite). But wait, in the example, m=12 is composite, so that's fine. But what if m is prime? Then we cannot reach m because the final state must be composite. So, we must check that m is composite (if m is prime, return -1). Similarly, n must be composite to start.

But wait, the problem statement says: "The integer n must not be a prime number at any point, including its original value and after each operation." So, if n is prime, we cannot even start. Similarly, after each operation, the number must be composite, and the final m must be composite (because it's after the last operation). But note: the problem doesn't explicitly say that m must be composite, but the condition "at any point" includes the final state. So, if m is prime, then we cannot reach it.

So, first, check if n is prime: if yes, return -1. Similarly, check if m is prime: if yes, return -1. But wait, what if n is prime? Then we cannot start. Similarly, if m is prime, we cannot end. But also, during the operations, we must avoid primes.

But note: the problem says "if it is impossible, return -1". So, if n is prime, then we cannot start, so return -1. Similarly, if m is prime, then we cannot end, so return -1. But what if n is prime and m is composite? Then we cannot even start, so return -1. Similarly, if n is composite and m is prime, then we cannot reach m, so return -1.

So, steps:

1.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
class Solution:
    def minOperations(self, n: int, m: int) -> int:
        # Check if n or m is prime
        def is_prime(x):
            if x < 2:
                return False
            for i in range(2, int(x**0.5) + 1):
                if x % i == 0:
                    return False
            return True
        
        if is_prime(n) or is_prime(m):
            return -1
        
        # If n equals m, then cost is n (only one state)
        if n == m:
            return n
        
        # We'll use Dijkstra's algorithm where the state is the current number
        # The graph: from a number, we can change each digit (if allowed) to get a new number
        # The cost is the sum of the numbers we've visited so far (including the current)
        # But note: the cost is the sum of all values that n takes, so we are accumulating the cost as we traverse the path.
        # We want to minimize the total cost to reach m.
        # We can use a priority queue (min-heap) where the priority is the total cost so far.
        # But note: the cost is the sum of the numbers, and we are visiting states (numbers). However, the same number might be reached by different paths with different total costs.
        # We need to keep track of the minimum total cost to reach a number.
        # But the state space is numbers with the same number of digits as n (and m). We can represent the number as an integer.
        # The operations: for each digit in the number, we can increase it (if not 9) or decrease it (if not 0) by 1, and then form a new number.
        # But note: the entire number must be composite (non-prime) for the new state.
        # We'll use a dictionary (or list) to store the best (minimum) total cost to reach a number.
        # However, the state space is 9000 for 4-digit numbers, which is acceptable.
        # But note: the numbers must have the same number of digits as n (and m). So, we cannot have leading zeros. But the input n and m have the same number of digits, so we are only considering numbers with that many digits (unless we change the number of digits? Actually, the operations are on digits, but if we decrease a digit and it becomes 0, then the number of digits remains the same (unless the number is like 1000, and we decrease the first digit to 0, then it becomes 0000, which is 0, but 0 is not positive and the problem says n, m >=1). But the problem states that n and m are at least 1, and have the same number of digits. So, we must maintain the same number of digits. Therefore, we cannot have leading zeros. So, the first digit cannot be 0. But in the operations, if we decrease the first digit and it becomes 0, then the number would have fewer digits, which is not allowed. So, we must avoid that. Therefore, when decreasing the first digit, we must ensure that the new digit is not 0 (or if it becomes 0, then the number would have fewer digits, which is not allowed). But wait, the problem says "n and m consist of the same number of digits", so we must stay in the same digit length. Therefore, we cannot decrease the first digit to 0 because that would change the number of digits. Similarly, we cannot increase the last digit to 10, which would change the number of digits. So, the operations are only allowed if the resulting number has the same number of digits. Therefore, for the first digit, we cannot decrease it to 0 (because then the number would have one less digit). Similarly, for the last digit, we cannot increase it to 10 (which would require a new digit). So, the operations are constrained by the digit position and the fact that the number must have the same number of digits.

        # Actually, the problem does not explicitly say that the number must retain the same number of digits, but the inputs n and m have the same number of digits, and the operations are defined on the digits of n. But if we change a digit and the number of digits changes, then we are effectively changing the number of digits, which is not allowed because n and m have the same number of digits. So, we must ensure that the operations do not change the number of digits. Therefore, for the first digit, we cannot decrease it to 0 (because then the number would have one less digit). Similarly, for the last digit, we cannot increase it to 10 (which would require a carry, but then the number of