=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given an integer array nums.
You can do the following operation on the array at most once:

Choose any integer x such that nums remains non-empty on removing all occurrences of x.
Remove all occurrences of x from the array.

Return the maximum subarray sum across all possible resulting arrays.
A subarray is a contiguous non-empty sequence of elements within an array.
 
Example 1:

Input: nums = [-3,2,-2,-1,3,-2,3]
Output: 7
Explanation:
We can have the following arrays after at most one operation:

The original array is nums = [-3, 2, -2, -1, 3, -2, 3]. The maximum subarray sum is 3 + (-2) + 3 = 4.
Deleting all occurences of x = -3 results in nums = [2, -2, -1, 3, -2, 3]. The maximum subarray sum is 3 + (-2) + 3 = 4.
Deleting all occurences of x = -2 results in nums = [-3, 2, -1, 3, 3]. The maximum subarray sum is 2 + (-1) + 3 + 3 = 7.
Deleting all occurences of x = -1 results in nums = [-3, 2, -2, 3, -2, 3]. The maximum subarray sum is 3 + (-2) + 3 = 4.
Deleting all occurences of x = 3 results in nums = [-3, 2, -2, -1, -2]. The maximum subarray sum is 2.

The output is max(4, 4, 7, 4, 2) = 7.

Example 2:

Input: nums = [1,2,3,4]
Output: 10
Explanation:
It is optimal to not perform any operations.

 
Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 10^5
-10^6 <= nums[i] <= 10^6

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def maxSubarraySum(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, let me try to figure out this problem. So, we're given an array of integers, and we can remove all occurrences of one value at most once. Then, we need to find the maximum subarray sum from the resulting array. 

First, I know that the maximum subarray sum problem is typically solved using Kadane's algorithm. But here, we have the option to remove one value entirely from the array. So, I need to consider the effect of removing each distinct value and then compute the maximum subarray sum for the resulting array, and then take the maximum over all such possibilities, including not removing any value.

But wait, the problem says we can do the operation at most once, meaning we can choose to remove one value or none. So, the answer should be the maximum between the maximum subarray sum of the original array and the maximum subarray sums of all arrays obtained by removing one distinct value.

Now, if I try to remove each distinct value and then run Kadane's algorithm, that might be too slow because the array can be up to 10^5 elements. Also, if I remove a value, the array changes, and running Kadane's on each modified array could be O(n^2) in the worst case, which is 10^10 operations, not feasible.

So, I need a smarter way. 

I remember that the maximum subarray sum is the maximum of:
1. The maximum subarray sum that doesn't include any removed element (if the removed element is causing issues, but actually, we can use Kadane's that allows negative numbers, but the standard Kadane's handles negatives).

But actually, the operation is removing all occurrences of one value. So, the resulting array is the original array without that value.

Now, the maximum subarray sum in an array without a particular value might be tricky. But note that the entire array without that value is just a subsequence of the original array, but contiguous. 

Alternatively, I can think: the maximum subarray sum in the original array is a candidate. Then, for each distinct value, when we remove it, the array is broken into contiguous segments. The maximum subarray sum in the resulting array would be the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of these segments, but actually, the segments are separated by the removed value. 

But actually, the operation removes a value, so the array becomes a new array without that value. The maximum subarray sum in that array is the same as the maximum subarray sum in the original array that doesn't include that value? Not exactly, because the array is contiguous, so if we remove a value, the array is just the original array with that value gone, and the subarrays are contiguous in the original order, but skipping that value.

Wait, actually, the problem says: remove all occurrences of x. So, the resulting array is the original array without any x. Then, we compute the maximum subarray sum from that resulting array.

But note: the resulting array is contiguous in the original order, just without the removed elements. So, the subarray is contiguous in the resulting array, which is a subsequence of the original array (but not necessarily contiguous in the original because gaps are introduced by removing x). However, the problem says "subarray" of the resulting array, and the resulting array is contiguous in the original order (without the removed elements). So, the subarray in the resulting array is a contiguous block in the original array, but skipping the removed x's? Actually, no. The resulting array is the original array with all x's removed, so the order is preserved, but the elements are not consecutive if you remove some. But then, the subarray is contiguous in the resulting array, which is the same as a contiguous block in the original array that doesn't include any x? Not exactly: for example, if original array is [1,2,3,4] and we remove 2, then the resulting array is [1,3,4]. Then the contiguous subarray [3,4] is contiguous in the resulting array, but in the original array, they are not adjacent (because 2 was in between). But in the resulting array, they are adjacent. 

Actually, the resulting array is a new array. So, the subarray is contiguous in the new array. But the new array is just the original array without the removed elements. 

So, the problem is: for each x (each distinct value), remove all x from the array, then compute the maximum subarray sum of the new array, and then take the maximum over all x and also the original array.

But doing that for each x separately would be too slow.

Alternative approach: 

We can use Kadane's algorithm to compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array, but then also consider the effect of removing one element. Actually, the problem is that removing an element might break the array and we need to compute the maximum subarray sum in the array without that element.

But note: the array without an element is just the original array with that element removed. The maximum subarray sum of the array without an element can be computed by a modified Kadane's that skips that element? But then we have to do that for each distinct element, which is O(n^2) in worst case.

Wait, but the distinct elements might be up to 10^5, and the array length is 10^5, so worst-case, 10^5 * 10^5 = 10^10 operations, which is too slow in Python.

So, we need a better approach.

Let me think: 

The maximum subarray sum in the original array is a candidate. Then, for each distinct value, if we remove that value, then the maximum subarray sum of the resulting array is the maximum of the maximum subarray sum that doesn't include any occurrence of that value. 

But note: the maximum subarray sum in the array without x might be the same as the original maximum subarray sum if that maximum subarray doesn't contain x. But if the maximum subarray does contain x, then we need to find the next best maximum subarray that doesn't contain x.

But that seems complicated. 

Another idea: 

We can precompute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array. Then, for each distinct x, we want to compute the maximum subarray sum of the array without x. 

But how to do that efficiently?

We can use a two-pointer or dynamic programming approach that accounts for skipping a particular value? 

Alternatively, we can use a divide and conquer strategy or segment trees. But that might be overkill.

Wait, there's a known trick: the maximum subarray sum can be computed with Kadane's algorithm. Similarly, the minimum subarray sum can be computed. 

But here, we need to remove one value. 

Actually, consider: the entire array without x is the original array with all x's removed. The maximum subarray sum of the resulting array is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments that are separated by x's? Actually, no, because the maximum subarray might span across multiple segments if we remove x, but then the array is broken at x's, so the maximum subarray must lie entirely in one of the segments? Actually, no, because the array is contiguous in the original order, but with x's removed, the segments are adjacent (if x's are consecutive, then the segments are separate). But the subarray must be contiguous in the resulting array, which means it can only lie in one segment. Because if you remove x, then the array breaks at x, so you cannot have a subarray that jumps from one segment to another (since they are not adjacent). 

Wait, actually, in the resulting array, the segments (the parts between x's) are contiguous. So, the entire array without x is just the original array with x's taken out, and the array is still in order. The contiguous subarrays in the resulting array are just the contiguous parts of the original array that do not contain x. 

But then, the maximum subarray sum of the array without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the contiguous segments that do not contain x. But wait, actually, the array without x is the entire array without x, so the array is broken at x's. So, the array is divided into several contiguous segments (the parts between x's). Then, the maximum subarray sum of the entire array without x is the maximum subarray sum among these segments.

But wait, that's not entirely correct. Because a subarray in the resulting array is contiguous, so it must lie entirely in one of these segments. Therefore, the maximum subarray sum for the array without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments (the contiguous parts of the original array that don't include x). 

But note: the segments are the parts between x's. For example, if we remove x, then the array is split into segments that are separated by x's. Then, the maximum subarray sum for the array without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of these segments.

But then, we can precompute the segments for each distinct x? But that would be too slow.

Alternatively, we can precompute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array, and then for each distinct x, we can compute the maximum subarray sum of the segments (the array without x) by using a data structure that stores the maximum subarray sum for each segment. 

But how do we compute the segments for each x without iterating over the entire array for each x?

Another idea: 

We can use the concept of "maximum subarray sum with forbidden elements". But then, the forbidden element is x, and we have to consider each distinct x. 

But note: the array without x is the same as the array without all occurrences of x. 

We can precompute the total sum and then use a segment tree or something, but that might be too complex.

Wait, there's a known approach: 

We can compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array. Then, if the maximum subarray sum does not contain x, then the maximum subarray sum without x is the same. Otherwise, we need to find the next best.

But how do we quickly check if the maximum subarray contains x? And then find the next best maximum subarray that doesn't contain x?

Alternatively, we can use a two-pass approach: 

1. Compute the maximum subarray sum (and store the start and end indices) for the entire array.
2. For each distinct x, if the maximum subarray contains x, then we need to find the next maximum subarray that doesn't contain x. 

But that seems complicated.

Another idea: 

We can use a dictionary to store the positions of each distinct value. Then, for each distinct x, we can split the array into segments that are separated by x. Then, for each segment, we can compute the maximum subarray sum (using Kadane's) and then take the maximum over segments. Then, the answer is the maximum over all x (including not removing any) of these maximums.

But the problem is that the array can be large, and the distinct x can be many. But the distinct x is at most the number of distinct values, which can be up to 10^5. For each distinct x, we need to split the array by x. But splitting the array by x requires scanning the entire array. So, worst-case, if we have 10^5 distinct values, then 10^5 * 10^5 = 10^10 operations, which is too slow.

We need a more efficient method.

Let me think differently.

What if we don't remove a particular value x, but instead, we consider the array without x. The maximum subarray sum of the array without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments (the contiguous parts of the original array that don't contain x). 

But note: the entire array without x is the same as the original array with all x's removed, so the array is broken at each x. Then, the array is divided into contiguous segments that are between x's (and also before the first x and after the last x). 

Then, the maximum subarray sum without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of these segments. 

But then, we can precompute for each distinct x the segments and then compute the maximum subarray sum for each segment. 

But the challenge is doing that efficiently.

Alternatively, we can use a different approach: 

We can compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array (with Kadane) and store the result. Then, we can also compute the maximum subarray sum that does not include a particular element (each element) using a segment tree or a Fenwick tree? 

But building a segment tree for each distinct x is not efficient.

Wait, maybe we can use the idea of "maximum subarray sum with one deletion" but deletion of all occurrences of a value is different.

Another thought: 

Instead of removing all occurrences of x, we can consider that the array without x is the original array with x's replaced by nulls, and then we need the maximum subarray sum in that array. 

But that is equivalent to breaking the array at x's and then running Kadane's on each segment.

But then, we need to do that for each distinct x. 

But note: the distinct x are the values that actually appear in the array. So, we can group by value. 

We can precompute for each distinct x the segments. But the array is the same for each x, just with x's removed. 

But the array is fixed. 

Actually, the array without x is the original array with all x's removed. 

But note: the array without x is the same for all occurrences of x. 

So, we can precompute the segments for each distinct x. But how?

Actually, we can precompute the positions of each distinct value. Then, for each distinct value, we can get the segments that are between the occurrences of that value. 

But then, for each distinct value x, the array is broken at every occurrence of x. Then, the segments are the parts of the array between the x's. 

We can store the entire array and then for each x, we have a list of indices where x occurs. Then, the segments are the array from 0 to first occurrence of x - 1, then between the occurrences, and then from last occurrence + 1 to end.

But then, for each segment, we need to compute the maximum subarray sum. 

But then, for each distinct x, we have to run Kadane's on each segment. The number of segments for a given x is (number of occurrences of x + 1). The total number of segments over all x is O(n) because each element is part of one segment for each distinct value it is not? Actually, the total number of segments is the sum over distinct x of (freq(x) + 1). And the sum of freq(x) is n, so the total is n + (number of distinct x). 

But then, we need to run Kadane's on each segment. The total length of all segments is n (the original array) for each distinct x? Actually, no, because for each distinct x, we are removing the x's, so the total length of segments is n - freq(x). But then, the total work over all distinct x is sum_{x} (n - freq(x)) = n * (number of distinct x) - sum_{x} freq(x) = n * (distinct_count) - n. 

But worst-case, distinct_count can be n (all distinct) then the total work is n^2 - n, which is 10^10 for n=10^5, which is too slow.

So, we need a better method.

Let me consider the following:

We can compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array (call it ans0). Then, we want to consider the effect of removing one value x. 

What is the maximum subarray sum after removing x? 

It is the maximum of:
  - The maximum subarray sum of the array without x.

But note: the array without x is just the original array with x's removed. 

We can use a two-pointer and dynamic programming that accounts for skipping a particular value, but again, for each distinct value, that's too slow.

Wait, there's a known approach for "maximum subarray sum with one element removal" (removing one occurrence) but here we remove all occurrences of a value.

Another idea: 

Instead of removing all occurrences of a value, we can consider that the array without x is the same as the array where we set all x to a very small number (like negative infinity) and then run Kadane's? But then, we have to do that for each distinct x, and again, that would be too slow.

But note: the operation is removing all occurrences of x, so the resulting array is the original array without x. 

We can use a different strategy: 

We can compute the total sum of the array and the prefix sums. Then, the maximum subarray sum can be computed using Kadane's. But then, how to account for removing a value?

Wait, we can use the concept of "maximum subarray sum" and "minimum subarray sum" to get the entire array's information. 

But I'm stuck.

Let me look for similar problems. 

Actually, I recall a problem where you remove one element (not a value) to maximize the maximum subarray sum. The solution for that is to use Kadane's algorithm and then consider the array without that element. But that is for one element, not a value.

But in this problem, we remove all occurrences of a value. 

Let me try to think of the following:

The maximum subarray sum without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments (the contiguous parts of the original array that do not contain x).
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
class Solution:
    def maxSubarraySum(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        n = len(nums)
        total_sum = sum(nums)
        # Kadane's algorithm for the entire array
        best = -10**18
        current = 0
        for num in nums:
            current = max(0, current + num)
            best = max(best, current)
        # But best might be 0 if all negative, but we need the maximum subarray sum even if negative? 
        # Actually, the problem doesn't say non-negative, so we need to use the standard Kadane's that allows negative.
        # Let me correct Kadane's algorithm for maximum subarray sum (standard version that allows negative)
        best = nums[0]
        current = nums[0]
        for i in range(1, n):
            current = max(nums[i], current + nums[i])
            best = max(best, current)
        
        # Now, we need to consider removing each distinct value
        # But we cannot do for each distinct value by iterating over the array because it's too slow.
        # Alternative approach: 
        # We can use a two-pass to get the maximum subarray sum for the entire array, and then for each distinct value, 
        # we can compute the maximum subarray sum of the array without that value by using a segment tree or something, but that's complex.
        # Another idea: 
        # We can use the fact that the array without x is the original array with x's removed. 
        # The maximum subarray sum without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments (the parts between x's).
        # But we need to compute that efficiently.
        #
        # However, note that the problem constraints are up to 10^5, so we need an O(n) or O(n log n) solution.
        #
        # Let me try to use a different approach: 
        # We can compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array (best) and also the total sum (total_sum). 
        # But that doesn't help directly.
        #
        # Another idea: 
        # We can use a dictionary to store the positions of each distinct value. Then, for each distinct value, we can split the array into segments and compute the maximum subarray sum for each segment using Kadane's. But that is O(n^2) in worst-case.
        #
        # But wait, there is a known efficient method: 
        # We can use a segment tree or a sparse table to answer range maximum subarray queries, but that is complex.
        #
        # Alternatively, we can use a divide and conquer method to compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array, and then for each distinct value, we can compute the maximum subarray sum without that value by excluding the segments that contain that value. 
        #
        # But I think the intended solution is to use the following observation: 
        # The maximum subarray sum after removing x is the maximum of:
        #   - The maximum subarray sum that ends before the first occurrence of x
        #   - The maximum subarray sum that starts after the last occurrence of x
        #   - The maximum subarray sum that is entirely between two occurrences of x
        #
        # But then, we need to know the positions of x. 
        #
        # However, we can precompute the positions for each distinct value. Then, for each distinct value, we can compute the maximum subarray sum for the segments. 
        #
        # But the total work is O(n^2) in the worst-case (if there are many distinct values and each has many occurrences). 
        #
        # But note: the distinct values are the ones that appear in the array. The worst-case is when all elements are distinct, then we have n distinct values. For each distinct value, the array is split into two segments (if the value appears once) or more. The total work is O(n^2) which is 10^10 for n=10^5, which is not feasible in Python.
        #
        # We need a better approach.
        #
        # Let me think: 
        # The maximum subarray sum of the array without x is the maximum of the maximum subarray sums of the segments (the parts between x's). 
        # But note: the entire array without x is the same as the original array with x's removed. 
        #
        # We can use a two-pointer to compute the maximum subarray sum for the entire array, and then for each distinct value, we can use a two-pointer to compute the maximum subarray sum that doesn't include any x. But that is O(n) per distinct value, which is O(n^2) overall.
        #
        # But wait, there is a known