=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given two arrays, nums and target.
In a single operation, you may increment any element of nums by 1.
Return the minimum number of operations required so that each element in target has at least one multiple in nums.
 
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,2,3], target = [4]
Output: 1
Explanation:
The minimum number of operations required to satisfy the condition is 1.

Increment 3 to 4 with just one operation, making 4 a multiple of itself.


Example 2:

Input: nums = [8,4], target = [10,5]
Output: 2
Explanation:
The minimum number of operations required to satisfy the condition is 2.

Increment 8 to 10 with 2 operations, making 10 a multiple of both 5 and 10.


Example 3:

Input: nums = [7,9,10], target = [7]
Output: 0
Explanation:
Target 7 already has a multiple in nums, so no additional operations are needed.

 
Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 5 * 10^4
1 <= target.length <= 4
target.length <= nums.length
1 <= nums[i], target[i] <= 10^4

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def minimumIncrements(self, nums: List[int], target: List[int]) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Alright, I'm trying to solve this problem where I have two arrays: nums and target. The goal is to find the minimum number of increment operations (each operation increases an element of nums by 1) needed so that each element in target has at least one multiple in the nums array.

First, let me restate the problem to make sure I understand. For each number in the target array, I need to ensure that there's at least one number in nums that is a multiple of that target number. I can only increase numbers in nums, not decrease them. The challenge is to do this with the fewest operations possible.

Looking at the examples:

Example 1: nums = [1,2,3], target = [4]. The output is 1 because by increasing 3 to 4, we get a multiple of 4.

Example 2: nums = [8,4], target = [10,5]. The output is 2. Here, we need to make sure that 10 and 5 have multiples in nums. The number 4 is already a multiple of 5, but not of 10. The number 8 is not a multiple of 5 or 10. So, we need to turn 8 into 10 (which is a multiple of both 10 and 5). That requires 2 operations (8 + 2 = 10).

Example 3: nums = [7,9,10], target = [7]. Output is 0 because 7 is already in nums.

Constraints: The nums array can have up to 50,000 elements, and target up to 4 elements. Each element is between 1 and 10,000.

Since target has at most 4 elements, I can consider handling each target number separately and then summing the operations needed for each. But I need to be careful because one operation on an element of nums might help satisfy multiple target numbers. However, looking at the examples, the operations are applied to individual elements. In example 2, we incremented 8 to 10, which helped both 10 and 5 (since 10 is a multiple of 5). But note that 10 is a multiple of 5, so if we had only 5 in target, we could have left the 4 alone and just incremented 8 to 10 (but wait, 10 is a multiple of 5, so that's why it's acceptable). Actually, in example 2, the target has two numbers: 10 and 5. The existing nums has 8 and 4. 4 is already a multiple of 5, but not 10. 8 is a multiple of 4, but not 5 or 10. So we need to make sure that for 10, there's a multiple (10) and for 5, there's a multiple (10 is a multiple of 5). So the same element (10) serves both.

But wait, the problem says: "each element in target has at least one multiple in nums." So for each target number, we need one multiple (it can be the same multiple for multiple targets). Therefore, the operations we do on nums elements should be planned so that the resulting nums array has, for each target number, at least one multiple.

But note: we can only increase numbers. So for a given target number t, we can look at each number x in nums and see if we can "assign" t to x, meaning that by increasing x (if necessary) to a multiple of t, we can cover t. But if we assign multiple t's to the same x, that's okay. However, we have to consider that each x can be increased only once (and we want minimal operations).

Actually, the operations are independent per element: each element in nums can be increased any number of times (each time counts as one operation). The goal is to have, for each t in target, at least one x (in nums) that is a multiple of t.

But note: if we have two target numbers, say 10 and 5, then if we make an element x to be 10, then 10 is a multiple of 10, and 10 is also a multiple of 5 (because 10 = 5*2). So one element can cover multiple targets.

So the problem reduces to: we have a multiset of nums (each element can be increased independently) and a set of target numbers (each must have at least one multiple in the multiset). We want to assign, for each target number, one multiple (which is the same as saying: for each target number, there must be an element in nums that is divisible by that target number). 

But note: the same element in nums can be used for multiple target numbers. So we need to "cover" all target numbers by having, for each, one element (possibly the same) that is a multiple of it.

We can think of it as: for each target number t, we need to "hit" it with an element x from nums (possibly after increasing x). The minimal operations would be to, for each t, consider the existing x's and see what is the minimal increments needed to make x a multiple of t (if not already). But because we can assign multiple t's to the same x, we need to choose a set of x's (each x can be increased) such that the total operations is minimized and all t's are covered.

But note: the same x can be used for multiple t's. However, if we assign two different t's to the same x, then x must be a multiple of both. The minimal x that is a multiple of both is the least common multiple (LCM) of the two t's. But actually, we can use the same x for multiple t's only if x is a multiple of the LCM of those t's. But the operations we do on x must make it a multiple of the LCM? Actually, no: we can set x to be a multiple of the LCM, but that might not be necessary. Actually, if x is a multiple of t1 and t2, then x must be a multiple of the LCM(t1, t2). But we can also set x to a multiple of t1 and then set the same x (without further operations) to be a multiple of t2 if t1 is already a multiple of t2 or vice versa? Actually, no: the condition is independent. For example, if t1=10 and t2=5, then if x is 10, then 10 is a multiple of 10 and also of 5. But if we set x to 5, then 5 is a multiple of 5, but not 10. So we need x to be a multiple of 10 (the larger one) to cover both.

But actually, we can set x to the LCM of the set of t's that we want to cover with that x. However, the problem is: we don't know which t's to assign to which x. This is a set cover problem? But target has at most 4 elements, so the number of subsets is 2^4=16. But the x's are 50,000, so we cannot iterate over all subsets and then assign x's.

Alternatively, we can think greedily: for each target number, we need to cover it. We can cover a target number t by increasing an existing x to the next multiple of t (if x is not already a multiple of t). But if we use the same x for multiple t's, then we must increase x to the next multiple that is a multiple of the LCM of the t's assigned to it.

But note: the operations are independent per element. The minimal operation for covering a set of t's by one x would be to set x to the smallest multiple of the LCM (or the next multiple above the current x that is a multiple of the LCM). But that might not be the case: actually, for covering multiple t's, we can set x to the least common multiple (LCM) of those t's, but then we must set x to the smallest multiple of the LCM that is >= x. But then, if we assign multiple t's to the same x, the operation cost for that x is the same as if we were covering the LCM of those t's.

But note: we can cover a target number by multiple x's. So we need to cover all target numbers with a set of x's (each x can be used multiple times? Actually, no: each x is one element. But we can use the same x to cover multiple targets. Actually, the problem does not specify that we can use each x only once. Actually, the array nums has fixed elements, and we can only increase them. So one element (one x) can be increased multiple times and then it can serve as a multiple for multiple t's.

But wait, the problem says: "each element in target has at least one multiple in nums." The nums array is the same array after all operations. So after operations, the nums array will have some numbers (each original number increased by some amount). Then, for each t in target, there must be at least one number in the modified nums that is divisible by t.

So, the same element (the modified x) can be divisible by multiple t's. So we need to assign, for each t, one x (possibly the same x) such that x is divisible by t.

This is equivalent to: we need to cover all target numbers by having, for each, one x that is a multiple of it. We can choose to increase x's arbitrarily (each increment is one operation). We want the minimum total operations.

Now, note that if we have two target numbers, say t1 and t2, then if we set an x to be a multiple of the LCM(t1, t2), then that x will cover both. But the minimal x that covers both is the smallest multiple of LCM(t1, t2) that is >= the original x. But we can also set x to the smallest multiple of t1 (which might be less than the LCM) and then set a different x to the smallest multiple of t2. But that might use two operations instead of one.

But note: we can use the same x for multiple t's only if that x is a multiple of the LCM. Actually, if x is a multiple of the LCM, then it is a multiple of each t. But the minimal operation for x to cover a set S of targets (with LCM = L) is: let x0 be the original value of x. Then the next multiple of L above x0 is: ceil(x0 / L) * L. The operations needed for x is that multiple minus x0.

But we have 50,000 x's and 4 targets. We need to assign each target to an x (each x can be assigned multiple targets) such that the total operations is minimized.

This is a set cover problem. But set cover is NP-hard, but with 4 targets, we can consider iterating over all 2^4=16 subsets and then for each subset, compute the minimal operation to cover that subset by one x (by setting x to the LCM of the subset). Then, we need to cover all 4 targets (each target must be covered by at least one x). But note: the same x can cover multiple targets, so we need to cover the entire set of targets (which is a set of 4 elements) by a collection of x's (each x can cover a subset). We want the minimal total operations.

But the catch: we can use each x only once? Actually, no: we can use the same x multiple times? No, because each x is one element. But we can use the same x for multiple targets, but then we must set it to a multiple of the LCM of all the targets we want to assign to it. But then, if we assign multiple targets to the same x, we are effectively using that x to cover all those targets, and the operation cost is the minimal increments needed to make that x a multiple of the LCM of the assigned targets.

But we are allowed to assign multiple targets to the same x, and we are allowed to use different x's for different targets. The goal is to minimize the total operations.

This is similar to: given a universe of 4 elements (the targets), and for each x (each element in nums) we can cover a subset S (the set of targets that divide the final value of x). The final value of x is determined by the minimal multiple of the LCM of S that is >= the original x. Then, we need to cover the universe (all 4 targets) by choosing a collection of x's (each x can be chosen multiple times? Actually, no, because each x is one element, but we can assign multiple targets to one x. But we cannot use the same x twice because it's one element. Actually, the problem does not specify that we can use an element multiple times, but the array nums is fixed, and we can only modify each element independently. So if we assign multiple targets to one x, then that x must be set to a value that is a multiple of the LCM of the assigned targets, and that x is then used for all those targets.

But then, we can use the same x to cover multiple targets. So the problem becomes: we have 50,000 elements (each with a starting value). For each element, we can choose a subset S (of targets) that we want to cover by this element. The cost for element x to cover a subset S is: let L = LCM(S). Then the minimal multiple of L that is >= x is: if x % L == 0, then 0, else (L - x % L) % L (but if x % L == 0, then 0, otherwise, the next multiple is (floor(x/L)+1)*L, so the cost is (floor(x/L)+1)*L - x). Then, we need to cover the entire set of targets (which is a set of 4 elements) by choosing a collection of elements (each element can be chosen only once? Actually, no: we can use the same element to cover multiple targets, but we can also use multiple elements. But note: we are allowed to increase each element independently, and we can use one element to cover multiple targets. But the condition is that after all operations, for each target, there is at least one element in nums that is a multiple of that target. So one element can cover multiple targets, but we are not forced to use each element only once. Actually, we can use the same element for multiple targets, but we are allowed to use multiple elements (each element is independent). 

Actually, the problem does not restrict that an element must be used only for one target. So we can use an element to cover several targets. 

But then, the problem is: we have a universe of 4 targets. For each element x in nums, we can cover a subset S (the set of targets that divide the final value of x).
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import math
from functools import reduce
from math import gcd
from typing import List

class Solution:
    def minimumIncrements(self, nums: List[int], target: List[int]) -> int:
        # Precompute the LCM for all subsets of target
        n = len(target)
        # There are 2^n subsets, but we need to consider each subset's LCM
        # But note: the LCM of a subset is the LCM of all elements in that subset.
        # We'll generate all subsets (as bit masks) and compute the LCM for each subset.
        subsets = []
        # We'll store for each subset (represented by bitmask) the LCM and the minimal multiple (the next multiple above a given x) but we don't know x yet.
        # Actually, for each subset, we need the LCM. Then, for each x, we can compute the minimal operations to cover that subset by setting x to the next multiple of the LCM (if the subset is non-empty). For the empty subset, LCM is 0? But we don't need to cover empty subset. We need to cover the full set? Actually, we need to cover each target individually, but we can combine them.

        # But note: the condition is that for each target, there is at least one element in nums that is a multiple of that target. This is equivalent to: for each target t, there is an element x in nums such that x is divisible by t. 

        # However, if we set an element x to be a multiple of the LCM of a subset S, then x will be divisible by every t in S. So we can cover S by x.

        # Now, the problem is: we need to cover the entire set of targets (which is the union of all subsets) by a collection of elements (each element can cover a subset). The total operations is the sum of the operations for each element (each element is used for one subset). But note: we can use the same element for multiple subsets? Actually, no: each element is one number. But we can assign multiple subsets to the same element? Actually, no: each element can be set to one final value. That final value must be a multiple of the LCM of the union of all subsets assigned to it. But then, the minimal operations for an element to cover a set S is the minimal increments needed to make it a multiple of the LCM(S). 

        # But the problem is: we need to cover all targets (each target must be covered by at least one element). We can assign multiple targets to the same element (then that element must be a multiple of the LCM of those targets). 

        # This is a set cover problem: universe is the set of targets (size 4). Each element x in nums can cover a subset S (the set of targets t for which x (after operations) is a multiple of t). But note: the subset S that x can cover is not fixed: we can choose to set x to a multiple of any subset's LCM (by increasing x). But the minimal operation for x to cover a subset S is determined by the LCM of S.

        # However, the set cover problem is NP-hard, but with 4 elements, we can use dynamic programming or iterate over all 16 subsets and then use a greedy approach? But note: we have 50,000 elements. We can precompute for each element x and for each subset S (of targets) the minimal operations needed to set x to a multiple of the LCM(S). Then, we need to cover the full set (all targets) by selecting a collection of elements (each element can be used only once) and the total operations is the sum of the operations for each element. But wait, we can use the same element multiple times? No, because each element is one number. Actually, we can use each element only once (each element is one number, and we can only set it to one final value). But we can use multiple elements. 

        # Actually, the problem does not require that we use each element only once. We can use each element independently. But we are allowed to use the same element to cover multiple targets (by setting it to a multiple of the LCM of the targets we want to cover). 

        # So the problem is: we have 50,000 elements, each can be set to a value (by increments) and we want to cover all targets (each target must be divided by at least one element). We can set each element to any value (by incrementing). The cost is the total increments. We want the minimal total increments.

        # We can think of it as: for each target, we need to "hit" it. We can hit a target t by increasing an element x to the next multiple of t (if