=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
A "Snowflake Tree" is defined as a tree that can be generated by the following procedure:

- Choose positive integers x,y.
- Prepare one vertex.
- Prepare x more vertices, and connect each of them to the vertex prepared in step 2.
- For each of the x vertices prepared in step 3, attach y leaves to it.

The figure below shows a Snowflake Tree with x=4,y=2. The vertices prepared in steps 2, 3, 4 are shown in red, blue, and green, respectively.

You are given a tree T with N vertices. The vertices are numbered 1 to N, and the i-th edge (i=1,2,\dots,N-1) connects vertices u_i and v_i.
Consider deleting zero or more vertices of T and the edges adjacent to them so that the remaining graph becomes a single Snowflake Tree. Find the minimum number of vertices that must be deleted. Under the constraints of this problem, it is always possible to transform T into a Snowflake Tree.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_{N-1} v_{N-1}

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 3 \leq N \leq 3 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq u_i < v_i \leq N
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

8
1 3
2 3
3 4
4 5
5 6
5 7
4 8

Sample Output 1

1

By deleting vertex 8, the given tree can be transformed into a Snowflake Tree with x=2,y=2.

Sample Input 2

3
1 2
2 3

Sample Output 2

0

The given tree is already a Snowflake Tree with x=1,y=1.

Sample Input 3

10
1 3
1 2
5 7
6 10
2 8
1 6
8 9
2 7
1 4

Sample Output 3

3

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I need to solve this problem about transforming a given tree into a Snowflake Tree with minimum vertex deletions. Let me first understand what a Snowflake Tree is.

From the problem statement, a Snowflake Tree is built in three steps:
1. Start with one central vertex (step 2 in the problem, but actually the first step is preparing one vertex, then step 2 adds x more vertices connected to the first, and step 3 attaches y leaves to each of the x vertices.

Wait, actually, step 2 says: "Prepare one vertex." Then step 3: "Prepare x more vertices, and connect each of them to the vertex prepared in step 2." Then step 4: "For each of the x vertices, attach y leaves to it." So the tree structure is:

- One central node (degree x + 1? Because it's connected to x nodes from step 3, but wait no: the central node is step 2, then step 3 adds x nodes each connected to the central node. Then each of those x nodes gets y leaves. So the central node has degree x, and each of the x nodes has degree 1 (from the central) plus y (leaves). 

Wait, in the sample input 1: 8 vertices. The sample output is 1 deletion. After deleting vertex 8, the tree becomes a Snowflake Tree with x=2, y=2. So the central node (vertex 3) is connected to two nodes (vertices 1 and 2) and also to vertex 4 (from the original connections). Wait, in the original input, vertex 3 is connected to 1, 2, and 4. Then from 4, it's connected to 5, and 5 is connected to 6 and 7. 

Wait, but in the Snowflake Tree, the central node should have x edges, and then from each of the x nodes, we have y leaves. So in the transformed tree, the central node must have exactly x edges (to the x nodes) and each of those x nodes must have exactly y+1 edges (one to the center and y to leaves). 

But in the sample, after deleting vertex 8, the tree should have 7 vertices. The central node is 3. It's connected to 1, 2, and 4. So that's 3 edges. Then from 4, which is one of the x nodes, we have two leaves (vertices 5, 6, 7). But wait, 5 has two leaves (6 and 7). So that's two leaves from 5, but 4 is connected to 3, 5, and 8 (but 8 is deleted). So actually, 4 should only have two leaves? But in the remaining graph, 4 is connected to 3, 5, and 5 is connected to 6 and 7. So the central node 3 has edges to 1,2,4. Then 1 and 2 are leaves? Because they only have one edge (to 3). Then 4 has edges to 3,5, and 5 has edges to 4,6,7. So 5 is a node that has two leaves (6 and 7). 

But according to the definition, the central node (3) should have x edges to the x nodes (which are 1,2,4) so x=3. Then each of these x nodes should have y leaves. But node 1 has 0 leaves (since it's a leaf in the remaining tree), node 2 has 0 leaves, and node 4 has two leaves (5? Actually, no: 4 is connected to 5, but 5 is not a leaf because 5 has two children (6 and 7). 

Wait, maybe I misunderstood. The problem says: "For each of the x vertices prepared in step 3, attach y leaves to it." So the x vertices (step 3) are the ones that are connected to the central node. Then, for each of these x nodes, we add y leaves (step 4). 

In the sample, after deletion, we have:
- Central node: 3
- x nodes: 1, 2, 4 (so x=3)
- Then, for node 1: y should be 0 (no leaves)
- For node 2: y should be 0 (no leaves)
- For node 4: y should be 2? But then node 4 would have two leaves. But in the remaining tree, node 4 is connected to 5, and 5 is connected to 6 and 7. So node 4 has one child (5) and node 5 has two children (6,7). 

Wait, actually, in the remaining tree, node 4 is connected to 3 and 5. Then 5 is connected to 4,6,7. So the leaves are 6 and 7. So node 5 is a leaf? No, 5 is connected to three nodes. Actually, the remaining tree has nodes 1,2,3,4,5,6,7. The edges: 
1-3, 2-3, 3-4, 4-5, 5-6, 5-7.

So the central node 3 has degree 3 (connected to 1,2,4). Then node 1 has degree 1 (leaf), node 2 has degree 1 (leaf), node 4 has degree 2 (connected to 3 and 5). Node 5 has degree 3 (connected to 4,6,7). Nodes 6 and 7 are leaves.

But according to the definition, the Snowflake Tree should have one central node (step 2) with x edges (so x=3). Then, for each of the x nodes (1,2,4), we attach y leaves. 

For node 1: we attached 0 leaves (correct). 
For node 2: 0 leaves (correct). 
For node 4: we should attach y leaves. But node 4 is connected to 5, and 5 is not a leaf (it has two children). Actually, the definition says "attach y leaves" to the x node. So the x node should have y leaves and nothing else? Then node 4 should only be connected to 3 and two leaves. But in the remaining tree, node 4 is connected to 3 and then node 5, which is not a leaf. 

Wait, maybe the x node (step 3) is the node that is connected to the central node and then from that node, we only attach y leaves (so no further branching). But then in the sample, after deletion, node 4 is connected to 3 and two leaves (say, two nodes directly connected to 4). But in the sample, node 4 is connected to 5, and then 5 has two leaves. 

Alternatively, the definition might allow the x node to have the leaves attached, but then the leaves are the only children? But then the structure would be a star: central node connected to x nodes, and each x node connected to y leaves. 

But in the sample, the central node (3) is connected to 1,2,4. Then node 1 and 2 are leaves (so they have no further connections). Then node 4 is connected to two leaves (6 and 7). But wait, node 4 is connected to 3 and then to 6 and 7? Then that's three edges from node 4. But according to the definition, the x node (node 4) should have y leaves, so if y=2, then node 4 should have two leaves (6 and 7) and nothing else. But then node 4 is connected to 3 (central) and 6,7. So that's two leaves. 

But in the original tree, node 4 is connected to 5, and 5 is connected to 6 and 7. So if we delete vertex 8, then we also have to consider the edge from 4 to 5? Or is the edge from 4 to 5 still there? Actually, the deletion removes vertex 8, so the edge from 4 to 8 is removed, but the edge from 4 to 5 remains. Then 5 is still there. 

Wait, but the problem says: "Consider deleting zero or more vertices of T and the edges adjacent to them". So when we delete a vertex, we remove it and all incident edges. So if we delete vertex 8, then the edges incident to 8 (which is only the edge between 4 and 8) are removed. The rest remains. 

But then, the remaining tree has:
Edges: 1-3, 2-3, 3-4, 4-5, 5-6, 5-7.

Now, the central node is 3. It has three edges (to 1,2,4). So x=3. Then the three x nodes are 1,2,4. 

For node 1: it has no leaves (it's a leaf itself). So y=0 for node 1? But then the definition says "attach y leaves" to each x node. But node 1 is a leaf, so no leaves attached. Similarly for node 2. 

For node 4: it has an edge to 3 and then an edge to 5. Then node 5 has two edges to 6 and 7. So node 5 is a leaf? No, node 5 has two children (6 and 7). So node 4 has two leaves? Or does node 4 have one leaf (node 5) and then node 5 has two leaves? 

Wait, the definition says: "For each of the x vertices prepared in step 3, attach y leaves to it." So the x vertex (node 4) should have y leaves. The leaves must be directly connected to it. So node 4 should have two leaves (say, two nodes connected only to 4). But in the remaining tree, node 4 is connected to node 5, and node 5 is connected to 6 and 7. So node 4 has one leaf? Or is node 5 considered a leaf? No, node 5 is not a leaf because it has two edges (to 4,6,7). 

Wait, perhaps the structure is that the central node (3) has x edges (to the x nodes) and then each x node must have exactly y edges (all to leaves). So the x node must have degree y (if we consider the central node as one connection, then the x node must have y leaves, so total degree y+1). 

But in the sample, node 4 has two edges: one to the center and one to 5. So degree 2. Then, according to the definition, if x=3, then for each x node, we must have y leaves. So node 4 must have y leaves. Since node 4 has one edge that goes to 5, which is not a leaf (because 5 has two children), then node 4 doesn't have any leaves. So y=0 for node 4? But then the Snowflake Tree would have x=3 and y=0 for two nodes (1 and 2) and y=0 for node 4, but then the central node 3 has three edges, but the x nodes don't have any leaves. 

Alternatively, the central node is step 2, then step 3 adds x vertices (each connected to the central node). Then step 4: for each of the x vertices, attach y leaves. So the central node must have exactly x edges, and each of the x nodes must have exactly y edges (all leaves). 

But then, in the sample, if we set x=3, then each of the three x nodes must have y leaves. But node 1 and 2 have 0 leaves (they are leaves themselves) and node 4 has one non-leaf (node 5) and two leaves (6 and 7) — wait, no, node 4 is connected to node 5, and node 5 is connected to 6 and 7. So node 4 has one child (node 5) which is not a leaf. So node 4 has no leaves. 

But wait, the definition says "attach y leaves" to the x node. So the x node must have y leaves. It doesn't say that the x node cannot have other connections. But in the example, the x node (4) is connected to the central node (3) and then to node 5. Then node 5 is connected to two leaves (6 and 7). 

But the definition says: "For each of the x vertices prepared in step 3, attach y leaves to it." So step 3: we have the x vertices. Then step 4: we attach y leaves to each. But the example's step 4 would require that the x vertices (1,2,4) have y leaves. But node 1 has no leaves, node 2 has no leaves, node 4 has no leaves (because the leaves are 6 and 7, which are attached to node 5, not node 4). 

Wait, maybe I'm misunderstanding the structure. The problem says: "The figure below shows a Snowflake Tree with x=4,y=2." So there is a central node (step 2), then step 3 adds 4 vertices connected to the central node, and step 4 adds 2 leaves to each of the 4 vertices. So the central node has degree 4. Each of the 4 nodes has degree 1 (to the center) + 2 (leaves) = 3. 

But in the sample input, the Snowflake Tree after deletion must have x=2 and y=2. So central node (3) has two edges? But originally, node 3 is connected to 1,2,4. After deletion, we remove vertex 8, so node 4 still has the edge to 5. Then the central node 3 has three edges. 

Wait, the sample output says: "By deleting vertex 8, the given tree can be transformed into a Snowflake Tree with x=2,y=2." 

Wait, so x=2, y=2. That means the central node has two edges (to two x nodes). Then each of those two x nodes must have two leaves. 

But in the remaining tree, the central node (3) has three edges (to 1,2,4). So how can x=2? 

Wait, maybe the central node is not fixed. Actually, the problem says: "The remaining graph becomes a single Snowflake Tree." So the remaining graph must have the structure of a Snowflake Tree. 

In the Snowflake Tree, there is one central node (with degree x) and then x nodes (each with degree y+1). So the entire tree has 1 + x + x*y = 1 + x*(1+y) vertices. 

In the sample, after deletion, we have 7 vertices. So 1 + x*(1+y) = 7. So x*(1+y)=6. Possible pairs (x,y): (1,5), (2,2), (3,1), (6,0). But the problem states that x and y are positive integers, so y>=1? Actually, the problem says: "Choose positive integers x,y." So x and y are at least 1. Then (1,5) is valid, (2,2) is valid, (3,1) is valid, (6,0) is invalid because y must be positive. 

So the minimal deletion is 1. The problem says the answer is 1. 

But the sample output says 1 deletion. 

Now, the example says that the Snowflake Tree has x=2, y=2. Then the total vertices would be 1 + 2*(1+2)=1+2*3=7. That matches. 

But then, how is the central node determined? The central node must have two edges (to the two x nodes). Then each of the two x nodes must have two leaves (so two edges to leaves). 

But in the remaining tree, the central node (vertex 3) has three edges. So it cannot be the central node because the central node must have exactly two edges (to the two x nodes). Then which is the central node? 

Wait, maybe the central node is not vertex 3. Let me look at the remaining tree:

Vertices: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7.

Edges: 1-3, 2-3, 3-4, 4-5, 5-6, 5-7.

So the degrees:
- 1: 1
- 2: 1
- 3: 3
- 4: 2
- 5: 3
- 6: 1
- 7: 1

We need to form a Snowflake Tree. The central node must have degree x (which is 2). Then the two x nodes must have degree y+1 (which is 3). 

So we need a node with degree 2 (central node). Then two nodes with degree 3 (the x nodes). 

Looking at the degrees: 
- node 3: degree 3 -> not central (needs 2)
- node 4: degree 2 -> candidate for central
- node 5: degree 3 -> candidate for x node

But if we choose node 4 as central (degree 2), then it has two edges: one to 3 and one to 5. Then the two x nodes are 3 and 5. 

Now, for node 3 (x node): it must have y leaves. Node 3 has edges to 1,2,4. So one edge is to the central node (4) and two edges to leaves (1 and 2). So y=2 for node 3.

For node 5 (x node): it must have y leaves. Node 5 has edges to 4,6,7. So one edge to the central node and two edges to leaves (6,7). So y=2.

So the Snowflake Tree is: central node 4, connected to 3 and 5. Then node 3 has two leaves (1,2) and node 5 has two leaves (6,7). 

But wait, in the original tree, the connection between 3 and 4 is present, and 4 and 5, and 5 and 6,7. So the remaining graph has that structure. 

But the problem says that by deleting vertex 8, we get a Snowflake Tree. But in the original tree, vertex 8 was connected to 4. So deleting 8 removes one edge from 4 (so 4 originally had three edges: to 3,5,8). After deletion, 4 has two edges (to 3 and 5). 

But then, the central node is 4, and the x nodes are 3 and 5. 

So the structure is: central node 4 (step 2) with x=2 (step 3: two x nodes: 3 and 5). Then step 4: for node 3, attach y=2 leaves (1,2); for node 5, attach y=2 leaves (6,7). 

But wait, in the original tree, the central node (step 2) is the one we start with. But the problem doesn't specify which node is the central node. We can choose any node as the central node, as long as the resulting graph is a Snowflake Tree. 

So the key is: we can choose any vertex as the central node, and then the tree must have the structure: one central node (with degree x) and x nodes (each with degree y+1, i.e., y leaves attached). 

So the problem reduces to: given a tree, remove minimum vertices so that the remaining graph is a Snowflake Tree (i.e., there exists a vertex (central) with degree x (>=1) and x other vertices (each with degree 1 (to the center) and y (>=1) leaves, so each x node has degree y+1).

But note: the entire remaining graph must be connected and form exactly one Snowflake Tree.

So the problem is: we need to choose a central node and then choose x (the number of x nodes) and y (the number of leaves per x node) such that the central node has exactly x edges (each edge goes to an x node) and each x node has exactly y edges (all to leaves) and the leaves have degree 1. 

But note: the x nodes must be distinct and the leaves must be distinct. 

Also, the entire graph must be connected and the central node is the only node of degree x (if x>=2) and the x nodes are the only nodes of degree y+1 (if y>=1). 

But note: the central node's degree is x (which is the number of x nodes). And each x node has degree y+1 (one edge to the center and y edges to leaves). 

Now, the original tree has N vertices. We can choose any subset (by deleting vertices) to form the Snowflake Tree. The goal is to minimize the number of deletions, i.e., maximize the number of vertices kept.

So we need to find a subgraph that is a Snowflake Tree and has as many vertices as possible.

Alternatively, we can think: what are the necessary conditions for a Snowflake Tree?

1. There is exactly one central node (call it C) with degree x (x>=1).
2. There are x nodes (each connected to C) that have degree y+1 (y>=1). Each of these x nodes must not be connected to any other node in the Snowflake Tree (so they can only be connected to C and their y leaves).
3. The leaves (each x node has y leaves) have degree 1.

So the entire graph has 1 (central) + x (nodes) + x*y (leaves) = 1 + x*(1+y) vertices.

Also, the central node must be connected to each x node by an edge (and only to them). And each x node must be connected to the central node and to y leaves (and only to them).

Now, in the original tree, we are allowed to delete vertices arbitrarily (and the edges adjacent to them). So we are effectively selecting a connected subgraph that forms a Snowflake Tree.

But note: the original graph is a tree, so the subgraph must be connected and acyclic (since we are deleting vertices, the remaining graph is a tree? Actually, no: we can delete vertices and then the remaining graph is a forest? But the problem says "the remaining graph becomes a single Snowflake Tree", so it must be connected and acyclic (since a tree is connected and acyclic). 

So the remaining graph is a tree (Snowflake Tree) with 1 + x*(1+y) vertices.

Now, how to solve it?

We need to choose a central node C. Then, from C, we need to choose x branches (each branch is a path from C to a leaf). But note: the x nodes (the ones connected to C) must have exactly y leaves (so the branch from C to an x node must end at a node that has exactly y leaves (and no other connections). 

But wait, the x node is the node directly connected to C. Then from that x node, we can have up to y leaves (each leaf is a node connected only to that x node). 

But the original tree might have more structure. For example, from C, we might have a branch that goes beyond the x node. 

Actually, the x node must be a node that has no further connections (except to C and its y leaves). So in the original tree, if we choose an x node, then from that x node, we can only go to leaves (and no other nodes). 

But note: the Snowflake Tree is a tree, so the entire structure is connected. 

We can model the problem as: we need to choose a central node C, then choose x (the number of x nodes) and y (the number of leaves per x node) such that:

1. From C, we have x branches, each branch is a path from C to an x node. And then from each x node, we have y branches (the leaves). 

But note: the entire graph must be connected, so the x nodes must be connected only to C and their leaves, and the leaves must be connected only to their x node.

So the problem is: from the original tree, we can delete vertices arbitrarily. We want to keep a connected subgraph that is a Snowflake Tree.

We can think of the following:

- The central node must have exactly x edges (to the x nodes) in the remaining graph. So we can only keep x edges from the central node (and delete the rest). 
- Each x node must have exactly y edges (one to the central node and y to leaves) in the remaining graph. So we must keep exactly y edges from the x node (other than the one to the central node) and delete the rest.

But note: the edges we keep must form a connected graph. 

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: we need to select a central node C, and then select x branches from C (each branch is a path from C to a leaf) and then, for each x node, we can only use the leaves that are attached to it (and not go beyond). 

But wait, in the original tree, the structure might be arbitrary. 

Another approach: 

We are allowed to delete any set of vertices. We want to keep a connected subgraph that is a Snowflake Tree. 

We can consider that the Snowflake Tree has two types of nodes: 
- Central node (C)
- x nodes (each with degree y+1)
- Leaves (degree 1)

The central node must be connected to exactly x x nodes (each x node is adjacent to C). Each x node must be connected to exactly y leaves (and nothing else). 

So the entire graph is: 
- C connected to x nodes (each x node is one hop from C).
- Each x node connected to y leaves (each leaf is one hop from the x node).

This is a tree with a specific structure.

Now, we need to choose a connected subgraph from the original tree that has this structure. 

But note: the original tree is given. We can choose any central node and then choose x and y. 

But note: the number of vertices kept is 1 + x*(1+y). We want to maximize that (minimize deletions). 

But the problem constraints are up to 300,000 nodes. So we need an efficient solution.

Let me think about the properties of the Snowflake Tree:

1. There is exactly one node with degree x (the central node).
2. There are x nodes with degree y+1 (each x node).
3. The rest are leaves (degree 1).

But note: the central node's degree is x (which is the number of x nodes). And the x nodes have degree y+1 (each). 

In the original tree, we can consider each node as candidate for the central node. Then, from that central node, we need to choose x branches (each branch will be an x node and then y leaves). 

But the challenge is: the original tree might have a more complex structure. 

Alternatively, we can consider the entire Snowflake Tree as having a central node C, and then the rest of the tree is composed of x "stars": each star is a node (the x node) and y leaves. 

But the edges from C to the x nodes must be direct (no intermediate nodes). 

Wait, in the definition, step 3: "Prepare x more vertices, and connect each of them to the vertex prepared in step 2." So the edges from the central node to the x nodes are direct. 

Similarly, step 4: "For each of the x vertices, attach y leaves to it." So the leaves are directly connected to the x nodes.

Therefore, in the remaining graph, the central node C must have exactly x edges (each leading to an x node). Each x node must have exactly y edges (each leading to a leaf). 

So the structure is fixed: the central node has x edges, and each of those x edges leads to a node that has y edges (all leaves). 

Now, in the original tree, we can only keep edges that are part of this structure. 

We can model the problem as: 

We need to choose a central node C and then choose x (at least 1) and y (at least 1) such that:

1. From C, we can choose x edges (each edge goes to an x node). But note: the original tree may have multiple edges from C, but we can only use x of them (and we must use direct edges from C to the x nodes). 

But wait, the definition does not require that the x nodes are adjacent to C in the original tree. We can delete vertices arbitrarily, but the remaining graph must be connected and have the structure. 

Actually, we can choose any central node and then choose any x nodes (that are in the connected component of C) and then choose any y leaves from each x node's neighborhood (in the original tree) such that the entire graph is connected and has the required structure. 

But note: the entire graph must be connected. 

Actually, the remaining graph must be a tree (connected and acyclic). 

So, if we choose a central node C, then we must choose x nodes (each connected to C) and then for each x node, we choose y leaves (connected to that x node).
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
from collections import deque, defaultdict

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    n = int(data[0])
    edges = []
    index = 1
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for i in range(n-1):
        u = int(data[index]); v = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
        edges.append((u, v))
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
    
    # We'll compute the degrees of each node in the original tree.
    deg = [0]*(n+1)
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        deg[i] = len(graph[i])
    
    # We need to consider each node as candidate for the central node.
    # But note: the central node must have at least one edge (x>=1). But in the remaining graph, we can only keep x edges from it.
    # However, we can delete edges arbitrarily (by deleting vertices). 

    # Alternatively, we can think: the Snowflake Tree has a central node with degree x (in the remaining graph) and x nodes with degree y+1 (in the remaining graph). 

    # We are allowed to delete vertices arbitrarily. So we can choose a central node and then choose x edges from it (in the original tree, we can only use edges that are present) and then from each of those x nodes, we can choose y edges (again, only the ones present in the original tree) such that the entire graph is connected.

    # But note: the entire graph must be connected. So the x nodes must be adjacent to the central node (in the original tree) and the leaves must be adjacent to the x nodes (in the original tree). 

    # However, we can delete vertices arbitrarily. So we can choose a central node C, then choose x neighbors of C (in the original tree) and then from each chosen neighbor, choose y leaves (which are neighbors of that neighbor in the original tree). 

    # But wait, the original tree is connected. The remaining graph must be connected. 

    # Actually, the remaining graph is the central node, the x nodes (each connected to the central node), and the leaves (each connected to an x node). 

    # So the edges we keep are:
    #   - The edge from C to each chosen x node.
    #   - The edges from each chosen x node to its chosen y leaves.

    # But note: the original tree might have a path from C to a leaf that goes through multiple nodes. We are allowed to delete vertices arbitrarily, so we can choose to keep only the direct edge from C to an x node and then from that x node to its leaves. 

    # However, the problem is: we are given a tree. We can delete vertices arbitrarily (and the edges incident to them). We want to keep a connected subgraph that is a Snowflake Tree.

    # The Snowflake Tree structure is fixed: one central node, x nodes (each connected to the central node), and y leaves per x node.

    # The total number of vertices is 1 + x + x*y.

    # We want to maximize that.

    # We can try to find, for each node as central node, the maximum x and y we can have.

    # But note: the central node must be connected to x nodes (each x node is a neighbor of the central node in the original tree? Not necessarily: we can delete the intermediate nodes. 

    # Actually, we can choose any x nodes (not necessarily adjacent in the original tree) as long as there is a path from the central node to that x node (and then from the x node to its y leaves). But wait, the structure requires that the central node is directly connected to the x node (by an edge in the remaining graph). 

    # But we can delete vertices arbitrarily. So we can choose to keep an edge from the central node to an x node even if in the original tree there was a longer path? 

    # Actually, no: the remaining graph must be a subgraph of the original tree. So the edges we keep must be edges from the original tree. 

    # Therefore, the central node must be connected (in the original tree) to the x nodes by an edge (because we can only keep edges that are present). 

    # Similarly, the x node must be connected to its leaves by edges that are present in the original tree.

    # So the candidate central node C must have at least x neighbors (in the original tree) that we can use as x nodes. And each x node must have at least y neighbors (in the original tree) that we can use as leaves (and we must not use the edge back to C, because then the x node would have degree y+1 (which is required) but the