=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string S consisting of uppercase English letters.
Apply the following procedure to S, and then output the resulting string:

As long as the string contains WA as a (contiguous) substring, repeat the following operation:

- Among all occurrences of WA in the string, replace the leftmost one with AC.


It can be proved under the constraints of this problem that this operation is repeated at most a finite number of times.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
S

Output

Print the resulting string after performing the procedure described in the problem statement on S.

Constraints


- S is a string of uppercase English letters with length between 1 and 3\times 10^5, inclusive.

Sample Input 1

WACWA

Sample Output 1

ACCAC

Initially, the string is S= WACWA.
This string contains WA as a substring in two places: from the 1st to the 2nd character, and from the 4th to the 5th character.
In the first operation, we replace the leftmost occurrence (the substring from the 1st to the 2nd character) with AC, resulting in ACCWA.
After the first operation, the string contains WA as a substring in exactly one place: from the 4th to the 5th character.
In the second operation, we replace it with AC, resulting in ACCAC.
Since ACCAC does not contain WA as a substring, the procedure ends. Therefore, we output ACCAC.

Sample Input 2

WWA

Sample Output 2

ACC

Initially, the string is S= WWA.
This string contains WA as a substring in exactly one place: from the 2nd to the 3rd character.
In the first operation, we replace it with AC, resulting in WAC.
Then, after the first operation, the string contains WA in exactly one place: from the 1st to the 2nd character.
In the second operation, we replace it with AC, resulting in ACC.
Since ACC does not contain WA as a substring, the procedure ends. Therefore, we output ACC.

Sample Input 3

WWWWW

Sample Output 3

WWWWW

Since S does not contain WA as a substring from the start, no operations are performed and the procedure ends immediately. Therefore, we output WWWWW.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 We are going to use a while loop that continues until there's no "WA" substring.
 However, the length of the string can be up to 300,000 and if we do a naive replacement (like scanning from the beginning each time) it might be too slow.

 Instead, we can use a more efficient method:

 Idea:
 We note that the operation always replaces the leftmost occurrence of "WA" with "AC". 
 We can simulate the process by traversing the string and replacing "WA" with "AC", but we must be cautious because after replacing, the new "AC" might form new "WA"s? 
 Actually, note: 
   After replacing "WA" with "AC", the resulting string has "AC" in place of "WA". 
   Now, the next occurrence must not overlap with the replaced part? Actually, the problem says "contiguous substring", and the leftmost occurrence is considered.

 However, consider the sample: 
   Input: WWA -> becomes WAC (first replacement) then the next leftmost is from the first two: WA (the first two are now 'W' and 'A' from the original first two? Actually, let's break down:

   Original: WWA
   First operation: replace the leftmost WA (which is the substring from index1 to index2, i.e., the second and third characters) with AC.
        So the string becomes: WAC (because the first two characters are 'W' and 'W' originally, then we replace the second and third: so the first character is 'W', then we have 'AC' for the second and third? Actually, the string is "WWA": 
        The leftmost occurrence of WA is at index 1 (0-indexed) to index 2: that is the substring "WA". 
        So we replace that with AC, so the string becomes: 
            Original: [0: 'W', 1: 'W', 2: 'A'] -> but wait, the string is "WWA", so the leftmost WA is at index1? Actually, let's index:

            String: W W A
            Indices: 0 1 2
            The substring "WA" is found at index1: from index1 to index2 (if we consider two consecutive letters). But actually, the substring "WA" must be two consecutive letters. 
            In "WWA": 
                substring starting at index0: "WW" -> not WA.
                substring starting at index1: "WA" -> found.

            So we replace the "WA" at index1 with "AC", so the string becomes: 
                We break the string: [0: 'W'] and then replace the next two with "AC", so the string becomes "WAC".

            Now, the string is "WAC". Then we check: 
                substring starting at index0: "WA" -> found (because first two letters are 'W' and 'A'). 
                Then we replace that with "AC", so the string becomes "AC" (from the first two) and then the last 'C' is from the original? Actually, the string is "WAC": 
                We break: first two letters: "WA" -> replace with "AC", so the string becomes "AC" + the remaining part? But wait, the remaining part is the third character? 

            Actually, we have to replace the two letters with two letters. So the string "WAC" has length 3. We are replacing the first two (which are "WA") with "AC", so the string becomes "AC" + the rest? The rest is the third character which is 'C'. So the string becomes "ACC".

            But wait, the problem says: replace the leftmost occurrence. In "WAC", the leftmost occurrence is the first two. 

            So the process is: 
                Operation 1: WWA -> WAC (replace the WA at index1, so the string becomes WAC)
                Operation 2: WAC -> ACC (replace the WA at index0)

            However, note: after the first replacement, the string is "WAC". Now, the substring "WA" is from index0 to index1: "WA" is the first two characters. 

            But wait, the operation replaces the leftmost occurrence. In "WAC", the leftmost occurrence is at index0. So we replace that.

            The catch: when we replace, we are effectively removing two characters and inserting two characters. But note that the replacement might create new WA's that are not adjacent to the replaced part.

 However, note: the operation is defined as replacing the leftmost occurrence of "WA". 

 We can use a while loop that breaks when there's no "WA", but scanning the whole string each time might be O(n^2). We need a linear solution.

 Alternate approach:

 We can use a stack or two pointers to simulate the process.

 Observation:
 We are only concerned with the pattern "WA". The replacement is "AC". 

 Let's think about what happens when we replace "WA" with "AC":
   Before: ... W A ... (with the W and A consecutive)
   After: ... A C ...

 Note that the replacement does not change the length of the string (each WA is replaced by AC, which is two characters, so length remains same).

 However, the problem is that the replacement might break the string into parts and we might have to look for WA that starts at the beginning of the string or after the replacement.

 But note: the replacement only replaces two consecutive letters. The new letters are 'A' and 'C'. 

 Now, note that after replacing "WA" with "AC", the 'A' that was originally the second letter of WA might form a new WA with the letter before the replacement? 

 Example: 
   Consider: WWA -> becomes WAC, then we have WA at the beginning.

 So we can use a stack-based approach or a state machine.

 Another idea: we can traverse the string and whenever we see "WA", we replace it with "AC", but we must do it from left to right and then continue scanning from the beginning of the replacement? 

 But if we do that, we might miss the fact that after replacement, the new part might form WA with the preceding part.

 Actually, the operation is defined to replace the leftmost WA. So we must replace the first occurrence and then the next leftmost (which might be the same occurrence? No, because we are replacing one occurrence at a time) but the next occurrence might be in the part that was not touched by the replacement.

 However, note: the replacement is done and then the string changes. The next operation should look for the leftmost WA in the entire string.

 We can use a while loop that breaks when no WA is found, but we must be efficient.

 Since the string length is up to 300000, we cannot do a naive scan (which might be O(n^2)).

 We need to do a single pass that can replace all WA's in a leftmost order? 

 But note: the replacement of one WA might break the condition for the next WA. However, observe:

   Operation: replace WA with AC.

   Consider two consecutive WA's: 
        Example: WWA -> becomes WAC, then the next WA is at the beginning (the first two). 

   But wait, in WWA, the two WA's are overlapping? Actually, in WWA, the first WA is at index1 (if we consider the string as indices 0,1,2: "W","W","A") then the WA is from index1 to index2. Then after replacement, we have "WAC". Now the WA at the beginning is from index0 to index1.

   The key: the replacement does not remove the possibility of having WA's that start at the beginning of the string. 

   We can use a stack or a pointer that moves from left to right, and whenever we see a 'W' and then an 'A' (without any intervening replacement that changes the letters) we replace them.

   However, the problem is that the replacement might be done multiple times and we have to do leftmost first.

   We can use a two-pointer approach that skips the replaced parts.

   Alternatively, we can use a finite state machine that goes through the string and replaces "WA" with "AC", but we must mark the replaced parts and then continue.

   But note: the replacement is two characters, and the next WA might start at the character after the replaced part? Actually, the replacement is two characters, so the next WA must start at the next character after the replaced part? 

   However, consider: 
        Original: WWA -> becomes WAC. Now, the WA at the beginning is the first two, which are the first two characters. So after replacing the WA at index1, the next WA is at index0. 

   We can simulate the process by:

        We'll traverse the string from left to right, and we'll keep an index for the current position.

        But note: the replacement might break the continuity. 

   Another idea: we can use a while loop that breaks when no WA is found, but we use a pointer that jumps over the replaced parts.

   Steps:

        Let i be the current index, starting at 0.
        We'll traverse the string and when we find "WA", we replace it with "AC", and then set i to the next position (which is the position after the replacement). But note, the replacement is two characters, so after replacing, we skip the two characters and then continue.

        However, what if the replacement creates a WA that starts at the character before the replacement? 

        Example: 
            String: "WAWA"
            We find the first WA at index0: "WA", replace with AC -> becomes "ACWA"
            Now, we have to check from the beginning again? But note the problem says: as long as the string contains WA, we replace the leftmost one.

        But wait, in the example above, after replacing the first WA (at index0) we get "ACWA". Now, the leftmost WA is at index2. 

        However, consider a more complex example:

            String: "WWA"
            We find the first WA at index1 (if we consider the string "WWA", the first WA is at index1). Then we replace that with AC -> "WAC". Then we have to check again from the beginning because the first two characters now form WA.

        So we cannot simply jump two characters and continue from the next character after the replacement, because the replacement might have created a WA that starts at the beginning of the string.

        But note: the replacement is done and we are replacing two consecutive characters. The leftmost WA might be before the replacement? Actually, the replacement is done at the leftmost occurrence. Then the next leftmost occurrence must be to the right of the replacement.

        However, in the example "WWA": 
            Original: "WWA" -> the leftmost WA is at index1 (the substring from index1 to index2). 
            We replace that, then the string becomes "WAC". Now, the leftmost WA is at index0 (the substring from index0 to index1). 

        This shows that the replacement of a WA at a later part (index1) can create a WA at an earlier part (index0). 

        Therefore, we cannot simply jump over the replacement and continue scanning from the next character. We must check from the beginning of the string again.


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
def main():
    s = input().strip()
    n = len(s)
    # We'll use a list to represent the string for efficient replacement
    arr = list(s)
    i = 0
    # We'll use a while loop that breaks when we don't find a WA in a full pass
    # But we can do a single pass that replaces all WA's? Actually, the problem requires leftmost first, and then the next leftmost, etc.

    # However, note: the replacement of one WA might create a new WA that is to the left of the current position? 
    # But the operation is defined to replace the leftmost WA. So we must replace the first WA we find, then restart from the beginning? 

    # But the problem says: "as long as the string contains WA", so we can do:

    # We'll use a while loop that breaks when no WA is found in a complete pass.

    # But we can do a more efficient method: 
    #   We traverse the string and whenever we find "WA", we replace it with "AC", and then we set the current index to the next character after the replacement, but then we must check from the beginning again because the replacement might have created a WA that starts at the beginning.

    # However, note: the replacement is two characters. The leftmost WA must be the first occurrence. So we can do:

    #   We'll traverse from left to right, and when we find "WA", we replace it and then set the current index to the position after the replacement (i+2) and then continue from there? 

    # But wait, what if the replacement creates a WA that starts at the character before the replacement? 

    # Example: 
    #   String: "WAWA"
    #   We find the first WA at index0: replace with AC -> becomes "ACWA". Then we set i to 2 (index0+2). Then we continue from index2: we see "WA" at index2? Then we replace that with AC -> "ACAC". 

    # But the leftmost WA in "WAWA" is at index0, then after replacement, the string is "ACWA", and the leftmost WA is at index2. 

    # However, consider: 
    #   String: "WWA"
    #   We find the first WA at index1 (if we start at index0, we see 'W' then 'W' at index1, then at index2 we have 'A' so WA is from index1 to index2). 
    #   We replace that with AC, so the string becomes "WAC". Then we set i to 3 (index1+2) which is beyond the string. But then we break. 

    # But wait, after replacement, the string is "WAC", and we must check from the beginning again because the first two characters form WA.

    # So we cannot simply jump two characters and then continue. We must restart the scanning from the beginning.

    # However, the problem says "leftmost", so we must always start from the beginning.

    # But the length of the string is up to 300000, and if we do a full scan for each WA, worst-case we might have O(n^2) operations.

    # We need a linear solution.

    # Alternate efficient approach:

    # We can use a stack or a state machine that goes through the string once.

    # Idea: 
    #   We traverse the string and whenever we see a 'W', we start waiting for an 'A'. Then when we see an 'A', we replace the last 'W' we saw with 'A' and then the 'A' with 'C'. But note, the replacement is two characters: WA becomes AC.

    #   However, the problem requires replacing the leftmost WA. 

    #   We can use a stack:

    #   Let's define a stack that will hold the characters. But we need to know the positions.

    #   Alternatively, we can use a two-pointer that marks the positions that are not replaced.

    #   We can do:

    #       Let i = 0
    #       We'll create a new string or modify the string in a single pass.

    #   But note: the replacement might be done multiple times and the same character might be part of multiple WA's? 

    #   Actually, the problem says: replace the leftmost WA. So the first WA is replaced, and then the string changes. 

    #   We can use a greedy approach: 

    #       We traverse the string and whenever we find "WA", we replace it with "AC", and then we set a flag that we have to restart the scanning from the beginning? 

    #   But worst-case, if we have a