=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is an undirected graph with N vertices and 0 edges. The vertices are numbered 1 to N.
You are given Q queries to process in order. Each query is of one of the following two types:

- Type 1: Given in the format 1 u v. Add an edge between vertices u and v.
- Type 2: Given in the format 2 v k. Print the k-th largest vertex number among the vertices connected to vertex v. If there are fewer than k vertices connected to v, print -1.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N Q
\mathrm{query}_1
\mathrm{query}_2
\vdots
\mathrm{query}_Q

Here, \mathrm{query}_i is the i-th query and is given in one of the following formats:
1 u v

2 v k

Output

Let q be the number of Type 2 queries. Print q lines.
The i-th line should contain the answer to the i-th Type 2 query.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N, Q \leq 2 \times 10^5
- In a Type 1 query, 1 \leq u < v \leq N.
- In a Type 2 query, 1 \leq v \leq N, 1 \leq k \leq 10.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 10
1 1 2
2 1 1
2 1 2
2 1 3
1 1 3
1 2 3
1 3 4
2 1 1
2 1 3
2 1 5

Sample Output 1

2
1
-1
4
2
-1


- In the first query, an edge is added between vertices 1 and 2.
- In the second query, two vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1 and 2. Among them, the 1-st largest vertex number is 2, which should be printed.
- In the third query, two vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1 and 2. Among them, the 2-nd largest vertex number is 1, which should be printed.
- In the fourth query, two vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1 and 2, which is fewer than 3, so print -1.
- In the fifth query, an edge is added between vertices 1 and 3.
- In the sixth query, an edge is added between vertices 2 and 3.
- In the seventh query, an edge is added between vertices 3 and 4.
- In the eighth query, four vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1,2,3,4. Among them, the 1-st largest vertex number is 4, which should be printed.
- In the ninth query, four vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1,2,3,4. Among them, the 3-rd largest vertex number is 2, which should be printed.
- In the tenth query, four vertices are connected to vertex 1: 1,2,3,4, which is fewer than 5, so print -1.

Sample Input 2

6 20
1 3 4
1 3 5
2 1 1
2 3 1
1 1 5
2 6 9
2 1 3
2 6 1
1 4 6
2 2 1
2 6 2
2 4 7
1 1 4
2 6 2
2 3 4
1 2 5
2 4 1
1 1 6
2 3 3
2 1 3

Sample Output 2

1
5
-1
3
6
2
5
-1
5
3
6
4
4

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

We are given up to 200,000 vertices and 200,000 queries.
We are only asked for Type 2 queries: for vertex v, we need the k-th largest neighbor (k is at most 10).

Note: The graph starts with no edges.

Approach:
We can maintain an adjacency list for each vertex. However, as we are only asked for the k-th largest (and k is at most 10) we don't need to store all neighbors, but we can keep a sorted list (or a min-heap of fixed size 10) of the neighbor vertex numbers.

But note: the problem requires the k-th largest. The largest is the maximum, the second largest is the next maximum, etc.

We can for each vertex v, maintain a min-heap (or a sorted list) of the neighbors, but we are only interested in the top 10 largest (i.e., the 10 largest). Since k is at most 10, we can keep a min-heap of the top 10 largest neighbors (so that the smallest in the heap is the 10th largest, and so on).

However, note that when we add an edge (u, v), we add u to v's neighbor list and also v to u's neighbor list. Then, when we query, we want the k-th largest.

Steps:
1. We'll create an array (or list) for each vertex (from 1 to N) to store the top 10 largest neighbors.

But note: the graph is undirected. We have to update both ends.

But the problem: we are adding edges one by one, and we are only asked for Type 2 queries.

However, the k-th largest: we want to get the k-th largest from the set of neighbors. We can store the neighbors in a min-heap of size up to 10 (the largest 10). But note: the entire graph has up to 200,000 vertices, but each vertex's degree might be large. But we are only storing the top 10.

But note: the query asks for the k-th largest. We can store the neighbors in a min-heap of the largest 10 (so that the smallest in the heap is the 10th largest). Then, to get the k-th largest, we can do:

If we have a min-heap of the top 10 largest (meaning we have a heap that contains the 10 largest, and the smallest element in the heap is the 10th largest), then the k-th largest is the (k-1)-th element in the sorted (descending) order. But we don't need to store all neighbors, we only need the top 10.

But note: when we add a neighbor, we might have more than 10. We can use a min-heap (priority queue) that only keeps the top 10 by always pushing the new neighbor and then popping if the heap size exceeds 10.

But note: the graph is dynamic. We are adding edges one by one.

We can do the following for each vertex:

- Maintain a min-heap (heapq in Python is a min-heap) for the largest neighbors. But wait, we want the largest first. Actually, we want the k-th largest. So we can maintain a min-heap of the top 10 largest. Then the k-th largest is the (k-1)-th element from the top of the heap? Actually, no.

Let me clarify:
We want the k-th largest. For example, if we have neighbors: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10] then the 1st largest is 10, 2nd is 9, ... 10th is 1.

We can store the top 10 largest in a min-heap. Then the root (smallest) is the 10th largest. Then the k-th largest is the (10 - k + 1)-th element from the smallest? Actually, no.

Actually, we can store the top 10 largest in a min-heap. Then the heap has the 10 largest numbers, and the smallest of these 10 is the 10th largest. Then the 1st largest is the maximum, which we don't have directly. 

Alternatively, we can store the top 10 largest in a min-heap, but then to get the k-th largest, we can just take the (10 - k + 1)-th smallest in the heap? That doesn't work.

Alternatively, we can store the top 10 largest in a max-heap? But Python doesn't have a max-heap. We can store negatives.

But note: k is at most 10, and we are only storing up to 10 neighbors. So we can simply keep a sorted list (or a heap) that has at most 10 elements. 

Actually, we can do:

For each vertex, we maintain a min-heap (for the largest numbers) but wait, we want the largest numbers. Let me reframe:

We want the k-th largest. We can also store the neighbors in a max-heap? Actually, we can use a min-heap to store the negative of the neighbor values. But that might be confusing.

Alternatively, we can store the neighbors in a min-heap that contains the smallest 10 largest? No.

Standard approach for k largest is to use a min-heap of size k. But here k is fixed to at most 10, but we are storing up to 10. However, note that we are asked for the k-th largest (k from 1 to 10). We don't know k in advance, but we know that we only need the top 10.

So, we can for each vertex, maintain a min-heap (priority queue) that contains the largest 10 neighbors (so that the smallest in the heap is the 10th largest). Then, to answer a query for k, we need to return the k-th largest. 

How to get the k-th largest from the min-heap that contains the top 10 largest? 

Actually, if we have a min-heap of the top 10 largest (so that the root is the smallest among the top 10), then the k-th largest is the (k-1)-th element in the sorted list (descending) of the heap. But we don't have the entire list. We can store the heap and then sort it? But that would be O(10 log 10) which is acceptable.

But note: we are updating the graph with edges, and each edge update might add a neighbor to a vertex. We have to update the heap for both vertices.

Steps for adding an edge (u, v):
1. For vertex u, if v is not already in the top 10 largest of u, then add v to the min-heap (if the heap size is less than 10) or if the heap size is 10, then if v is greater than the smallest in the heap (the root) then replace the root with v and then heapify. But wait, we want the largest 10. So we want to keep the 10 largest. So we can do:

   We maintain a min-heap for the largest 10 neighbors. Then, when we add a new neighbor, we push it and then if the heap size is more than 10, we pop the smallest (which is the root). But note: we want the largest 10. Actually, we want the top 10 largest, so we can use a min-heap to keep the 10 largest by pushing the new value and then popping the smallest if the heap size exceeds 10.

But note: we are storing the largest 10. Then the heap will have 10 elements (if there are at least 10 neighbors) and the smallest element in the heap is the 10th largest.

But then, to get the k-th largest, we can:

   We have a min-heap of the top 10 largest. Then, the k-th largest is the element that is at position (k-1) from the top (largest) in the heap? Actually, no: the heap is a min-heap, so the root is the smallest in the heap (which is the 10th largest). The largest is the maximum element, which is not necessarily in the heap? Actually, we are storing the largest 10, so the maximum is the first element of the heap? No, the heap doesn't store the maximum at the top. 

Actually, we are storing the 10 largest numbers in a min-heap. Then the maximum is the largest number, and the heap is only storing the 10 largest. But the heap does not keep the maximum at the root. The root is the minimum of the 10.

But we can store the 10 largest in a max-heap? We can use negative values.

Alternatively, we can store the 10 largest in a min-heap, but then to get the k-th largest, we can sort the heap in descending order. Since the heap has at most 10 elements, we can do:

   Let the heap be `h` (min-heap for the largest 10). Then, we can take the list of the heap and sort it in descending order: sorted_list = sorted(h, reverse=True). Then the k-th largest is sorted_list[k-1] (if the heap has at least k elements).

But note: the heap might have fewer than 10 elements. Then we only store the available largest.

But wait, we are storing the largest 10, but if there are less than 10, we store all. Then the k-th largest is the k-th element in the sorted_list (descending) if k is <= len(heap). Otherwise, if k > len(heap), then we output -1.

But note:
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import heapq
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); q = int(next(it))
    
    # We'll create an array (list) for each vertex from 1 to n.
    # Each element is a min-heap (for the largest neighbors) but we want to keep the largest 10.
    # We'll store the heap for each vertex. But note: we are only asked for the k-th largest, and k is at most 10.
    # We'll use a list of heaps (min-heaps) for each vertex. But we want the largest 10, so we store the 10 largest in a min-heap.
    # However, we want to be able to get the k-th largest. We can store the 10 largest (or less) in a min-heap, then to get the k-th largest, we can sort the heap in descending order and pick the (k-1)-th element.

    # But note: the graph is undirected. We have to update both u and v.

    # We'll create a list `graph` of size n+1 (index from 1 to n). Each element is a min-heap (for the largest neighbors) but we want to keep the largest 10. However, we can also use a list of lists and then use heapq to maintain the min-heap for the largest 10.

    # Alternatively, we can use a list of lists and then use heapq.nlargest(10, list) but that is O(n) and n can be large. But we are only storing up to 10, so we can do:

    # We'll maintain for each vertex a min-heap (for the largest 10) and also we need to avoid duplicates? Actually, each edge is added once, and we are adding the same edge twice (for u and v). But note: the graph is undirected, so when we add edge (u, v), we add v to u's list and u to v's list.

    # However, we must avoid adding the same neighbor multiple times? Actually, the input says "1 u v" and u < v, so no duplicate edges. But note: the graph is undirected, so we are adding both directions.

    # We'll create an array `neighbors` of size n+1 (index 0 unused). Each element is a min-heap (for the largest 10 neighbors). But note: we want the largest 10, so we can push the neighbor and then if the heap size exceeds 10, pop the smallest.

    # However, we must be cautious: we are storing the largest 10. So we want to keep the 10 largest. We can do:

    # For a vertex v, when we add a neighbor u, we push u to the heap. Then if the heap has more than 10, we pop the smallest.

    # But note: the same neighbor might be added multiple times? No, because edges are unique.

    # Steps for adding an edge (u, v):
    #   For vertex u: push v to the heap. Then if len(heap) > 10, pop the smallest.
    #   For vertex v: push u to the heap. Then if len(heap) > 10, pop the smallest.

    # Then for a query (2 v k):
    #   Let h = neighbors[v]
    #   If the heap has less than k elements, output -1.
    #   Else, we want the k-th largest. We can get the k-th largest by taking the k-th largest from the heap. But note: the heap is a min-heap of the largest 10. The k-th largest is the (k-1)-th element in the sorted list (descending) of the heap.

    # But note: the heap is a min-heap, so the smallest element is at the top. We can get the k-th largest by:

    #   Let sorted_list = sorted(h, reverse=True)   # This gives descending order: [max, ..., min]
    #   Then the k-th largest is sorted_list[k-1] (if k <= len(h))

    # However, we can also use nlargest(k, h) which returns the k largest in descending order. Then the first element is the largest, the second is the second largest, etc.

    # But note: we are storing the largest 10, so we can use heapq.nlargest(k, h) to get the k largest. Then the k-th largest is the last element of the list returned by nlargest(k, h)? No, the nlargest(k, h) returns the k largest in descending order. So the first element is the largest