=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a road extending east and west, and N persons are on the road.
The road extends infinitely long to the east and west from a point called the origin.
The i-th person (1\leq i\leq N) is initially at a position X_i meters east from the origin.
The persons can move along the road to the east or west.
Specifically, they can perform the following movement any number of times.

- Choose one person. If there is no other person at the destination, move the chosen person 1 meter east or west.

They have Q tasks in total, and the i-th task (1\leq i\leq Q) is as follows.

- The T_i-th person arrives at coordinate G_i.

Find the minimum total number of movements required to complete all Q tasks in order.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
X_1 X_2 \ldots X_N
Q
T_1 G_1
T_2 G_2
\vdots
T_Q G_Q

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 1\leq N\leq2\times10^5
- 0\leq X_1 < X_2 < \dotsb < X_N \leq10^8
- 1\leq Q\leq2\times10^5
- 1\leq T_i\leq N\ (1\leq i\leq Q)
- 0\leq G_i\leq10^8\ (1\leq i\leq Q)
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

5
10 20 30 40 50
4
3 45
4 20
1 35
2 60

Sample Output 1

239

An optimal sequence of movements for the persons is as follows (the positions of the persons are not necessarily drawn to scale):

For each task, the persons move as follows.

- The 4th person moves 6 steps east, and the 3rd person moves 15 steps east.
- The 2nd person moves 2 steps west, the 3rd person moves 26 steps west, and the 4th person moves 26 steps west.
- The 4th person moves 18 steps east, the 3rd person moves 18 steps east, the 2nd person moves 18 steps east, and the 1st person moves 25 steps east.
- The 5th person moves 13 steps east, the 4th person moves 24 steps east, the 3rd person moves 24 steps east, and the 2nd person moves 24 steps east.

The total number of movements is 21+54+79+85=239.
You cannot complete all tasks with a total movement count of 238 or less, so print 239.

Sample Input 2

8
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 100000000
6
1 100000000
8 0
1 100000000
8 4
1 100000000
5 21006578

Sample Output 2

4294967297

Note that some persons may need to move to the west of the origin or more than 10^8 meters to the east of it.
Also, note that the answer may exceed 2^{32}.

Sample Input 3

12
1558 3536 3755 3881 4042 4657 5062 7558 7721 8330 8542 9845
8
9 1694
7 3296
12 5299
5 5195
5 5871
1 2491
8 1149
8 2996

Sample Output 3

89644

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I'm trying to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me read through the problem statement again to make sure I understand it.

There's a road that goes east and west, and N persons are on this road. Each person is initially at a given position X_i, and they can move 1 meter east or west, but only if the destination is free of other persons. The goal is to handle Q tasks, where each task specifies that a certain person (T_i) must arrive at a specific coordinate (G_i). 

The challenge is to find the minimum total number of movements required to complete all Q tasks in order. Each movement is counted individually, and multiple persons can move, but the catch is that when moving a person, the destination must be free of any other person.

Hmm, the problem seems complex because the movements are interdependent. When moving one person, we have to ensure that the destination doesn't have another person. But the tasks must be completed in order, and each task specifies a specific person must be at a specific location.

Let me think about the sample input. There are 5 persons at positions 10,20,30,40,50. Then 4 tasks: 
1. The 3rd person (at 30) must go to 45.
2. The 4th person (at 40) must go to 20.
3. The 1st person (at 10) must go to 35.
4. The 2nd person (at 20) must go to 60.

The sample solution says the total movements are 239.

Wait, the movements are done in a sequence, and each task is completed one after another. So after the first task, the 3rd person is at 45. Then for the second task, the 4th person must be at 20. But initially, after the first task, the 3rd person is at 45. So the 4th person is at 40, and we need to move it to 20. But there are other persons: the 1st is at 10, 2nd at 20, 3rd at 45, 5th at 50. So if we try to move the 4th person from 40 to 20, we have to pass through 30, which has the 3rd person? Or maybe we have to move others first.

Wait, actually, in the sample explanation, for the second task, they move the 2nd person 2 steps west, the 3rd 26 steps west, and the 4th 26 steps west. So they moved the 2nd person from 20 to 18, the 3rd from 45 to 19, and the 4th from 40 to 14. Then the 4th person is at 14, which is west of 20, so to get to 20, they have to move 6 steps east? But the task is to have the 4th person at 20. So maybe after moving, the 4th person is at 20, and the others are moved to avoid blocking.

Wait, the problem states: "If there is no other person at the destination, move the chosen person 1 meter east or west." So when moving, the destination must be free. So to move a person, we have to clear the path if necessary.

But then, the tasks must be completed in order. So after the first task, the 3rd person is at 45. Then for the second task, we need the 4th person to be at 20. But to move the 4th person from 40 to 20, we have to move it from 40 to 20, which is 20 meters west. But between 40 and 20, there are positions that might be occupied by other persons. Specifically, the 2nd person is at 20, and the 3rd person is at 45. So when moving the 4th person from 40 to 20, we have to avoid having any person at the destination (20) and also during the movement, we can't have two persons at the same point.

But the sample solution says they moved the 2nd person 2 steps west (to 18), the 3rd 26 steps west (to 19), and the 4th 26 steps west (to 14). Then the 4th person is at 14, which is not 20. Wait, that doesn't make sense. Maybe I misread.

Wait, the sample explanation says:
- For each task, the persons move as follows.

- The 4th person moves 6 steps east, and the 3rd person moves 15 steps east.
Wait, that's for the first task? The first task is the 3rd person to 45. So the 3rd person is at 30, and to get to 45, that's 15 steps east. Then the 4th person moves 6 steps east? Why? The task is only about the 3rd person. Maybe they moved the 4th person to avoid future tasks? Or maybe the movement is done in such a way that multiple tasks are considered together.

Wait, the problem says: "Find the minimum total number of movements required to complete all Q tasks in order." So the movements can be done in any order, but each task must be completed in sequence. So we can plan the entire sequence of movements to minimize the total steps, considering that each movement must have a free destination.

But the key is that after each task, the specified person must be at the given coordinate, and the other persons can be anywhere (as long as no two are at the same point). Also, we can move any person any number of times, but we have to pay for each movement.

This seems like a dynamic programming or greedy problem. But with constraints up to 200,000, we need an efficient solution.

Let me try to break it down.

Each task is: person T_i must be at G_i. We have to complete tasks one by one. But the state of the system (positions of all persons) changes after each task.

But if we store the entire state (all positions) for each task, that would be too expensive (Q and N up to 200,000).

We need to find a way to compute the minimal total movement without tracking each person's exact position.

Let me consider the following:

After each task, the specified person is fixed at G_i. The other persons are free to be anywhere, but the minimal total movement might be achieved by keeping the other persons as close as possible to their original positions, but avoiding collisions.

But collisions must be avoided. So when moving a person, we have to shift others if necessary.

Alternatively, think of the entire process as a sequence of goal positions for each task. The goal is to have the specified person at G_i for the i-th task, and we can move any person any number of times, but each move is 1 meter and must have a free destination.

This problem resembles the problem of moving people on a line with no two people at the same point, and we have to assign positions for each task.

But the problem is that the tasks are sequential, and the state (positions) from the previous task is the starting state for the next.

This is similar to problems like "minimum moves to satisfy multiple conditions" but with dependencies.

I remember a similar problem where you have to move people to certain positions without collisions, and the minimal total movement is the sum of the distances from the initial positions to the final positions, but with the constraint that the order of the people must be preserved (because if you swap two people, you have to move them past each other, which adds extra steps).

Wait, that's a key point: the relative order of the persons must remain the same, because you cannot swap two persons without moving one past the other, which would require that the path is clear. But actually, the problem doesn't explicitly say that the order must be preserved, but the movement condition (destination must be free) implies that if two persons are adjacent, you cannot swap them without moving one of them over the other.

But actually, if two persons are adjacent, you can move one of them over the other only if the destination is free. So if you have two persons at positions a and b (a < b), and you want to swap them, you must move the left one (at a) to a+1, then a+2, etc., until it is to the right of b, and then the other one can move left. But that would require a lot of steps.

Alternatively, we can think that the minimal total movement is achieved when we keep the relative order of the persons (because swapping two persons would require extra steps). So the final positions for the entire process must be a permutation of the initial positions, but actually, no: the persons can end up in any order? But wait, the problem does not specify that the persons must keep their identity. Actually, each task specifies a particular person (by index T_i) must be at G_i. So the same person (by index) must be at the specified coordinate for that task.

Wait, no: the tasks specify "the T_i-th person" (by their initial index). So the person with initial index 1 is always the same person, etc.

So the persons are distinct and have fixed identities. Therefore, we must track the positions of each person.

But the problem is that we have to move them without collisions.

This problem is similar to the problem of moving multiple objects on a line with minimal total movement and without collisions. The classic solution for such problems is to assign final positions that are a permutation of the initial positions, but here the tasks specify that at each step, a particular person must be at a certain coordinate.

But we have to complete the tasks in order. So after each task, that person must be at the given coordinate, and the other persons can be anywhere (as long as no two are at the same point).

We need to minimize the total movement (each meter counts).

This is a complex problem. Let me try to think of it step by step.

First, note that the movements are reversible and the cost is the absolute distance moved. The minimal total movement for each task is independent if we can move the persons arbitrarily without considering the next task? But the state (positions) of the persons after one task becomes the starting state for the next. So we have to consider the entire sequence.

But the state space is too large to store (each person's position). We need to find a way to represent the state with less information.

Alternatively, we can model the problem as a graph where nodes are tasks and edges represent the movement between tasks, but that doesn't seem straightforward.

Wait, let me consider that the persons must maintain their relative order. Because if two persons are adjacent, moving one over the other requires that they swap, which would break the order. Actually, the problem does not require the order to be preserved, but the minimal way is to keep the order. Because if we break the order, we have to move one person over the other, which adds extra steps.

So the minimal total movement is achieved when the relative order of the persons remains the same throughout. Therefore, the final positions (for the last task) must be a permutation of the initial positions, but actually, the same person must be at the specified coordinate for each task, so the positions are changing.

But the key is that the relative order of the persons must be preserved because swapping two persons would require moving them past each other, which is more costly.

Therefore, we can assume that the persons will maintain their initial order (left to right). So the i-th person (initially at X_i) will always be to the left of the j-th person (initially at X_j) if i < j.

This is a crucial observation. Because if we break the order, we have to pay the cost of swapping, which is the distance between the two persons times 2 (each has to move over the other's initial path). But actually, the minimal cost to swap two adjacent persons is the distance between them multiplied by 2 (each moves over the other's path). So maintaining the order is beneficial.

Therefore, we can assume that the persons will always be in increasing order of their indices (i.e., the person with the smallest index is the leftmost, etc.). This is the natural order given the input (X_1 < X_2 < ... < X_N).

So the problem reduces to: we have N persons, initially sorted by position. After each task, one of the persons (specified by T_i) must be at a given coordinate. We can move the persons arbitrarily (any number of times) but must avoid collisions (so the order must be preserved). We need to compute the minimal total movement.

But note: the tasks specify which person (by index) must be at G_i. So the same person (by index) must be moved to G_i in the i-th task.

But the movements can be interleaved arbitrarily. We can move multiple persons in any order, as long as the destination is free.

Now, the problem is: given the initial positions and a sequence of tasks (each task: a person and a target coordinate), find the minimal total movement (each meter counts) to satisfy all tasks in order.

This is a complex problem. I think we need to use dynamic programming or state compression.

But note the constraints: N and Q up to 200,000. So we need an O(NQ) or better solution? Probably not, because 200,000^2 is 40e9, which is too slow in Python.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: for each task, we have a target for a specific person. The minimal total movement is the sum of the movements for each task, but the movements in one task might be influenced by the previous state.

But the state (the positions of all persons) is too complex to store.

Alternatively, we can consider that the minimal total movement is the sum over each task of the minimal movement required to get that person to the target, given the current positions of the other persons. But the current positions depend on the previous tasks.

Wait, but the problem is that the movements from one task might affect the next. For example, if we move a person to the left to satisfy a task, then the next task for a different person might require moving that person further, and we can use the fact that the path is already cleared.

But how to compute the minimal movement for each task without knowing the exact positions of all persons?

Another idea: the minimal total movement is the sum of the absolute differences between the initial positions and the final positions, but adjusted for the fact that the persons must pass each other (if they cross). But the tasks specify intermediate targets.

Wait, no. The tasks are sequential, and the target for a person in task i is G_i. But the same person might be moved multiple times. The total movement for a person is the sum of the distances moved in each task.

But note: the movement in one task might be broken into multiple steps, and the steps must not collide with other persons. But because we can move any person at any time, we can plan the entire sequence optimally.

Actually, we can consider that the entire process is equivalent to assigning to each person a sequence of positions (the positions they are in after each task) such that the order is preserved and the target for each task is met.

But the problem is that the tasks specify that at the i-th task, the T_i-th person must be at G_i. So for each task, we have one person's position fixed.

But the other persons are free. So the minimal total movement is the sum over all tasks of the minimal movement required to get that specific person to the target, given the current positions (from the previous task) and the positions of the other persons (which we can choose arbitrarily, as long as the order is preserved).

But the positions of the other persons are also changing over tasks.

This seems very intertwined.

Let me try to formalize:

Let the initial positions be P_0 = [X_1, X_2, ..., X_N] (sorted).

After each task i, we have a state S_i which is a list of positions for each person, with the same order (because the order is preserved). The task i requires that the T_i-th person (the person with index T_i) is at G_i. The movement from S_{i-1} to S_i must be such that we move each person (or at least the T_i-th) to their new position, and the total movement is the sum of the absolute differences between consecutive positions for each person.

But the minimal total movement is the sum of the absolute differences for each person between consecutive tasks, but with the constraint that the order is preserved and that at task i, the T_i-th person is at G_i.

But note: we are allowed to move any person any number of times, so we can break the movement of a person into multiple tasks. But the total movement for a person is the sum of the absolute differences of its positions between consecutive tasks.

Wait, but the state S_i is the positions after task i. So the total movement for a person is the sum of |position in task i - position in task i-1| for each task i where the person was moved.

But the problem is that the state S_i must satisfy that the T_i-th person is at G_i, and the entire set of positions must be in increasing order (because the order is preserved).

So the problem is: given a sequence of tasks (each task specifies a person and a target coordinate), and an initial state (sorted positions), find a sequence of states S_0, S_1, ..., S_Q (each S_i is a sorted list of N positions) such that:
- S_0 is the initial positions.
- For each i from 1 to Q, the T_i-th person in S_i is G_i.
- The sequence of states is such that the total movement (sum of |S_i[j] - S_{i-1}[j]| for all j) is minimized.

But the state space is too large to store explicitly.

We need a smarter way.

Alternatively, we can consider that the minimal total movement is independent of the order of tasks? No, because tasks must be done in order.

But note: the tasks specify which person must be at which coordinate. So the same person might be moved multiple times.

Another idea: the entire movement is equivalent to moving each person from their initial position to their final position (after all tasks) but with the constraint that the order is preserved and intermediate targets are fixed.

But the intermediate targets are fixed per task.

Wait, but the problem is that the tasks are sequential, so we have to satisfy each task's condition at the moment.

This seems like a problem that might be solved by simulating the tasks and keeping track of the current positions, but updating the positions of all persons for each task would be too slow.

But note: we don't need to know all positions, only the positions of the persons that are involved in the tasks and the ones that are blocking.

Wait, but the blocking condition depends on all persons.

Alternatively, we can use a greedy approach: for each task, we must move the specified person to G_i. To do that, we might have to move other persons out of the way. The minimal movement for the task is the minimal steps to get that person to G_i, given the current positions and the requirement that no two persons are at the same point.

But the minimal steps for a single task (ignoring previous tasks) is the minimal way to move that person to G_i without having to move others, but if others are in the way, we have to move them.

But the minimal way to move one person from x to y without collisions is to "jump" over the other persons, which requires that we move the other persons out of the way. But moving a person out of the way requires additional steps.

This is similar to the problem of moving a token on a line with obstacles (the other persons). The minimal steps to move the token from x to y is the distance (y - x) plus twice the sum of the distances of the obstacles that are in between (because you have to move each obstacle either to the left or right to let the token pass).

But wait, no. Actually, to move a token from x to y, if there are obstacles between x and y, you must move the obstacles out of the way. Each obstacle (person) between x and y must be moved either to the left of x or to the right of y. The minimal cost is the distance from the obstacle to the boundary (x or y) because you have to move it that far.

But in our case, the token is one of the persons (the T_i-th person). And there are other persons (obstacles) that must be moved out of the way.

But the problem is that the obstacles (other persons) also have their own tasks to complete in the future. But for the current task, we only care about getting the T_i-th person to G_i.

But the minimal movement for the current task is the minimal steps to clear the path for the T_i-th person to reach G_i. Then, after that, the other persons can be moved arbitrarily (but we have to account for the total movement).

But the problem is that the minimal movement for the current task might be achieved by moving the T_i-th person directly to G_i, but if there are other persons in the way, we have to move them.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().strip().split()
    if not data:
        return
    
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it))
    xs = [int(next(it)) for _ in range(n)]
    q = int(next(it))
    tasks = []
    for _ in range(q):
        t = int(next(it))
        g = int(next(it))
        tasks.append((t, g))
    
    # We'll maintain the current positions of the persons (list of n integers)
    # But updating all positions for each task would be O(n) per task, which is O(n*q) and too slow for n,q up to 200000.
    # We need a smarter way.

    # However, note that the problem is very complex and the intended solution might be to use a segment tree or similar to track the positions and the required movements.

    # But given the complexity and constraints, I suspect that the intended solution is to use a greedy approach with a balanced tree or segment tree to track the positions and the gaps.

    # Alternatively, we can consider that the minimal total movement is the sum of the absolute differences between the initial positions and the final positions, but with adjustments for the order.

    # But the tasks specify intermediate targets.

    # After reading sample solutions for similar problems, I recall that one common approach is to use a "greedy" method where we move the required person to the target, and then adjust the positions of the other persons to maintain the order, but the cost is the sum of the movements.

    # However, without a clear algorithm, I must admit that this problem is very challenging.

    # Given the time constraints, I'll output a placeholder solution that might not be correct but demonstrates the structure.

    # We'll simulate the tasks one by one, and for each task, we'll move the specified person to the target, and adjust the other persons to maintain the order.

    # But the minimal movement for a task is not just moving the specified person, but also moving others if they are in the way.

    # Steps for a task (t, g):
    #   Let the current positions be stored in an array `pos` of length n (indexed 0 to n-1, corresponding to person 1 to n).
    #   We need to move the (t-1)-th person to g.
    #   But there might be other persons between the current position of the t-1-th person and g.
    #   We must move those persons out of the way.

    # However, moving a person out of the way might require moving them to the left or right, and the cost is the distance moved.

    # But note: the order must be preserved. So if we move a person to the left, we must ensure that no person to the left is to the right of that person, and similarly for the right.

    # This is very complex.

    # Given the complexity, I decide to output a solution that works for small inputs (n, q <= 1000) but not for the full constraints.

    # For small inputs, we can simulate:

    #   current_positions = sorted(xs)  # but initially sorted by X_i, and the order is by index? Actually, the input gives the initial positions in increasing order, and the persons are numbered 1 to n.

    #   But the initial positions are given in increasing order, so the person with index 1 is at xs[0], index 2 at xs[1], etc.

    #   For each task (t, g):
    #       Let i = t-1 (0-indexed person index)
    #       We need to move the i-th person to g.
    #       But the other persons must be moved to avoid collisions.

    #       We can do:
    #           Let left = the set of persons to the left of i (indices < i)
    #           Let right = the set of persons to the right of i (indices > i)

    #       To move the i-th person to g, we must ensure that no person is at g and that the path is clear.

    #       However, the minimal way is to move the i-th person directly to g, but if there are persons between the current position and g, we must move them.

    #       But moving a person from their current position to a new position (either to the left or right) costs the distance moved.

    #       We can choose to move the blocking persons to the left (if they are to the right of the i-th person) or to the right (if they are to the left). But the choice affects future tasks.

    #       However, for minimal movement in this task, we can move the blocking persons to the nearest boundary (either the current position of the i-th person or g) but that might not be minimal