=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a directed graph with N vertices and M edges. The vertices are numbered 1,2,\dots,N. Edge j (j=1,2,\dots,M) goes from vertex u_j to vertex v_j. It is guaranteed that vertex N is reachable from vertex 1.
Initially, all edges have weight 0. We choose exactly K out of the M edges and change their weights to 1. Find the maximum possible value of the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex N in the resulting graph.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M K
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_M v_M

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 2 \leq N \leq 30
- 1 \leq K \leq M \leq 100
- 1 \leq u_j, v_j \leq N
- u_j \neq v_j
- In the given graph, vertex N is reachable from vertex 1.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3 3 2
1 2
2 3
1 3

Sample Output 1

1

By choosing edges 1,3, the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex 3 becomes 1. There is no way to make the shortest distance 2 or greater, so the answer is 1.

Sample Input 2

4 4 3
1 2
1 3
3 2
2 4

Sample Output 2

2

By choosing edges 1,2,4, the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex 4 becomes 2. There is no way to make the shortest distance 3 or greater, so the answer is 2.

Sample Input 3

2 2 1
1 2
1 2

Sample Output 3

0

Note that there may be multi-edges.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I've got this problem where I need to maximize the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex N in a directed graph by flipping exactly K edges to weight 1. Initially, all edges are weight 0, and flipping an edge means setting its weight to 1. The graph has up to 30 vertices, 100 edges, and K can be up to 100.

First, I need to understand the problem clearly. The goal is to choose K edges to set to weight 1 so that the shortest path from 1 to N is as long as possible. But wait, actually, the problem says "Find the maximum possible value of the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex N". So, we want to make the shortest path as long as possible by strategically choosing which edges to set to 1.

But wait, initially, all edges are 0, so the shortest path would just be the number of edges in the shortest path (since each edge has weight 0). But when we set edges to 1, we're increasing the weight of those edges. However, in the problem, the edges that are flipped have weight 1, and the rest are 0. So the graph becomes a mix of edges with weight 0 and 1.

But then, the shortest path from 1 to N would be the minimum sum of weights along any path. Since we can set K edges to 1, we want to maximize that minimum sum. 

Wait, actually, the problem is asking for the maximum possible value of the shortest distance. So, we want to choose K edges to set to 1 such that the shortest path from 1 to N is as large as possible.

But note: the graph initially has edges of weight 0. The shortest path without any flips is just the number of edges in the shortest path (if we use edges with weight 0). But when we flip edges to 1, we're effectively adding a cost of 1 for each flipped edge. So, if we flip edges, then the shortest path might become longer.

But wait, the problem is: by flipping exactly K edges, we want to maximize the shortest distance from 1 to N. So, we are allowed to flip K edges (set their weight to 1) and then the graph has edges with two weights: 0 and 1. The shortest path is the minimum sum of weights from 1 to N.

But note: we are to choose exactly K edges to flip. So, we have to flip exactly K edges, even if flipping them doesn't help. 

So, the problem is: choose K edges to set to 1 (and the rest remain 0) such that the shortest path from 1 to N is as large as possible.

Alternatively, we can think: we want to force the shortest path to be as long as possible. To do that, we need to "block" the short paths and force the path to take more edges (each of which might have a weight of 0 or 1). But wait, actually, the edges that are set to 1 add a cost of 1, so if a path uses a flipped edge, it adds 1 to the total. But we can also have edges that are not flipped (weight 0) and we can use as many as we want.

Actually, the problem is similar to: we are allowed to set K edges to have a positive cost (1), and we want the shortest path from 1 to N to be as long as possible.

This sounds like a minimax problem. We want to maximize the minimum path.

Wait, but note: we can set edges to 1, which effectively makes them more expensive. So, by setting edges to 1, we are increasing the cost of paths that use them. Therefore, we can "block" cheap paths by making the edges expensive.

But we have to set exactly K edges to 1. So, we need to choose which edges to set to 1 in order to maximize the minimum path from 1 to N.

Alternatively, we can think: what is the longest minimum path we can achieve by setting K edges to 1?

We can use a binary search on the answer (the maximum shortest distance). Let's call the answer D. Then, we need to check if there exists a way to choose K edges to set to 1 such that the shortest path from 1 to N is at least D.

But note: the shortest path's length (in terms of weight) is the sum of the weights of the edges. Since we can have edges of 0 and 1, the shortest path would be the minimum number of 1-weight edges that must be included in any path, plus the 0-weight edges? Actually, no. The 0-weight edges don't add to the cost, so the total cost is the number of 1-weight edges on the path.

Wait, no: the total cost is the sum of the weights. Each edge is either 0 or 1. So, the total cost is the number of edges that are set to 1 (the flipped ones) that lie on the path.

So, the shortest path from 1 to N is the minimum number of flipped edges that must be used in any path from 1 to N.

But wait, actually, the path can use any edges, and the total cost is the count of flipped edges on that path. So, the shortest path is the minimum, over all paths, of the number of flipped edges in that path.

But note: we are allowed to flip exactly K edges, and we choose which K edges to flip.

So, we need to choose a set S of K edges to flip (set to 1) such that the minimum number of edges from S that must be taken in any path from 1 to N is as large as possible.

Wait, that is equivalent to: we want to force every path from 1 to N to go through at least D flipped edges (for the maximum D). 

But note: we are only flipping K edges. So, we need to choose S (of size K) such that the minimum number of edges from S that must be used by any path from 1 to N is D (and we want to maximize D).

This is similar to the concept of a "cut" or "vertex separator", but here it's edges. Actually, it's more like a hitting set for paths: we want to hit every path from 1 to N with at least D edges from S.

But note: the problem is to set K edges to 1, and then the shortest path is the minimum number of 1's (flipped edges) on any path. So, we are effectively looking for the maximum D such that there exists a set S of K edges that hits every path from 1 to N at least D times? Actually, no: we are not necessarily hitting every path D times. We want that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is D. 

Wait, no: the condition is that the shortest path (minimum total weight) is D. The total weight is the number of flipped edges in the path. So, we want that the minimum number of flipped edges in any path from 1 to N is D. 

But note: we are allowed to set exactly K edges to 1, and we choose which ones. We want to maximize D.

This is a classic problem that can be solved by considering the concept of edge cuts or by using a binary search with a flow-like algorithm (or rather, a path enumeration). But with N=30, we can't iterate over all paths.

Alternatively, we can use the idea of the "bottleneck" or "critical edges". 

But note: the problem is similar to the "minimum number of edges to remove so that the shortest path from 1 to N is at least D", but here we are adding edges (by flipping) and we want to maximize the minimum path.

Wait, actually, we can use the concept of "reaching N with a certain number of flipped edges". 

We can use a BFS-like approach with state (vertex, number of flipped edges used so far) but that might be too heavy because we have 30 vertices and K up to 100, and the path can use up to N-1 edges (at most 29 edges). But we are not storing the entire path, just the count.

But wait, we are trying to maximize the minimum path (the minimum number of flipped edges required to reach N). 

Actually, we can reframe: we want to find the maximum D such that there exists a set S (of size K) of edges, and there is no path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S.

Wait, that's the same as: we want that every path from 1 to N must use at least D edges from S. Then, the shortest path (minimum total weight) is D, because the path must have at least D edges from S (each contributing 1) and the rest are 0, so the total weight is at least D.

But note: we are choosing S (exactly K edges) and we want the maximum D such that the condition holds.

This is equivalent to: we want to choose S (|S|=K) such that the minimum number of edges from S that must be used by any path from 1 to N is D, and we want to maximize D.

But note: if we set D, then we can ask: is there a set S (of size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S?

But note: the condition "every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S" is equivalent to: the set S is a D-edge cover for all paths from 1 to N. 

But note: the set S must be chosen from M edges, and we choose exactly K.

Alternatively, we can use a binary search on D (from 0 to the maximum possible, which is the number of edges in the longest path from 1 to N, but actually, we are limited by the edges we flip, and we can only flip K edges). 

But note: we can only flip K edges, so D cannot exceed K (because if a path uses more than K edges from S, then we haven't set those edges to 1, so they are 0? Actually, no: the edges we flip are set to 1, and the rest are 0. So, the total weight of a path is the number of edges from S that are in the path. So, if we want the minimum total weight to be D, then we must have that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S, and we are allowed to choose S (of size K). 

But note: we are allowed to flip only K edges, so we can only "mark" K edges. Then, the condition is that every path must contain at least D of these K edges.

This is a classic set cover or hitting set problem, but we are trying to maximize D (the minimum number of hits on any path) and we have a constraint on the number of edges (K) we choose.

This problem is similar to the "minimum edge cut" but in terms of counting the edges from a set.

But note: the problem is to maximize D, the minimum number of edges from S that must be present in any path. 

We can use the following approach:

1. Let D_min be the minimum number of edges from S that must be used by any path from 1 to N. We want to maximize D_min by choosing S (of size K).

2. Alternatively, we can use a flow-like approach or use the idea of "vertex-disjoint paths" but with edge constraints.

But note: the graph is small (N=30, M=100). We can try to use BFS with state (node, count) but that might be too heavy because we don't know the count.

Wait, we can use a different idea: 

We want to force every path from 1 to N to have at least D edges from S. This is equivalent to: the set S must be a D-hitting set for the set of all paths from 1 to N.

But note: the set of all paths from 1 to N can be huge. However, we can use the concept of "min-cut" in terms of edges. 

Actually, we can use the following: 

Define a graph and then consider that we are going to set D as the minimum number of edges from S that must be taken. Then, we can think: what is the maximum D such that there is a set S (size K) that hits every path at least D times.

But note: we can also use linear programming or integer programming, but that might be too heavy for N=30 and M=100, and K up to 100.

Alternatively, we can use the idea of "edge coloring" or "path cover" but I'm not sure.

Wait, there's a known concept: the minimum number of edges to remove to disconnect 1 and N is the edge connectivity. But here, we are not removing, we are flipping.

Wait, another idea: 

We can use binary search on D. For a fixed D, we want to check if there exists a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use the following: 

We need to choose S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S. 

This is equivalent to: the complement set (edges not in S) does not allow any path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S. 

But note: the condition is that every path from 1 to N must use at least D edges from S. 

We can model this as: 

We need to ensure that in the graph with edges set to 1 only those in S, the shortest path (in terms of the number of 1-edges) from 1 to N is at least D. But wait, no: the total weight of the path is the number of 1-edges (flipped edges) in it. So, if we set S, then the weight of an edge is 1 if it's in S, else 0. Then, the shortest path is the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

But we are choosing S (size K) to maximize that minimum.

But note: we are not constrained by the total number of edges we use, just the number of flipped edges (which is K).

Wait, actually, we are flipping exactly K edges, so the set S has exactly K edges.

Now, to check for a fixed D: is there a set S (size K) such that the shortest path from 1 to N (with edge weights 1 for edges in S and 0 otherwise) is at least D?

Wait, no: the shortest path is the minimum total weight, which is the minimum number of edges from S on any path. So, if we set S, then the shortest path is the minimum over paths of the count of edges from S in that path. 

But note: we are allowed to choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

Then, the condition for a fixed D is: the minimum number of edges from S that must be present in any path from 1 to N is at least D. 

But note: we are choosing S (size K). So, we need to check: is there a set S (size K) such that the minimum over all paths from 1 to N of (number of edges in S in the path) is at least D?

Wait, no: the condition is that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is at least D. But note, that minimum is the shortest path's weight (which is the number of edges from S). 

But actually, the condition is that the shortest path (minimum total weight) is at least D. 

But wait, the total weight is the sum of the weights of the edges. Each edge in S has weight 1, others 0. So, the total weight of a path is the number of edges from S that are in that path.

So, we want the minimum total weight (over all paths) to be at least D.

But note: we are allowed to choose S (size K). So, we want to choose S (size K) such that the minimum total weight of any path from 1 to N is at least D.

But note: if we choose S, then the graph has edges with weight 0 (not in S) and 1 (in S). Then, the shortest path is the minimum sum (which is the number of edges from S) on any path.

But note: we can also use edges not in S (weight 0) arbitrarily. So, the goal is to force every path to have at least D edges from S.

But wait, we are not forcing the entire graph to have edges from S, but we are setting S to be the flipped edges (weight 1). Then, the shortest path is the minimum number of 1's we have to use.

Now, to check for a fixed D: is there a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S?

This is equivalent to: the set S must be a "D-cover" for all paths from 1 to N.

But note: the set S must be chosen from the edges, and we can only choose K edges.

But note: the condition is that no path from 1 to N has fewer than D edges from S. 

This is similar to the "edge multi-cover" problem, but we are covering paths with edges, and we want each path to be covered at least D times (by the edges in S). 

But note: an edge can cover multiple paths, but we are constrained by the number of edges (K).

But note: the problem is asking for the maximum D.

We can use a binary search on D (from 0 to, say, the maximum possible path length in terms of edges, but actually D is bounded by K because we can only flip K edges, so the minimum path cannot have more than K edges from S (if a path uses more than K edges from S, then we don't have enough flipped edges to set all of them to 1, so actually, the condition is that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is D, and we can choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

Wait, actually, the minimum number of edges from S in any path cannot exceed the length of the path, but the maximum D we can achieve is limited by the structure of the graph.

But note: we can only flip K edges, so if a path has length L (number of edges) and we want to force that path to have at least D edges from S, then D cannot exceed L. But also, we must cover all paths.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use a flow-like approach or a state-space search.

But note: the graph is small (N=30). We can consider the following: 

We want to check if there exists a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

This is equivalent to: the graph with edges having two types (0 and 1) must have the minimum path (in terms of 1's) at least D.

But we can use a BFS that considers the state as (node, number of flipped edges used so far) and then we want to see if we can reach N with at least D flipped edges. But that doesn't directly give the condition for all paths.

Alternatively, we can use the concept of "edge separations" or "cuts" in terms of edges.

Wait, there's a known concept: the minimum number of edges that must be taken (from a set S) to ensure that every path has at least D edges from S is related to the edge-disjoint paths. 

But note: we can use the following: 

Consider the graph and we want to ensure that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S. This is equivalent to: the graph with edges not in S must not have a path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S. 

But wait, if we remove the edges in S (set their weight to 0) then the graph's edges are the ones not in S. Then, the condition is that in the graph with edges not in S, the shortest path from 1 to N (in terms of the original graph, but with the flipped edges removed? Actually, no: we are setting the edges in S to 1 (so they are expensive) and the rest to 0. 

But note: the condition is that the shortest path (minimum total weight) is at least D. 

But we are allowed to choose S (size K). 

This is a typical problem that can be solved by "binary search on D and check with a BFS/DFS" but the state space is the node and the count of flipped edges used. But the count can go up to the length of the path, which is at most 29 (since N=30, the longest simple path has 29 edges). 

But note: we are not storing the entire path, just the count of flipped edges used so far. However, we need to ensure that we don't revisit a node with a higher or equal count (if we are minimizing the count, then we can use Dijkstra-like algorithm). 

But actually, we can use a BFS (with weights 0 and 1) and then the shortest path (minimum total weight) from 1 to N is the answer for a fixed S. But we are allowed to choose S (size K). 

Wait, but we are choosing S (the flipped edges) and then the graph has edges with weight 0 (if not in S) and 1 (if in S). Then, the shortest path is the minimum total weight (number of 1's) from 1 to N.

But we are choosing S (size K) to maximize that minimum total weight.

So, we need to choose a set S (size K) of edges to set to 1, and then the graph has edge weights: 0 for edges not in S, 1 for edges in S. Then, we compute the shortest path (minimum total weight) from 1 to N.

Then, we want to maximize that shortest path (over all choices of S of size K).

This is a combinatorial optimization problem. 

But note: the number of edges M can be up to 100, and K up to 100, so we cannot iterate over all subsets (that would be C(100, K) which is too big).

We need a smarter way.

Another idea: 

We can use the concept of "potential" or "virtual weights". 

But note: the problem is equivalent to: we are allowed to set K edges to have weight 1, and the rest 0, and we want the maximum possible shortest path (in terms of the total weight) from 1 to N.

But note: the shortest path in this graph (with two weights: 0 and 1) can be computed by BFS if we fix S. But we need to choose S optimally.

We can use a binary search on D (the maximum possible shortest path). Then, for a fixed D, we want to check: is there a set S (size K) such that the shortest path from 1 to N (in the graph with edges in S having weight 1 and others 0) is at least D.

But note: the shortest path is the minimum total weight (number of 1's) on any path.

But note: the condition is that the minimum total weight is >= D.

But note: the minimum total weight is the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path from 1 to N.

But wait, that is exactly D.

But then, we need to check: is there a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

But note: this is equivalent to: the set S must be a hitting set for all paths from 1 to N, and we require that every path is hit at least D times (i.e., contains at least D edges from S).

This is a multi-cover problem.

But note: the set of all paths from 1 to N can be huge, but we can use the following: 

We can use a state (node, count) where count is the number of edges from S used so far. Then, we want to see if we can reach N with count >= D. But we don't know S.

Alternatively, we can use the following: 

We want to know if there exists a set S (size K) such that the minimum over all paths of (number of edges from S in the path) is at least D.

This is equivalent to: the graph with edges set to 1 only those in S must have the shortest path (in terms of 1's) at least D.

But note: we are allowed to choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

We can use a BFS that considers the graph and then we are going to "mark" edges as we go, but we don't know which edges to flip.

Wait, but note: we are allowed to flip any edges, not necessarily those we use in the BFS.

This is difficult.

Another idea: 

We can use the concept of "layered graph" or "state-space" where the state is the node and the number of flipped edges used so far. But the problem is that we are choosing which edges to flip, and the same edge might be used multiple times (if there are multiple edges between two nodes). 

But note: the graph can have multi-edges (as per Sample Input 3).

But the problem says: "There may be multi-edges."

But note: we are flipping edges individually. So, if there are two edges from u to v, they are distinct.

Now, we can use a dynamic programming approach over the graph and the set of edges flipped. But the set of edges is 100, so we cannot use DP over the set.

But note: we are not required to consider the entire set, but we are trying to maximize the shortest path.

Alternatively, we can use the idea of "virtual edges" and then use a flow to compute the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

But note: there is a known concept called the "edge-disjoint paths" but that is for a fixed set of edges.

Wait, consider: the minimum number of edges from S that must be used by any path is the same as the minimum number of edges from S that must be taken in any path. 

But note: we can also think of it as: we want to find a set S (size K) such that the shortest path (in the graph with weights 1 for edges in S and 0 otherwise) from 1 to N is at least D.

But note: the shortest path in this graph is the minimum number of edges from S that must be used. 

We can use a BFS-like algorithm that, for a fixed S, computes the shortest path (in terms of number of 1's). But we need to choose S optimally.

We can use a technique called "state-space search" but with the state being the node and the set of edges flipped so far. But the set of edges is too large (2^100) so that is not feasible.

But note: N is only 30, and the graph is small. We can use the following: 

Consider that the shortest path (in terms of the number of 1's) from 1 to N is determined by the edges we flip. 

We can use a different perspective: 

We want to force the shortest path to be at least D. That means that any path from 1 to N must have at least D edges from S. 

This is equivalent to: the set S must be a D-cover for all paths from 1 to N.

But note: the set S must be chosen from the M edges.

Now, consider the following: 

Let F be the set of all edges that are on some path from 1 to N. Because if an edge is not on any path from 1 to N, then flipping it doesn't help (or hurt) the shortest path. So, we can ignore edges that are not on any path from 1 to N.

Then, we need to choose K edges from F (or from the entire graph, but edges not in F are irrelevant) to form S.

But note: even if an edge is not on any path from 1 to N, flipping it doesn't affect the shortest path. So, we can focus only on edges that are on at least one path from 1 to N.

Now, how to compute F? We can do a BFS from N backwards (marking edges that are used in any path) or do a BFS from 1 and mark nodes reachable, and then from each node, consider incoming edges.

But note: the graph is small, so we can do that.

Then, the problem reduces to: given a set of relevant edges (size |F|, which is at most 100), choose K edges from F to form S such that the minimum number of edges from S in any path from 1 to N is maximized.

But note: the minimum number of edges from S in any path is the same as the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

This is equivalent to: the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path from 1 to N is the minimum, over all paths, of the size of the intersection of the path with S.

Now, we can use the following: 

Define a graph G' where each edge in F is present. Now, we want to choose S (subset of F, size K) such that for every path P from 1 to N, |P ∩ S| >= D.

Then, we want to maximize D.

This is a hitting set problem with multiplicity (each path must be hit at least D times). 

But note: the problem is NP-hard in general, but N is only 30 and the number of edges is 100, and K is up to 100.

But we can use a binary search on D and then check if there exists a set S (size K) such that the minimum number of edges from S in any path from 1 to N is at least D.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use a BFS (or Dijkstra) that considers the state as (node, number of edges from S used so far). But we don't know S.

Alternatively, we can use the following: 

We want to check if there is a set S (size K) such that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is at least D.

This is equivalent to: the graph with edges having two types (0 and 1) has no path from 1 to N with fewer than D type-1 edges.

But we can also use the concept of "edge coloring" or "marking" edges.

Wait, there's a known approach for this type of problem: 

We can use a BFS that considers the state as the node and the set of edges used from S (but that is too expensive).

But note: we are not required to know the exact set S, only to check existence for a fixed D.

Another idea: 

We can use a "must-flip" concept: 

Consider that we want every path from 1 to N to have at least D edges from S. 

This is equivalent to: the graph with edges not in S must not have a path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S. 

But note: the condition is automatically satisfied if we set S to be a set that hits every path at least D times.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use a BFS that explores the graph and "collects" the edges from S that are used. But we don't know S.

Wait, but note: we are allowed to choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

Actually, we can use a min-cut like approach. 

Consider: We want to ensure that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S. 

This is equivalent to: the graph's edge set can be partitioned into S and its complement, and we require that every path has at least D edges from S.

But note: we can also think in terms of "augmenting paths". 

Alternatively, we can use the following: 

Let X be the set of edges that are on some path from 1 to N. Then, we need to choose K edges from X to form S.

Now, consider the following: 

We want to force that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is at least D. 

This is equivalent to: the shortest path (in the graph with edges from S weighted 1 and others 0) is at least D.

But note: the shortest path in this graph is the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

But we can compute the shortest path for a fixed S with a simple BFS (since weights are 0 and 1). 

But we need to choose S optimally.

We can use a different approach: 

Let D* be the maximum D such that there exists a set S (size K) with the property.

We can try to use a greedy approach: 

1. Start with S empty.
2. Then, the shortest path is the original graph's shortest path (in terms of number of edges) because all edges are 0. 
3. Then, we want to flip edges (set them to 1) to increase the minimum path.

But flipping an edge to 1 might not necessarily increase the shortest path if there are multiple paths.

But note: the problem is to choose exactly K edges to flip, and we want to maximize the minimum path.

We can use a BFS (or Dijkstra) that considers the graph and then use a priority queue to explore states (node, number of flipped edges used so far) but the state space is too big.

Another idea: 

We can use the following observation: 

The shortest path from 1 to N in the graph with edge weights (0 or 1) is the minimum number of 1's (flipped edges) on any path. 

Let F be the set of edges that are on any path from 1 to N. 

Then, we can consider that the shortest path is determined by the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

But note: we can use a BFS that goes level by level (by the number of edges) and then within each level, we consider the number of flipped edges used. 

But then, we want to know: what is the minimum number of flipped edges needed to reach N? 

But we are allowed to choose which edges to flip (and we must flip exactly K). 

But wait, the problem is: we choose exactly K edges to flip, and then the shortest path is the minimum number of flipped edges on any path. 

But note: flipping an edge that is not used in the shortest path doesn't help, but flipping an edge that is used in many paths might help.

Actually, the optimal strategy is to flip edges that are part of many shortest paths (or in the critical paths).

But with N=30 and M=100, we can try to use the following: 

1. Compute all simple paths from 1 to N? That is too expensive.

2. Use a BFS from 1 to N with a twist: 

We want to maximize the minimum path (in terms of flipped edges). 

But note: the answer is the maximum D such that there exists a set S (size K) with the property.

We can use a binary search on D (from 0 to, say, the length of the longest path from 1 to N). 

For each D, we need to check: is there a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

How to check for a fixed D? 

We can use a BFS that considers the following: 

Define a graph where each edge has two types: if we include it in S, it costs 1, otherwise 0. 

But we are allowed to choose S (size K). 

Alternatively, we can use a "state" that is the node and the number of edges from S used so far, but we don't know S.

But note: we can use a different approach: 

We want to know if there is a set S (size K) such that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is at least D.

This is equivalent to: the minimum cut (in terms of edges from S) separating 1 and N is at least D.

But note: this is not a cut, but a path cover.

Wait, consider: 

We can use a flow network where each edge has capacity 1, and we want to find a cut that has capacity at least D, but that doesn't directly apply.

Another idea: 

We can use the concept of "edge multi-constraint" and use a minimum cost flow to choose K edges to flip and then the shortest path is at least D. 

But that might be overkill.

But note: the problem is small (N=30). 

We can try to use a BFS that explores the graph and "prunes" paths that use fewer than D edges from S, but we don't know S.

Alternatively, we can use a reduction to a maximum flow problem: 

Consider: we want to ensure that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S. 

This is equivalent to: the graph's edge set can be partitioned into S and T (complement) such that every path has at least D edges from S.

But note: this is similar to a "bottleneck" problem.

But there's a known reduction: 

The minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path is the same as the minimum number of edges that must be removed to disconnect 1 and N, but in reverse.

Wait, no.

But note: the condition that every path has at least D edges from S is equivalent to: the graph has no path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S.

This is similar to a "k-edge cut" but for a minimum of D edges from S.

Actually, we can use a BFS that considers the state as (node, number of edges from S used so far) and then we want to see if we can reach N with at least D edges from S, but we are allowed to choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

But we don't know S. 

However, we can use a different state: 

Let dp[u] be the minimum number of edges from S that must be used to reach u. 

But then, how do we update? 

We don't know S.

Alternatively, we can use a two-phase approach:

1. Enumerate all simple paths from 1 to N? That is too expensive (N=30, so the number of simple paths can be exponential).

2. Use a state-space search where the state is the node and the number of edges from S used, but we don't know S.

But note: we are allowed to choose S arbitrarily (size K). 

We can use the following: 

We want to maximize D, the minimum number of edges from S in any path.

This is equivalent to: minimize the maximum number of edges from S that can be avoided in any path. 

Wait, no.

Actually, the minimum number of edges from S in any path is the minimum over paths of the size of the intersection with S. 

We want to maximize that minimum.

This is a classic minimax problem.

We can use a binary search on D and then for each D, check if there exists a set S (size K) such that for every path P, |P ∩ S| >= D.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use a BFS that considers the graph and then for each path, we need to ensure that it has at least D edges from S. 

But the number of paths is exponential.

But note: the graph is small (N=30). We can use a BFS that explores the graph and keeps track of the number of edges from S used, but we don't know S. 

Alternatively, we can use the following idea: 

For a fixed D, we want to know if there exists a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

This is equivalent to: the minimum over all paths of (number of edges from S in the path) is >= D.

We can use a linear programming formulation, but that is not feasible.

Another idea: 

Consider the following: 

Let F be the set of edges that are on any path from 1 to N. 

Then, the condition is that S has size K and is a D-cover for all paths.

But note: the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path is the same as the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path. 

We can use a BFS that goes from 1 to N and at each node, we store the minimum number of edges from S that have been used to reach that node. But we don't know S.

But wait, if we fix S, then we can compute the shortest path. 

But we need to choose S (size K) to maximize the minimum path.

We can use a priority queue (Dijkstra) where the state is the node and the number of edges from S used so far. But the number of edges from S used can be up to the length of the path, and the length is at most 29.

But the state space is 30 * (D_max) and D_max is at most K (100). So, we can have 30 * 100 = 3000 states per S. But there are C(100, K) sets S, which is too many.

But note: we are not iterating over S.

We need a different approach.

Let's think from the perspective of the shortest path algorithm: 

We want to force the shortest path to be at least D. 

This means that any path from 1 to N that uses fewer than D edges from S is not allowed. 

But we are allowed to choose S (size K). 

This is equivalent to: we need to "block" all paths that use fewer than D edges from S. 

But note: blocking a path means that if a path has fewer than D edges from S, then it must be "blocked" by not including enough edges from S. But we are choosing S, so we can choose to include edges that appear in many short paths.

But how to check for a fixed D? 

We can use the following: 

Define a graph and then consider that we are going to set S (size K) and then the graph has edges with weight 1 for S and 0 for others. Then, the shortest path is the minimum number of 1's.

But we want to know if there exists S (size K) such that the shortest path >= D.

But note: the shortest path is the minimum number of 1's on any path.

This is the same as: the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path is >= D.

Now, consider: 

For a fixed D, we can use a BFS (or Dijkstra) that considers the graph and then we are allowed to "pay" 1 for each edge in S. But we are not fixing S.

But we can use a virtual edge: 

Imagine that each edge has a cost of 1 if it is in S and 0 otherwise, and we want to choose S (size K) to minimize the shortest path (which is the minimum cost). But we want to maximize that minimum cost.

But note: we are allowed to choose S (size K) and then the cost of each edge is determined by whether it is in S or not.

This is a two-level optimization.

But note: we can use a binary search on D and for each D, we can use a reduction to a knapsack-like problem.

Here's a different idea: 

Let's consider the original graph with all edges weight 0. The shortest path is the number of edges in the shortest path (in terms of count, not weight). 

But when we flip an edge to 1, we are increasing the weight of that edge by 1. 

The problem is to choose K edges to increase their weight by 1, and maximize the shortest path (the minimum total weight).

But note: the shortest path is the minimum sum of weights. 

We can use a technique similar to the "minimum cut" with edge weights.

But note: the problem is asking for the maximum possible shortest path.

This is a bit unusual.

Another idea: 

The answer is the maximum D such that there exists a set S (size K) and a path from 1 to N that uses exactly D edges from S and the rest are 0, and no path uses fewer than D edges from S.

But note: the shortest path is the minimum over paths of the sum of weights, which is the number of edges from S in the path.

So, we want to maximize D such that the shortest path is D.

But note: the shortest path is the minimum number of edges from S in any path.

So, to maximize that minimum, we need to choose S such that even the "cheapest" path (in terms of number of flipped edges) is as expensive as possible.

This is a maximin problem.

We can use a binary search on D and then for each D, we want to check if there exists a set S (size K) such that the minimum number of edges from S in any path is >= D.

To check for a fixed D, we can use the following: 

We need to ensure that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.

This is equivalent to: the set S must cover all paths from 1 to N at least D times.

But note: we can use a BFS that explores the graph and "remembers" the number of edges from S used. But we don't know S.

But here's a twist: 

Consider that we are allowed to choose S (size K). 

We can use a "state" in a BFS that is the node and the number of edges from S used so far. But the number of edges from S used so far is not known a priori.

However, we can use a different approach: 

Let's define a graph where each edge has a "cost" of 1 if we include it in S, and 0 otherwise. 

Then, the shortest path from 1 to N is the minimum sum of costs (which is the number of edges from S in the path).

But we are allowed to choose which edges to set to 1 (and we must choose exactly K). 

This is a variant of the shortest path problem with edge weights that are not fixed but depend on a choice of a set.

But note: we can use a reduction: 

We want to know if there exists a set S (size K) such that the shortest path (minimum sum of costs) is >= D.

But the cost of an edge is 1 if in S, 0 otherwise.

This is equivalent to: the minimum, over paths, of (number of edges from S in the path) >= D.

But note: the minimum number of edges from S in any path is the same as the minimum number of edges from S that must be used.

This is also the same as: the minimum number of edges from S that must be used in any path is at least D.

Now, consider: 

We can use a BFS that considers the following: 

Let dp[u] be the minimum number of edges from S that must be used to reach u. 

But then, how do we update dp[u]? 

We don't know S.

But note: we can use a different formulation: 

We want to choose S (size K) to maximize the minimum number of edges from S in any path.

This is equivalent to: 

Maximize D such that there exists a set S (|S|=K) and a path P from 1 to N such that the number of edges from S in P is at least D, and for every path Q from 1 to N, the number of edges from S in Q is at least D? 

No, the condition is that the minimum over all paths is at least D.

But note: if the minimum over all paths is D, then there exists a path with exactly D edges from S, and all paths have at least D.

But then, we can use a BFS that, for a fixed S, computes the shortest path (minimum number of edges from S) from 1 to N. 

But we need to choose S optimally.

Given the small N (30), we can try to use a state-space search over the nodes and the number of edges flipped so far, but we are not storing the set S.

But the number of edges is 100, so we cannot iterate over all subsets.

However, we can use the following: 

The answer D is at most the length of the shortest path in the original graph (which is the number of edges) because if we set no edges to 1, the shortest path is the number of edges (each weight 0). But wait, no:
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().strip().split()
    if not data:
        return
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); m = int(next(it)); k = int(next(it))
    edges = []
    for _ in range(m):
        u = int(next(it)); v = int(next(it))
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    # If k == 0, then we cannot flip any edge, so the shortest path is the original number of edges (which is the number of edges in the shortest path)
    # But note: the original graph has edges of weight 0, so the shortest path is the number of edges in the shortest path (counting edges, not weights).
    # However, the problem allows flipping exactly K edges. So if k==0, then we flip 0 edges, so the shortest path is the minimum number of edges (each weight 0) from 1 to N.
    # But the problem says: initially all edges weight 0, and we choose exactly K edges to change to 1.
    # So if k==0, then no edge is flipped, so the shortest path is the minimum number of edges (each weight 0) from 1 to N.
    # But the answer is the shortest path's weight, which is the number of edges in the path (since each edge is 0). 
    # However, the problem's sample input 3 3 2 has answer 1, which is not the number of edges (which is 1 for the direct edge, but the shortest path in terms of weight is 1 because the edge is flipped to 1).
    # Let me re-read the problem: 
    # "Initially, all edges have weight 0. We choose exactly K out of the M edges and change their weights to 1. Find the maximum possible value of the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex N in the resulting graph."
    # The shortest distance is the sum of weights. 
    # In the sample input 3 3 2, by choosing edges 1 and 3 (which are (1,2) and (1,3)), the shortest path from 1 to 3 is 1 (using the edge (1,3) which is flipped to 1). 
    # But note: the edge (1,3) is one edge, so the weight is 1.
    # In the original graph (without flipping), the shortest path from 1 to 3 is 1 (using the edge (1,3)) but with weight 0, so the distance is 0. 
    # But wait, the problem says "Initially, all edges have weight 0", so the shortest distance is 0 if there's a direct edge? 
    # But then, flipping the edge (1,3) to 1 makes the shortest distance 1.
    # So the answer is the maximum possible shortest distance (which is the minimum total weight) after flipping exactly K edges.
    # So, we want to maximize the minimum total weight from 1 to N.

    # Approach:
    # We can use a BFS that considers the graph and then we are allowed to "pay" 1 for each flipped edge. But we must flip exactly K edges.
    # However, note: we are allowed to flip any K edges, and the shortest path is the minimum total weight (number of flipped edges used) over all paths.
    # We want to maximize that minimum.

    # We can use a binary search on D (the answer). D can range from 0 to the maximum possible (which is the length of the longest path from 1 to N, but note we can only flip K edges, so D cannot exceed K).
    # But note: the minimum total weight cannot exceed K (because a path can have at most the number of edges in the path, but we can only have K flipped edges).

    # For a fixed D, we want to check if there exists a set S (size K) such that the shortest path (minimum total weight) from 1 to N is at least D.

    # But note: the shortest path is the minimum number of edges from S in any path. 
    # This is equivalent to: the minimum number of edges from S in any path is >= D.

    # How to check for a fixed D?
    # We can use a BFS that explores the graph and keeps track of the number of edges from S used so far. But we don't know S.

    # Alternatively, we can use a different idea: 
    # We want to know if there exists a set S (size K) such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges from S.
    # This is equivalent to: the minimum number of edges from S in any path is >= D