=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given integers A, B, and M.
How many permutations P = (P_1, \dots, P_{AB-1}) of (1, 2, \ldots, AB - 1) satisfy all of the following conditions? Find the count modulo M.

- The length of a longest increasing subsequence of P is A.
- The length of a longest decreasing subsequence of P is B.
- There exists an integer n such that appending n + 0.5 to the end of P does not change either of the lengths of a longest increasing subsequence and a longest decreasing subsequence.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
A B M

Output

Print the number of permutations satisfying the conditions, modulo M.

Constraints


- All input values are integers.
- 2 \leq A, B
- AB \leq 120
- 10^8 \leq M \leq 10^9
- M is a prime.

Sample Input 1

3 2 998244353

Sample Output 1

10

For example, P = (2, 4, 5, 1, 3) satisfies the conditions. This can be confirmed as follows:

- The length of a longest increasing subsequence of P is 3.
- The length of a longest decreasing subsequence of P is 2.
- For n = 4, the lengths of longest increasing and decreasing subsequences of (2, 4, 5, 1, 3, 4.5) are 3 and 2, respectively.

There are 10 permutations of (1, 2, 3, 4, 5) that satisfy the conditions.

Sample Input 2

10 12 924844033

Sample Output 2

623378361

Print the count modulo M.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I need to solve this problem where I have to count the number of permutations of length AB-1 that satisfy three conditions. The conditions are about the longest increasing subsequence (LIS) being A, the longest decreasing subsequence (LDS) being B, and also that inserting a half-integer (like n+0.5) doesn't change these lengths. 

First, I need to understand what's being asked. The input is three integers: A, B, and M. The output should be the count modulo M. The constraints say that AB is at most 120, so the length of the permutation is AB-1, which is at most 119. Also, M is a prime between 10^8 and 10^9, which is important because we might need to use modular arithmetic.

Let me break down the conditions:

1. The longest increasing subsequence of the permutation P is A.
2. The longest decreasing subsequence is B.
3. There exists an integer n such that appending n+0.5 doesn't change the LIS or LDS.

The third condition is a bit tricky. What does it mean to append n+0.5? It probably means that we're inserting a number that is between two integers. But how does that affect the LIS and LDS? 

I remember from some programming competition problems that sometimes the concept of "involving half-integers" is used to enforce that the LIS and LDS are exactly A and B. Maybe the third condition is ensuring that the permutation doesn't have an increasing or decreasing sequence of length A+1 or B+1, respectively, because inserting a half-integer might break that? Or perhaps it's ensuring that the permutation is such that even if we insert a number in the middle, the extremal subsequences don't change.

Wait, actually, the third condition is stated as: there exists an integer n such that appending n+0.5 doesn't change either of the lengths. This might be related to the fact that the permutation is "tight" for the given A and B. 

I recall that in the theory of permutations and subsequences, there's a concept related to the Erdős–Szekeres theorem, which says that any permutation of length L has either an increasing subsequence of length more than sqrt(L) or a decreasing one. But here, we're given exact lengths A and B, and the product AB is the length of the permutation plus one (since the permutation is of length AB-1). 

Wait, the permutation is of length AB-1. The total numbers are from 1 to AB-1. So, for example, in the sample, A=3, B=2, so AB=6, and the permutation is of length 5 (numbers 1 to 5). 

Now, the third condition: appending n+0.5. Since n is an integer, n+0.5 is a number that is halfway between n and n+1. So, if we insert such a number, how does it affect the subsequences?

I think the idea is that the half-integer is inserted in such a way that it doesn't extend the increasing or decreasing sequences. But actually, the condition is that the existing LIS and LDS lengths remain A and B, respectively. 

Wait, but if we insert a number that is between two numbers, it might break an increasing or decreasing sequence. Actually, inserting a number can only help in forming longer subsequences. But the condition says that after insertion, the LIS and LDS lengths are still A and B. So, that means that the original permutation's LIS is exactly A, and inserting the half-integer doesn't create an increasing subsequence of length A+1. Similarly for decreasing.

This condition is equivalent to saying that the permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. Because if there were an increasing subsequence of length A+1, then inserting a half-integer (which is between two consecutive numbers) might not break it, but actually, the condition requires that even after insertion, the LIS is still A. So, the original permutation must not have an increasing subsequence of length A+1, and similarly for decreasing.

Wait, actually, the condition is that the permutation already has LIS exactly A and LDS exactly B, and also that inserting a half-integer (which is a number that fits between two numbers) doesn't change these lengths. But if the permutation already has an increasing subsequence of length A, then inserting a half-integer might allow a longer increasing subsequence? Not necessarily. 

Wait, actually, the third condition is that there exists an integer n such that appending n+0.5 doesn't change the lengths. This means that the permutation is such that we can insert a half-integer and the LIS and LDS remain the same. 

But actually, the problem statement says: "There exists an integer n such that appending n + 0.5 to the end of P does not change either of the lengths of a longest increasing subsequence and a longest decreasing subsequence."

Wait, does it say "to the end" or anywhere? The problem says "appending", which typically means adding at the end. So, the half-integer is appended at the end of the permutation. 

So, the permutation is followed by a number that is a half-integer. The half-integer must be chosen such that it doesn't create a longer increasing or decreasing subsequence.

But actually, the condition is that the half-integer is chosen from some integer n (so n is the integer part, and n+0.5 is the value). But the problem says "there exists an integer n", so we can choose any n such that n+0.5 is not already in the permutation? Actually, the permutation is of integers from 1 to AB-1, so n+0.5 must be a non-integer. But the condition is that appending it doesn't change the LIS and LDS.

Wait, but the problem says "appending n+0.5 to the end of P", meaning the new sequence is P followed by n+0.5. Now, the LIS and LDS of the new sequence must be the same as P's.

But the new element is at the end. So, for the LIS: the new element might extend some increasing subsequences that end at the last element. Similarly, for the decreasing subsequence, the new element (which is a half-integer) might be less than the last element, so it might be part of a decreasing subsequence.

But the condition is that the lengths don't change. So, the original LIS is A, and after appending, the LIS is still A. That means that the new element doesn't extend any increasing subsequence to length A+1. Similarly for decreasing.

But actually, the original permutation must not have an increasing subsequence of length A that can be extended by the new element to form an increasing subsequence of length A+1. Similarly for decreasing.

But wait, the condition is that there exists an n (i.e., a half-integer) such that when we append it, the LIS and LDS remain A and B. 

But note: the permutation P is of integers from 1 to AB-1. The half-integer we append is not in that set. The condition is that the half-integer must not create a longer increasing or decreasing subsequence.

But actually, the condition might be equivalent to saying that the permutation does not contain an increasing subsequence of length A+1 and a decreasing subsequence of length B+1. Because if it did, then no matter what half-integer we append (as long as it's at the end) it might not break that, but actually, the half-integer is appended at the end, so it might not be able to extend a decreasing subsequence that ends at the beginning? 

Wait, no. The half-integer is appended at the end, so for an increasing subsequence: we can only extend an increasing subsequence that ends at the last element by including the half-integer? But the half-integer is not an integer, so actually, we cannot have a subsequence that includes the half-integer and then continues with integers? Because the subsequence must be strictly increasing: so the half-integer can be inserted in the middle, but if we are appending, then we are adding it at the end. 

Wait, actually, the entire sequence is P followed by the half-integer. So the new sequence has length AB (which is the length of the permutation plus one). 

But the half-integer is a real number, and it is between two integers. So, for the increasing subsequence, we can consider the half-integer as a number that is between two integers. 

But the condition is that the LIS and LDS of the new sequence are the same as P's. 

This condition is actually very strong. It means that the permutation P must be such that:

1. The LIS is A.
2. The LDS is B.
3. There is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 that can be extended by the half-integer to form an increasing subsequence of length A+1 (but wait, if the half-integer is appended at the end, then the increasing subsequence that ends at the half-integer must be of length at most A. But the half-integer is greater than the last element? Or less? Actually, n is an integer, so n+0.5 is between n and n+1. But we can choose n arbitrarily. 

Wait, the problem says: "there exists an integer n such that appending n+0.5 ...". So we can choose n. Therefore, we can choose a half-integer that is either less than all elements or greater than all elements or in the middle. But the condition is that the half-integer appended doesn't change the lengths. 

But actually, if we choose n very small (so n+0.5 is less than the smallest element) then appending it would form a decreasing subsequence of length 1 (if the last element is greater than n+0.5) but also, for increasing, it would be a new increasing subsequence of length 1. But the condition requires that the LIS and LDS remain A and B. 

Wait, actually, the half-integer appended must not create an increasing subsequence of length A+1 or a decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

But the half-integer is appended at the end. So, to not create a longer increasing subsequence, the half-integer must not be greater than the last element if there is an increasing subsequence of length A ending at the last element that could be extended by the half-integer. Similarly, for decreasing, the half-integer must not be less than the last element if there is a decreasing subsequence of length B ending at the last element that could be extended.

But wait, actually, the half-integer can be inserted anywhere in the increasing or decreasing subsequence? No, because it is appended at the end. So, for increasing: the half-integer must be less than or equal to the last element? No, for increasing, the half-integer must not be greater than the last element if we want to avoid extending an increasing subsequence. Similarly, for decreasing, the half-integer must not be less than the last element.

But actually, the half-integer is appended at the end, so it's the last element. 

Wait, no: the condition is that appending n+0.5 does not change the lengths. So, we are allowed to choose n. Therefore, we can choose n such that n+0.5 is less than the minimum element or greater than the maximum element. 

If we choose n+0.5 < min(P), then the new sequence has a new element at the end that is the smallest. Then, for increasing subsequences: the new element can only form an increasing subsequence of length 1, so if the original LIS was A, then the new LIS is still A (unless A=1, but A>=2). Similarly, for decreasing: the new element is the smallest, so it can be appended to any decreasing subsequence that ends at the last element? Actually, no: because the last element is the smallest, so we can form a decreasing subsequence that includes the last element and the new element? Actually, no: because the new element is less than the last element, so the decreasing subsequence would have to go from the new element to the last element, but then the rest of the sequence is not considered because we are appending. 

Wait, actually, the entire sequence is considered. So, the decreasing subsequence can be formed by taking a decreasing subsequence from the original sequence and then the new element. But if the new element is the smallest, then it can be appended to any decreasing subsequence that ends at the last element. 

But wait, the original sequence's last element is the maximum? No, we don't know. 

Alternatively, maybe the condition is that the permutation is such that the LIS is A and the LDS is B, and also that the permutation does not contain an increasing subsequence of length A+1 and a decreasing subsequence of length B+1. But that is already implied by the first two conditions? Not necessarily, because the condition of the third is that we can append a half-integer without changing the lengths. 

Actually, the third condition is equivalent to the permutation having no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. Why? 

Suppose that the permutation has an increasing subsequence of length A+1. Then, no matter what half-integer we append (at the end), if the half-integer is greater than the last element of that increasing subsequence (which is the last element of the permutation), then the increasing subsequence can be extended to length A+1 by including the half-integer? But wait, the increasing subsequence is of length A+1 already, so the condition requires that the LIS remains A. Therefore, the permutation must not have an increasing subsequence of length A+1. Similarly, no decreasing subsequence of length B+1.

But wait, the third condition says that there exists an n (so a half-integer) such that appending n+0.5 doesn't change the lengths. This means that we can choose an n for which the half-integer doesn't extend any increasing or decreasing subsequence. 

But if the permutation has an increasing subsequence of length A+1, then no matter what half-integer we choose, if we choose n+0.5 greater than the last element of that increasing subsequence, then we can extend it. But wait, the increasing subsequence of length A+1 is in the permutation, so even without the half-integer, the LIS is at least A+1, which contradicts the first condition. 

Wait, no: the first condition is that the LIS is exactly A. So, the permutation must not have an increasing subsequence of length A+1. Similarly, the LDS is exactly B, so no decreasing subsequence of length B+1.

Therefore, the third condition is redundant if we interpret the first two conditions as "exactly" A and B. But the problem states the conditions separately. 

Wait, the first condition is "the length of a longest increasing subsequence is A", meaning that the LIS is exactly A. Similarly for decreasing. 

So, the permutation has LIS exactly A and LDS exactly B. 

Then, the third condition: appending a half-integer (any n+0.5) doesn't change these lengths. But if the permutation already has LIS exactly A, then appending a half-integer might create an increasing subsequence of length A+1? 

Wait, no: because the half-integer is appended at the end. So, to form an increasing subsequence of length A+1, we would need an increasing subsequence of length A in the original permutation that ends at an element less than the half-integer. But if we choose the half-integer appropriately, we can avoid that. 

But the condition is that there exists an n (so a half-integer) for which the lengths don't change. 

Therefore, the permutation must be such that:

1. The LIS is A.
2. The LDS is B.
3. There exists a half-integer that can be appended without creating an increasing subsequence of length A+1 and without creating a decreasing subsequence of length B+1.

But note: the permutation is of integers, so the half-integer is not present. 

But condition 3 is actually weaker than conditions 1 and 2. Because conditions 1 and 2 say that the LIS is A and LDS is B, so there is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

Wait, no: condition 1 says the longest increasing subsequence is A, which means no increasing subsequence of length A+1 exists. Similarly, condition 2 says no decreasing subsequence of length B+1 exists. 

But then condition 3 is automatically satisfied? Because if there is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1, then no matter what half-integer we append, we cannot create an increasing subsequence of length A+1 (because the original permutation doesn't have one, and the half-integer is only one element). Similarly for decreasing.

But wait, is that true? 

Consider: an increasing subsequence of length A+1 in the new sequence (with the half-integer) could be formed by taking an increasing subsequence of length A in the original permutation that ends at an element less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer. But the original permutation doesn't have an increasing subsequence of length A+1, but it might have one of length A. 

But if we choose the half-integer to be less than all elements, then it cannot be part of an increasing subsequence (unless the last element is less than the half-integer, but if we choose the half-integer less than the minimum, then the half-integer is less than the last element, so we can have an increasing subsequence that ends with the half-integer of length 1, but that doesn't extend the original increasing subsequences. 

But actually, the increasing subsequence in the new sequence can be a subsequence that is entirely in the original permutation, or it can be a subsequence that includes the half-integer. 

So, to have an increasing subsequence of length A+1, we need either:

1. The original permutation has an increasing subsequence of length A+1 (which is forbidden by condition 1).
2. Or, there is an increasing subsequence of length A in the original permutation that ends at an element less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer. 

But condition 1 says that the original permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1, but it does have one of length A. 

So, if we choose the half-integer to be greater than the maximum element, then we can form an increasing subsequence of length A+1 by taking an increasing subsequence of length A from the original permutation (which ends at an element less than the maximum, and then the half-integer). 

But wait, condition 3 requires that there exists an n (a half-integer) such that appending it doesn't change the lengths. So, we can choose n such that n+0.5 is not greater than the maximum element. 

Actually, we can choose n such that n+0.5 is less than the minimum element. Then, the half-integer is less than all elements. Then, the only increasing subsequence that can be extended by the half-integer is the one that ends at the last element and is less than the half-integer. But if the last element is the maximum, then no increasing subsequence in the original permutation can end at an element less than the half-integer (because the half-integer is less than all elements). 

Wait, no: the increasing subsequence can be any subsequence. But if the half-integer is less than all elements, then it can only be the beginning of an increasing subsequence. 

But actually, the entire sequence is the original permutation followed by the half-integer. So, the increasing subsequences that end at the half-integer must consist of elements from the original permutation that are less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer. But if the half-integer is less than all elements, then no element in the original permutation is less than the half-integer. So, the only increasing subsequence ending at the half-integer is of length 1. 

Therefore, the new increasing subsequence of length A+1 would have to be entirely in the original permutation, which is forbidden by condition 1. 

Similarly, for decreasing: if we choose the half-integer to be greater than all elements, then the decreasing subsequences that end at the half-integer must consist of elements from the original permutation that are greater than the half-integer (which is none) and then the half-integer. So, again, the new decreasing subsequence is of length 1. 

But if we choose the half-integer to be in the middle, say between two integers, then it might be part of a longer increasing or decreasing subsequence. 

But the condition is that we can choose an n (a half-integer) for which the lengths don't change. 

So, the key is: the permutation must be such that there exists a position (in this case, the end) where we can insert a half-integer without creating a longer increasing or decreasing subsequence. 

But actually, the half-integer is appended at the end. So, we are free to choose the half-integer to be either less than all, greater than all, or in between. 

But the condition is that the permutation is such that there is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

Wait, no: the first two conditions already state that the LIS is A and LDS is B, meaning no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

So, the third condition is redundant? 

But then why is it stated separately? 

Wait, actually, the problem statement says:

- The length of a longest increasing subsequence of P is A.
- The length of a longest decreasing subsequence of P is B.
- There exists an integer n such that appending n + 0.5 to the end of P does not change either of the lengths.

So, the third condition is an additional requirement. 

But if the permutation has LIS exactly A and LDS exactly B, then it already satisfies that there is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. Then, appending a half-integer (anywhere) should not create a longer increasing or decreasing subsequence, because the original permutation doesn't have one. 

But wait, if we append a half-integer, then we are adding one element. 

For increasing: to form an increasing subsequence of length A+1, we need an increasing subsequence of length A in the original permutation that ends at an element less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer. 

But if the original permutation doesn't have an increasing subsequence of length A+1, that doesn't mean that it doesn't have an increasing subsequence of length A that can be extended by the half-integer. 

Wait, condition 1 says the longest increasing subsequence is A, so the maximum length is A. But it is possible that there are increasing subsequences of length A, and we can extend some of them by the half-integer if the half-integer is greater than the last element of that subsequence. 

But the condition 3 requires that there exists an n (a half-integer) such that appending it doesn't change the lengths. So, we can choose a half-integer that is not greater than any element that is the end of an increasing subsequence of length A. 

But wait, if there is an increasing subsequence of length A in the permutation, then the last element of that subsequence is some number. If we choose a half-integer greater than that last element, then we can extend it. But if we choose a half-integer that is less than or equal to all elements that are the last elements of increasing subsequences of length A, then we avoid extending them.

But the condition is that the half-integer is appended at the end. So, the increasing subsequence that we extend must end at an element that is less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer is appended. But the half-integer is at the end, so the increasing subsequence must end at an element that is less than the half-integer and then the half-integer is the next element. 

But the original permutation's elements are integers, and the half-integer is between two integers. 

So, if we choose the half-integer to be less than the last element of the permutation, then we cannot extend any increasing subsequence that ends at the last element. But what about increasing subsequences that end at other elements? 

Actually, the increasing subsequence in the new sequence can skip the last element of the permutation and use an earlier element that is less than the half-integer. 

But condition 1 says that the permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1. But that doesn't prevent that there is an increasing subsequence of length A that ends at an element x, and then we have a half-integer y (greater than x) and then the last element of the permutation (which is greater than y). Then the increasing subsequence of length A (ending at x) plus y and then the last element (if the last element is greater than y) would form an increasing subsequence of length A+2? 

Wait, no: the entire subsequence would be the original increasing subsequence (length A) that ends at x, then y (which is greater than x), and then the last element (which is greater than y). So the length would be A+2? 

But condition 1 says the original permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1, so the maximum is A. But then, the new sequence has a subsequence of length A+2? 

Wait, no: the subsequence must be strictly increasing. The original increasing subsequence of length A ends at x. Then we take y (half-integer, so not an integer) which is greater than x, and then the last element of the permutation which is an integer and greater than y. But the last element is part of the permutation, and the original permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1, but the new subsequence is not entirely in the permutation: it uses y which is not in the permutation. 

But the condition for the new sequence's increasing subsequence is that it is a subsequence (not necessarily contiguous). So, we can pick elements from the permutation and the half-integer. 

But the half-integer is appended at the end, so in the new sequence, the half-integer is the last element. 

To form an increasing subsequence of length A+1 in the new sequence, we can take an increasing subsequence of length A from the original permutation that ends at an element less than the half-integer, and then the half-integer. 

But condition 1 says that the original permutation has no increasing subsequence of length A+1, but it does have one of length A. 

So, if we choose the half-integer to be greater than the maximum element of the permutation, then we can extend every increasing subsequence of length A that ends at an element less than the half-integer (which is all of them, because the half-integer is greater than all) to length A+1. 

But condition 3 requires that there exists a half-integer (i.e., an n) such that appending it doesn't change the LIS. 

Therefore, the permutation must be such that there is no increasing subsequence of length A that is "maximal" in the sense that it can be extended by a half-integer. 

Wait, no. Actually, the third condition is that there exists an n (a half-integer) such that the new sequence's LIS is still A. 

So, we can choose n such that the half-integer is not greater than the maximum element (so that no increasing subsequence of length A can be extended). 

But if we choose the half-integer to be less than the minimum element, then no increasing subsequence of length A can be extended because all elements are greater than the half-integer. 

But if we choose the half-integer to be between two integers, say between x and y, then only increasing subsequences that end at an element less than the half-integer can be extended. 

So, the condition is that the set of last elements of the increasing subsequences of length A does not cover the entire real line above the minimum element? 

But actually, we can always choose a half-integer that is less than all elements or greater than all elements. 

But if we choose a half-integer less than all elements, then the new sequence has an increasing subsequence of length 1 (the half-integer) but the original permutation's increasing subsequences are unchanged. 

But wait, the entire new sequence's increasing subsequence could be formed by taking an increasing subsequence from the original permutation and then the half-integer only if the last element of the original permutation is less than the half-integer. But if the half-integer is less than all elements, then the last element of the original permutation is greater than the half-integer, so we cannot extend any increasing subsequence that ends at the last element. But we can extend increasing subsequences that end at elements that are greater than the half-integer? Actually, no: because the half-integer is less than all elements, so if we have an increasing subsequence ending at an element x (which is greater than the half-integer), then we cannot extend it with the half-integer because the half-integer is less than x. 

But actually, the increasing subsequence in the new sequence can be formed by taking a subsequence that does not include the half-integer, or by taking a subsequence that ends with the half-integer. 

The subsequence that ends with the half-integer must consist of elements that are less than the half-integer. But if the half-integer is less than all elements, then there is no element less than it, so the only subsequence ending with the half-integer is itself (length 1). 

Therefore, the new sequence's LIS is the maximum between the original permutation's LIS and 1. But the original permutation's LIS is A (>=2), so the new LIS is A. 

Similarly, for decreasing: if we choose the half-integer to be less than all elements, then the new sequence's decreasing subsequences: we can form a decreasing subsequence that includes the half-integer and the last element of the permutation (if the last element is greater than the half-integer, which it is). But wait, the last element is greater than the half-integer, so we can have a decreasing subsequence of length 2: the last element and the half-integer. 

But the original permutation's decreasing subsequence is B. We need to ensure that the new decreasing subsequence is not longer than B. 

But if B>=2, then a decreasing subsequence of length 2 is allowed. 

But the condition is that the new sequence's LDS is still B. 

So, if the original permutation has no decreasing subsequence of length B+1, then appending a half-integer that is less than all elements might create a decreasing subsequence of length 2 (if the last element is greater than the half-integer). 

But if B=1, then decreasing subsequences of length 2 are not allowed. But B>=2 by constraints. 

Wait, the constraints say A,B >=2. 

So, in the new sequence, the decreasing subsequence of length 2 is allowed if B>=2. 

But if B=2, then the original permutation has no decreasing subsequence of length 3, but the new sequence might have a decreasing subsequence of length 2 (the last element and the half-integer). But that's okay because 2 is the maximum (B=2). 

Wait, no: the condition is that the LDS is B. So, if we append a half-integer that is less than all elements, then the new sequence's LDS is max(original LDS, length of decreasing subsequence ending with the half-integer). 

The decreasing subsequence ending with the half-integer is of length 1 (just the half-integer) or more if there is a decreasing subsequence in the original permutation that ends at an element greater than the half-integer and then the half-integer. 

But the half-integer is less than all elements, so any decreasing subsequence ending with the half-integer must be just the half-integer. 

But wait, no: a decreasing subsequence can be formed by taking elements from the original permutation that are greater than the half-integer (all of them) and then the half-integer. 

For example, if the original permutation has a decreasing subsequence of length k ending at an element greater than the half-integer, then we can append the half-integer to form a decreasing subsequence of length k+1. 

But condition 2 says that the original permutation has no decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

So, the maximum decreasing subsequence in the original permutation is B. 

Therefore, the new decreasing subsequence ending with the half-integer would be of length at most B+1? 

Wait, no: the decreasing subsequence in the new sequence that includes the half-integer must be a decreasing subsequence from the original permutation (which is of length at most B) that ends at an element greater than the half-integer (which is all elements) and then the half-integer. 

So, the new decreasing subsequence would be of length (length of the decreasing subsequence in the original permutation) + 1. 

Therefore, the new decreasing subsequence length is at most B+1. 

But condition 2 requires that the new sequence's LDS is B. 

So, we must have that the maximum decreasing subsequence in the new sequence is B. 

This means that there must be no decreasing subsequence in the original permutation of length B that can be extended by the half-integer to form a decreasing subsequence of length B+1. 

But wait, if we choose the half-integer to be less than all elements, then any decreasing subsequence in the original permutation (which is of length at most B) can be extended by the half-integer (because the last element of the decreasing subsequence is greater than the half-integer). 

Therefore, the new decreasing subsequence would be of length (B) + 1. 

But condition 3 requires that the LDS remains B. 

So, this is not allowed. 

Therefore, we cannot choose a half-integer that is less than all elements if there is a decreasing subsequence of length B in the permutation. 

Similarly, if we choose a half-integer greater than all elements, then any increasing subsequence of length A can be extended by the half-integer (if the increasing subsequence ends at an element less than the half-integer, which is all of them) to length A+1, which is not allowed.

Therefore, the only option is to choose a half-integer that is between two integers such that it doesn't extend any increasing or decreasing subsequence of length A or B. 

But the condition is that there exists an n such that appending n+0.5 doesn't change the lengths. 

This means that the permutation must be such that there is a "gap" where we can insert a half-integer without extending any increasing or decreasing subsequence of length A or B. 

This is equivalent to saying that the set of last elements of increasing subsequences of length A does not cover the entire real line above the minimum element, and similarly for decreasing subsequences of length B. 

But this is getting very complicated. 

Alternatively, I recall that in the theory of Young tableaux or the Robinson-Schensted correspondence, the length of the first row of the shape is the length of the longest increasing subsequence, and the length of the first column is the length of the longest decreasing subsequence. 

And the condition might be related to the shape being a rectangle or something. 

But given that AB <= 120, the length of the permutation is AB-1, which is at most 119. 

But 120 is the product, so the maximum length is 119. 

There is a theorem by Schensted that relates the lengths of LIS and LDS to the shape of the Young tableau. 

But maybe there's a combinatorial interpretation. 

Another thought: the condition that appending a half-integer doesn't change the LIS and LDS is equivalent to saying that the permutation is "critical" for the given A and B. 

But after reading the sample: for A=3, B=2, there are 10 permutations. 

The sample input is "3 2 998244353" and output is 10.

I need to find a way to count the permutations of length AB-1 that have LIS exactly A, LDS exactly B, and also satisfy the third condition.

But the third condition is automatically satisfied if the permutation is such that there is no increasing subsequence of length A+1 and no decreasing subsequence of length B+1, and also that the set of last elements of increasing subsequences of length A does not cover the entire range (so that we can insert a half-integer without extending) and similarly for decreasing. 

But this seems complex. 

Alternatively, I remember that the number of permutations of length n with LIS <= A and LDS <= B is given by the number of standard Young tableaux of shape (A x B) or something? 

But here, the conditions are exactly A and B, and the length is AB-1. 

Also, the condition with the half-integer might be related to the permutation being "full" in some sense.

Wait, I recall that in the context of the problem "Increasing and Decreasing Subsequences" from the IOI or some competition, there is a problem where the condition is that the permutation can be split into A decreasing subsequences (for LIS) or B increasing subsequences (for LDS). 

Actually, by a theorem, the minimal number of decreasing subsequences needed to cover the permutation is the length of the longest increasing subsequence. 

But I'm not sure. 

Another idea: the condition might be related to the permutation being a "shuffle" of A decreasing sequences and B increasing sequences, but I'm not sure.

Given the complexity and the constraints (AB <= 120), we might need to use dynamic programming or inclusion-exclusion.

But 120 is the product, and the length is 119, which is too large for naive DP.

But wait, the length is AB-1, and AB<=120, so the length is at most 119. But 119 is still large for DP if we try to do it naively.

Alternatively, we can use the fact that the permutation is of length n = AB-1, and we need to count permutations with LIS = A and LDS = B.

This is a known problem? 

Actually, there is the concept of the Robinson-Schensted correspondence, which gives a bijection between permutations and pairs of Young tableaux. The shape of the tableaux has first row length equal to the LIS and first column length equal to the LDS. 

But the shape must be a rectangle? No, the shape can be any partition that fits in an A x B box. 

But the length of the permutation is n = AB-1, and the shape must fit in an A x B box (because the first row has length A and the first column has length B). 

But the number of standard Young tableaux of a given shape can be computed by the hook-length formula. 

But the condition is that the shape has at most A rows and at most B columns, and the total number of cells is AB-1. 

But the shape can be any partition with at most A rows and at most B columns and exactly AB-1 cells. 

But the number of standard Young tableaux for a given shape is given by the hook-length formula, and the number of permutations that give that shape is the square of the number of standard Young tableaux. 

But then, we need to sum over all shapes that have first row length A and first column length B? 

Wait, no: the first row length is the length of the LIS, which is A, and the first column length is the length of the LDS, which is B. 

But the shape of the Young tableau for a permutation has first row length equal to the LIS, and first column length equal to the LDS. 

But the shape must be a partition with at most A rows and at most B columns. 

But the total number of cells is n = AB-1. 

But there is a theorem: the number of permutations of length n with LIS <= A and LDS <= B is equal to the number of standard Young tableaux of shape fitting in an A x B box with n cells. 

But we need exactly A and B. 

Actually, the LIS is exactly A means that the first row of the tableau is exactly length A, and similarly for LDS. 

But the shape must have first row length A and first column length B. 

But the shape is a Young diagram with at most A rows and at most B columns, and the number of cells is AB-1. 

But what are the possible shapes? 

The shape must be a partition of AB-1 with at most A parts and each part at most B. 

But also, the first row is exactly A and the first column is exactly B. 

Wait, no: the first row length is A (meaning the longest increasing subsequence is A) but the first column length is B (longest decreasing subsequence is B). 

But the shape is determined by the permutation. 

But the condition that the LIS is exactly A means that the first row has length A, and similarly for decreasing. 

But the Young diagram must have first row length A and first column length B. 

But the total number of cells is AB-1. 

Now, the minimal shape that has first row A and first column B is a rectangle of A rows and B columns, which has AB cells. 

But our permutation has only AB-1 cells. 

So, the shape must be a rectangle of A rows and B columns with one cell removed. 

But where is the cell removed? 

In the Robinson-Schensted correspondence, the shape is defined by the insertion tableau. 

But there is a theorem: the number of permutations of length n with LIS <= A and LDS <= B is the same as the number of standard Young tableaux of shape fitting in an A x B box with n cells. 

But for exactly A and B, we need the shape to have first row A and first column B. 

But if the shape has first row A and first column B, then the minimal number of cells is max(A*B, something). 

Actually, the shape with first row A and first column B must have at least A+B-1 cells (the hook). 

But for the shape to have first row A and first column B, the Young diagram must have a row of length A and a column of length B. 

The minimal number of cells is A+B-1 (the hook). 

But our permutation has AB-1 cells. 

Now, the rectangle of A rows and B columns has AB cells. 

So, the shape for our permutation is a rectangle with one cell removed. 

But which cell is removed? 

In the Robinson-Schensted correspondence, the shape is determined by the permutation. 

But there is a known result: the number of permutations of length n with LIS = A and LDS = B is the number of standard Young tableaux of shape (A x B) minus one cell, but only if n = AB-1. 

But the shape must be a rectangle with one cell removed. 

And the cell removed must be at a position such that the first row is still A and the first column is still B. 

But if you remove a cell from the rectangle, then either the first row becomes A-1 or the first column becomes B-1, or both. 

But we need the first row to be A and the first column to be B. 

So, the cell removed must be in the last row and last column, i.e., the cell (A, B) is removed. 

But the rectangle has A rows and B columns, so the cell (A, B) is the bottom-right cell. 

But if we remove that cell, then the shape is a Young diagram that has A rows, the first A-1 rows have length B, and the A-th row has length B-1. 

Then, the first row is still A (if A>=1) and the first column is still B (if B>=1). 

But wait, the first row is the row with the most cells, which is B (the first row has B cells). 

Wait, no: in a Young diagram, the first row is the row with the most cells. 

If we have a rectangle A x B with the cell (A,B) removed, then the first row has B cells (if we consider the rows from top to bottom). 

But the first row length is B, not A. 

I think I'm confusing the dimensions. 

Let me clarify: 

In a Young diagram, the first row is the row with the most cells. 

If we have a rectangle of A rows and B columns, then every row has B cells. 

If we remove the cell at the bottom-right (i.e., the cell at row A, column B), then the first row still has B cells, and the last row has B-1 cells. 

So, the first row length is B, not A. 

But we need the first row length to be A (for LIS) and first column length to be B (for LDS). 

So, the shape must have first row length A and first column length B. 

This means that the Young diagram has a row of length A (the first row) and a column of length B (the first column). 

The minimal shape is a hook: one row of length A and one column of length B, which has A+B-1 cells. 

But our permutation has AB-1 cells. 

So, the shape is a Young diagram with A rows and B columns, but with one cell removed, and the removed cell is not in the first row or first column? 

But then the first row and first column remain A and B. 

But if we remove a cell from the second row and second column, then the first row is still A and the first column is still B. 

But then the total number of cells is AB-1. 

Now, the number of standard Young tableaux for such a shape can be calculated by the hook-length formula. 

But the shape is not a rectangle; it's a rectangle with one cell removed. 

But there are different positions to remove the cell. 

The condition is that the first row length is A and the first column length is B. 

This means that the Young diagram has a first row of length A and a first column of length B. 

The diagram must have at least A rows and at least B columns. 

But the total number of cells is AB-1. 

The rectangle A x B has AB cells. 

So, we remove one cell from the rectangle. 

But the removed cell can be anywhere, but to keep the first row length A and first column length B, we cannot remove a cell from the first row or first column. 

So, the removed cell must be in the sub-diagram from row 2 to A and column 2 to B. 

The number of such cells is (A-1)*(B-1). 

But then, the shape is not unique; there are (A-1)*(B-1) different shapes (each corresponding to removing a different cell from the rectangle). 

But is that correct? 

For example, A=3, B=2, then the rectangle is 3x2 with 6 cells. We remove one cell, so we have 5 cells. 

The first row must be of length 3, so the first row has 3 cells? But B=2, so the first row cannot have 3 cells because the Young diagram must have at most B columns. 

Wait, no: the Young diagram must have at most B columns, so the first row can have at most B cells. 

But in our case, the first row length is A=3, and B=2, so A>B, which is impossible because the first row cannot have more than B columns. 

Wait, in the Young diagram, the number of columns is the length of the first column, which is B. 

So, the first row can have at most B cells. 

But we need the first row to be A, so A <= B. 

But in the sample, A=3, B=2, so 3<=2 is false. 

This is a contradiction. 

I must have mixed up the dimensions. 

In the Robinson-Schensted correspondence, the length of the first row is the length of the longest increasing subsequence, and the length of the first column is the length of the longest decreasing subsequence. 

But the Young diagram must fit in an A x B box, meaning at most A rows and at most B columns. 

But the first row length is A, so the Young diagram has a row of length A, which means it has at least A cells in the first row, and since the diagram has at most B columns, we must have A <= B. 

Similarly, the first column length is B, so B <= A. 

Therefore, A must equal B. 

But in the sample, A=3, B=2, which is not equal.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    A = int(data[0])
    B = int(data[1])
    M = int(data[2])
    n = A * B - 1
    # Use the hook-length formula for the Young diagram with shape (A, B) with one cell removed.
    # But note: the shape must have first row length A and first column length B, and total cells n = AB-1.
    # The minimal shape for first row A and first column B is a rectangle of A rows and B columns, which has AB cells.
    # But we have AB-1 cells, so we remove one cell.
    # The removed cell must be in the rectangle but not in the first row or first column to keep the first row and column lengths.
    # However, if A > B or B > A, then the shape is not possible. But the problem states A, B >=2 and AB<=120.
    # But the sample A=3, B=2, which is A>B, so the first row length A=3 cannot be if the diagram has at most B=2 columns.
    # This indicates that my understanding is flawed.

    # Given the complexity and the sample input, I suspect that the intended solution is to use dynamic programming or combinatorial methods.
    # But with AB<=120, the length is 119, which is too large for naive DP.

    # Alternatively, there is a known combinatorial formula for the number of permutations with given LIS and LDS.
    # But I don't recall it.

    # Another idea: the condition with the half-integer might be equivalent to the permutation being a "shuffle" of two sequences: one of length A and one of length B, but I'm not sure.

    # Given the time, I decide to output a placeholder solution.

    # Since the sample input "3 2 998244353" gives 10, and the sample input "10 12 924844033" gives 623378361, we need to find a way to compute it.

    # After some research, I recall that the number of permutations of length n with LIS <= A and LDS <= B is given by the number of standard Young tableaux of shape (A, B) with n cells, but only if the shape fits.

    # But for exactly A and B, we need the shape to have first row A and first column B.

    # The number of standard Young tableaux for a given shape is given by the hook-length formula.

    # The shape is a rectangle of A rows and B columns with one cell removed, but only if A <= B and B <= A, i.e., A==B.

    # But the sample has A=3, B=2, so A != B.

    # Therefore, the shape must be different.

    # I found a paper or a resource that states that the number of permutations of length n with LIS = A and LDS = B is given by the number of standard Young tableaux of a specific shape.

    # But without a clear combinatorial interpretation, I decide to use a different approach.

    # Given the constraints (AB<=120), we can use dynamic programming with state (i, j) where i is the current LIS length and j is the current LDS length, but that is not feasible for n=119.

    # Alternatively, we can use the fact that the permutation must be decomposable into A decreasing sequences (for the LIS) and B increasing sequences (for the LDS). 

    # But I'm not sure.

    # Given the time, I output a solution that uses the hook-length formula for the shape that is a rectangle with one cell removed, but only if A==B.

    # But the sample has A!=B, so this won't work.

    # I need to find a better approach.

    # After further thought, I recall that the condition with the half-integer is equivalent to the permutation being "indecomposable" or "irreducible" for the given A and B.

    # But I don't know.

    # Given the complexity, I decide to output a solution that uses the following:

    # If A == B, then the number is the number of standard Young tableaux of a hook shape (A, B) with one cell removed, but only if A==B.

    # But the sample has A!=B.

    # I am out of ideas.

    # Since the problem is from a competition, there must be a known solution.

    # I recall that the number of permutations of length n with LIS <= A and LDS <= B is given by the number of standard Young tableaux of shape (A, B) with n cells