=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There are N cells in a row, numbered 1 to N.
For each 1 \leq i < N, cells i and i+1 are adjacent.
Initially, cell i is painted with color i.
You are given Q queries. Process them in order. Each query is of one of the following two types.

- 1 x c: Repaint the following to color c: all reachable cells reachable from cell x by repeatedly moving to an adjacent cell painted in the same color as the current cell.
- 2 c: Print the number of cells painted with color c.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N Q
\mathrm{query}_1
\vdots
\mathrm{query}_Q

Each query is given in one of the following two formats:
1 x c

2 c

Output

Let q be the number of queries of the second type. Print q lines.
The i-th line should contain the answer to the i-th such query.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N \leq 5 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq Q \leq 2 \times 10^5
- In queries of the first type, 1 \leq x \leq N.
- In queries of the first and second types, 1 \leq c \leq N.
- There is at least one query of the second type.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

5 6
1 5 4
1 4 2
2 2
1 3 2
1 2 3
2 3

Sample Output 1

3
4

The queries recolor the cells as shown in the figure.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me try to understand it first.

There are N cells in a row, numbered 1 to N. Initially, each cell i has color i. Then, there are Q queries. There are two types of queries:

1. "1 x c": This repainted all reachable cells from cell x (by moving to adjacent cells that are the same color) to color c. 
2. "2 c": This prints the number of cells currently painted with color c.

Constraints: N up to 500,000 and Q up to 200,000. So, the solution needs to be efficient.

Hmm, initially, each cell is a separate color. The first query type is like a flood fill for same-colored cells. But note: when we repaint, we might merge several same-colored components? Actually, when we repaint, we change the color of all connected same-colored cells to c. But also, note that after repainting, the connectivity might change because adjacent cells might now be the same color.

Wait, the problem says: repaint all reachable cells from x (by repeatedly moving to adjacent cells that are the same color) to color c. So, if I have a contiguous block of the same color, then repainting that entire contiguous block to a new color c. But note: if there are two separate blocks of the same color, then repainting one of them doesn't affect the other.

But also, when we repaint, we are effectively merging two colors? Not exactly. We are changing the color of a contiguous same-color segment to a new color. Then, if the new color is already present, we are just adding to that color's count? Or wait, no: the old color's count decreases and the new color's count increases by the number of cells repainted.

But also, the connectivity: after repainting, the adjacent cells might now form a larger contiguous block. But the repainting operation is defined as the entire connected component (by same color) that contains x.

Wait, actually, the problem says: repaint all reachable cells from cell x by moving to adjacent cells that are the same color. So, that is the entire connected component (contiguous same-colored cells) that contains x.

So, each query of type 1: we find the connected component (contiguous same-colored cells) that includes cell x, and then change all those cells to color c. Then, we have to update the counts for the old color and the new color.

But the challenge is that the connected component might be large, and updating each cell one by one would be too slow (because N and Q can be up to 500,000 and 200,000). So we need an efficient way.

Also, after repainting, the entire contiguous segment becomes color c, which might merge with adjacent segments of color c? Or if adjacent segments are of color c, then they become the same color, but wait: we are repainting to c, and if adjacent cells were already c, then they were already part of the same connected component? Actually, no: because when we repaint, we only repaint the connected component of the original color. But if two adjacent connected components of color c are separated by a different color, then they are not connected. But after repainting, the entire connected component (from the original color) becomes c, and if the adjacent cells were already c, then they are adjacent and same color, so they would have been connected? Actually, no: because the original color of the adjacent cells was c, so they were already part of the same connected component? Or wait, no: the connected component is defined by same color. So if two cells are adjacent and have the same color, they are in the same component. Therefore, if we repaint a segment to c, then if the adjacent segment was already c, then that adjacent segment is part of the same connected component? Actually, no: because the adjacent segment is of color c, but the segment we are repainting is a different color. So the two segments (the one we are repainting and the adjacent one) are not connected (because they are separated by a different color). Therefore, when we repaint, we only repaint the connected component of the original color, and then the adjacent cells (if they are color c) are separate.

Wait, no: the repainting operation only considers the current color. So if I have a cell x with color A, then the connected component is all cells that are connected by same color A. Then, we change that entire component to color c. Now, if there was a component of color c adjacent to it, that remains untouched.

But then, the problem is: how do we efficiently find the connected component (contiguous same-colored cells) for a given x? And then update the count for the old color and the new color.

Also, we need to support Q queries, which might repaint the same component multiple times.

Wait, but the initial setup is each cell has color i. So initially, each cell is a separate component. Then, when we repaint, we merge cells? Actually, no: we are repainting a contiguous same-colored component. But note: if we repaint a component, then if the new color is already present, then adjacent components of that color are not merged because the repainting operation only repaints the original connected component.

But actually, the repainting operation is independent. So the process is:

1. Start with initial colors: [1,2,3,...,N]
2. For each query "1 x c":
   a. Find the contiguous same-colored component (by color of x) that contains x. But note: the color of x might be different from the initial color if it was repainted before. So we need to know the current color of x, and then find the contiguous same-colored segment (which is just the contiguous block of that color that includes x).
   b. Then, change all cells in that contiguous segment to color c.

But wait, the problem says: repaint all reachable cells from cell x by repeatedly moving to adjacent cell painted in the same color as the current cell. So it's not just contiguous? Actually, in a row, adjacent means left and right. So the reachable cells are the contiguous same-colored cells. Because from x, you can only go left or right to adjacent same-colored cells.

So, in a row, the connected component is the contiguous segment (maximal contiguous block) of the same color that contains x.

Therefore, the problem reduces to: we have a row of cells, each with a color. We need to support two operations:

1. Given a cell x and a color c, find the maximal contiguous segment (by same color) containing x, and set all cells in that segment to c. Then update the count for the old color and the new color.

2. Given a color c, output the count of cells with color c.

We have to do this efficiently.

Constraints: N up to 500,000 and Q up to 200,000.

So, we need data structures that can update contiguous segments and update counts.

One idea: use a union-find? But union-find is for connectivity, but here we are dealing with contiguous segments and updating the color of entire contiguous segments.

Alternatively, we can use a segment tree or a balanced tree to store the contiguous segments.

But note: when we repaint a contiguous segment, we break the row into parts. Also, the repainting might merge two segments of the same color if they become adjacent? Actually, no: because we are repainting an entire contiguous segment to c. Then, if the left and right of the repainted segment were color c, then after repainting, the entire segment becomes c, and if the adjacent parts are c, then they become one big contiguous segment? But wait, the adjacent parts were c, but they were separated by the repainted segment (which was not c). Now, after repainting, the entire segment is c, so the adjacent parts (if they are c) become connected. But note: the repainting operation doesn't automatically merge adjacent same-color segments. The merging happens because the repainting operation changes the color of the segment to c, and then the adjacent segments (if they are c) are now adjacent and same color, so they form one contiguous segment.

But the problem is: how do we update the counts and also the structure of the contiguous segments?

We need to maintain:

- The current color of each cell? Or maybe not, because updating each cell in the contiguous segment one by one is O(n) per query, which is too slow.

Alternatively, we can use a data structure that stores the contiguous segments (intervals) for each color, but that might be complex.

Another idea: use a balanced BST or a segment tree that stores the intervals of same color. But then, when we repaint an interval, we need to:

1. Find the interval containing x (which is the contiguous same-color segment that includes x).
2. Remove that interval and split the adjacent intervals (if any) that are the same color? Actually, no: the repainting operation changes the color of the entire contiguous segment. Then, the adjacent segments (if they are the same color as the repainted segment) will now be adjacent and same color, so they merge.

Wait, no: the repainting operation is done on the current color. So the adjacent segments (if they are the same color) are not part of the repainted segment because they are of the same color but separated by a different color. Actually, no: the repainting operation only repaints the contiguous same-color segment. So if two segments of color A are separated by a segment of color B, then repainting one of the A segments doesn't affect the other A segment.

But then, when we repaint, we break the row into parts. Also, if we repaint a segment to color c, then if the left and right of the repainted segment are color c, then after repainting, the entire segment becomes c, and the left and right are also c, so they become one big contiguous segment. But the repainting operation doesn't automatically merge the left and right c segments. Actually, after repainting, the entire repainted segment is c, and then the left and right c segments (if they exist) are adjacent and same color, so they form a larger contiguous segment. But the operation doesn't specify that; that is just the natural result.

But the problem is: we are only asked to repaint the contiguous segment of the current color. Then, the adjacent segments (if they are the same color) are not part of the repainted segment, so they remain as separate segments. Then, after repainting, we have two separate segments of color c (the one we repainted and the adjacent ones) that are adjacent but same color, so they should merge? Actually, no: because the repainting operation is independent. The adjacent segments were of color c, but the repainted segment was a different color (say A). Now, we change the repainted segment to c. Then, the adjacent segments (left and right) are now adjacent to a segment of color c, so they form a contiguous segment. But the repainting operation doesn't merge them; the merging happens because of the update. But in terms of data structure, we need to merge the adjacent segments if they are the same color.

Wait, actually, the repainting operation changes the color of the contiguous segment (which was color A) to color c. Then, if the left and right segments are color c, then the entire block (the left segment, the repainted segment, and the right segment) becomes one contiguous segment of color c. But the repainting operation doesn't explicitly merge them; that is a consequence of the update.

But we need to update the data structure to reflect that.

So, the operations:

- We have a row of cells, each with a color.
- We need to quickly find the contiguous same-color segment containing a given cell x.
- Then, update that segment's color to c, and then update the counts for the old color and the new color.
- Additionally, after updating, we need to merge adjacent segments (if any) of the same color (c) that are now adjacent because the repainted segment was between them.

Wait, actually, when we repaint a segment (say from color A to color c), the adjacent segments (if they are color c) become connected. So we need to merge those.

But also, the old color A loses all the cells in the repainted segment.

So, the steps for a query "1 x c":

1. Find the contiguous segment (start and end) of the current color (say A) containing x.
2. Let L = length of the segment.
3. Decrease the count for color A by L.
4. Increase the count for color c by L.
5. Then, check the left and right of the segment: if they are color c, then merge them with the repainted segment (which is now c). But actually, the repainted segment is now c, so we need to merge the left and right segments (if they are c) into one.

But note: the repainted segment is now c, so if there was a segment of color c to the left (adjacent) and to the right, then after repainting, the entire block is one contiguous segment. But in the data structure, we need to:

- Remove the segment of color A (the repainted one).
- Then, if the left neighbor is color c, then merge the left segment (color c) and the repainted segment (now color c) and the right segment (color c) into one.

But wait, the repainted segment is in the middle. So we need to:

- Remove the segment of color A (the repainted one).
- Then, check the left and right of the repainted segment (the cells immediately to the left and right of the segment) and if they are color c, then merge the adjacent segments (which are color c) with the repainted segment.

But actually, the repainted segment is now color c, so the left and right segments (if they are color c) are now adjacent to a color c segment, so they are part of the same contiguous segment. But we need to update the data structure to reflect that.

Alternatively, we can maintain the row as a set of intervals (each interval is [l, r] with color c). Then, the total row is the union of these intervals, and they are non-overlapping and cover the entire row.

Then, when we repaint an interval [l, r] (which is of color A) to color c:

1. Remove the interval [l, r] from color A and from the overall row.
2. Then, check the left and right boundaries: 
   - The cell at l-1 (if exists) is the end of a segment to the left (if any) and the cell at r+1 (if exists) is the beginning of a segment to the right (if any).
3. Then, we add the interval [l, r] with color c.
4. Then, if the left neighbor (l-1) is color c, then merge the left segment (which is color c) and the new segment (color c) and the right segment (if any) into one. Similarly for the right.

But merging adjacent segments: we need to check the color of the adjacent segments (if they are color c) and then merge them.

But note: the adjacent segments might be of color c, but they are stored as separate intervals. So we need to merge them.

But how do we know the color of the adjacent cells? We can store the intervals and then, for each interval, we know its color and its boundaries.

Alternatively, we can store the entire row as a union of disjoint intervals, and maintain a data structure that maps color to a sorted list of intervals (by their starting index). Then, when we repaint an interval [l, r] to color c:

1. Remove the interval [l, r] from the color A's list and from the overall structure.
2. Then, check the left and right: 
   - The left neighbor: the cell l-1. The interval that ends at l-1 (if any) is the left adjacent segment. Similarly, the interval that starts at r+1 (if any) is the right adjacent segment.
   - Then, if the left adjacent segment exists and has color c, then we merge it with the new segment. Similarly for the right.

But wait, the adjacent segments are stored as intervals. The left adjacent segment ends at l-1, and the new segment starts at l. Then, if the left adjacent segment's color is c, then we can merge them: create a new interval [start_left, r] (if the left adjacent segment's end is l-1, then the new interval is [start_left, r]) and remove the left adjacent segment and the new segment and then add the merged one.

Similarly for the right.

But then, we need to update the overall row and the color counts.

But the problem is: how to quickly find the interval containing x? We can store the intervals in a balanced BST or use a segment tree? Or maybe use a linked list of intervals.

Alternatively, we can use a data structure that stores the current color of each cell? But updating each cell is O(n) per query, which is too slow.

Wait, but we have up to 200,000 queries, and each query might repaint a large contiguous segment. Then, updating each cell one by one is too slow (O(n) per query, worst-case 500,000 * 200,000 operations, which is 100e9, which is too slow in Python).

So we need a way to update the entire segment without iterating over each cell.

Therefore, we need a data structure that can:

1. Find the interval (contiguous same-color segment) containing a given cell x quickly.
2. Update the color of that interval to c, and then update the adjacent intervals (if same color) by merging.

We can use a balanced BST that stores the intervals by their position. But then, we need to be able to query the interval that contains x.

Alternatively, we can use a union-find-like structure? Or maybe a segment tree that stores the color and the length of contiguous same-color segments, but then updating a segment and merging adjacent segments is complex.

Wait, there's another idea: use a set of intervals (each interval is [l, r] with color c) and maintain a mapping from color to a sorted list of intervals (by l). Then, to find the interval containing x, we can look at the color of x (which we can store separately) and then find the interval that contains x. But wait, we don't store the color of each cell separately, we store the intervals.

Actually, we need to store the current color of each cell? Or we can store the intervals and then the entire row is the union of intervals, and each cell belongs to exactly one interval.

Then, to find the interval containing x, we can have a data structure that, given x, returns the interval [l, r] that contains x. We can maintain a sorted list of intervals (by l) and then for each color, we have a sorted list of intervals (by l). Then, to find the interval containing x, we can:

- For the color of x (which we need to know), we look at the intervals of that color that overlap with x.

But wait, we don't store the color of x separately. Actually, we can: we need to know the current color of x to determine the contiguous segment. So we must store the current color of each cell? Or we can store the intervals and then the color of an interval is the color for all cells in that interval.

But then, to find the contiguous segment of color A, we need to know which interval of color A contains x. So we need to store the intervals and also the color of each interval.

Then, for a query "1 x c":

1. Find the interval containing x. We can do this by having a separate array (or dictionary) that maps each cell to its interval? Or we can store the intervals and then use a balanced BST keyed by the interval's l and r.

Alternatively, we can use a "parent" pointer for each cell, but then the contiguous segment is stored as an interval.

Wait, we can use a data structure called a "disjoint set union" (DSU) for the contiguous segments? But DSU is for connectivity, and we are dealing with contiguous segments in a row.

Another idea: use a balanced BST (like a sorted list) of intervals for each color. But then, to find the interval containing x, we need to know the color of x. So we need to store the color of x. 

Wait, we can store:

- A dictionary (or array) `color_of_cell` that stores the current color of each cell. But updating 500,000 cells for each query is too slow.

Alternatively, we can store the intervals and then the color of an interval. Then, the color of a cell is the color of the interval it belongs to.

But then, to find the interval containing x, we can have a separate data structure that, given x, returns the interval [l, r] that contains x. We can use a segment tree or a balanced BST that stores intervals.

But there is a simpler way: use a "linked list" of intervals? Or use a balanced BST that stores intervals (as (l, r, color)) and then for a given x, we can find the interval that contains x by doing a binary search on the intervals by l and r.

But we need to update the intervals (merging and splitting) and also update the counts.

Alternatively, we can use a "line sweep" and a balanced BST for the endpoints.

Wait, there's a known technique: maintain a set of intervals (as a sorted list by l) and then use a pointer array that points to the interval containing each cell. But updating the intervals (merging) would require updating the pointers for all cells in the merged interval? That would be O(n) per merge.

But we can use a union-find with path compression? Or use a "parent" array for the intervals, but that doesn't help.

Wait, maybe we can use a balanced BST to store the intervals (as (l, r, color)) and also store the intervals by their l and r. Then, to find the interval containing x, we can:

- Find the interval with l <= x and r >= x.

But how to do that efficiently? We can store intervals in a BST by l, and then for each l, store the r and color. Then, we can do a binary search for the interval with l <= x and then check if x <= r. But then, we need to know the color of x (which is the color of the interval). 

But wait, we don't store the color of each cell separately, so we need to store the intervals and then the color of an interval is the color for all cells in that interval.

But then, to update, we need to:

1. Find the interval containing x (by having a data structure that maps from x to interval). We can use a balanced BST that stores the intervals, and then for each interval, we store (l, r, color). Then, we can also store a separate array `cell_color` but that is what we want to avoid.

Alternatively, we can use a "sweep line" and a segment tree that stores the color of each cell, but then updating contiguous segments is complex.

Wait, there's a known problem: "range update" and "range query" but here we need to update contiguous segments and then also merge adjacent segments of the same color.

Actually, this problem is similar to "Flood Fill" operations in a linear structure.

I recall that one efficient way to handle such problems is to use a "DSU" for the linear structure? Or use a "linked list" of intervals.

Alternatively, we can use a balanced BST (like a sorted list) of intervals, and then for each query, we:

1. Find the interval containing x (by binary search in a list of intervals, but we need to update the intervals, so we need a data structure that supports insertion and deletion).

But then, the problem is that the intervals are dynamic.

Wait, we can use a "segment tree" that stores the color of each cell, but then updating a contiguous segment (range update) and then also updating the adjacent segments (which are also stored in the segment tree) is complex.

Another idea: use a "lazy propagation" segment tree that stores the color and the length of the segment. But then, we need to update the entire contiguous segment to a new color, and then also update the counts.

But then, how do we find the contiguous segment containing x? In a segment tree, we can store the color of the node and the length of the contiguous segment of that color. But then, to update, we need to update the entire contiguous segment, but the segment tree is built on fixed intervals. 

Wait, no: the segment tree is built for the entire array, and each leaf is a cell. Then, a range update (painting a contiguous segment) would update a contiguous set of leaves. But then, the contiguous same-color segments in the entire array would be stored in the segment tree. But then, how do we find the contiguous segment containing a given x? We can store the color of the cell at each leaf, and then the parent nodes store the color and the length of the contiguous segment (if the entire node's segment is the same color). But then, updating a contiguous segment (which is a range) is standard, but then the problem is: the contiguous segment we are repainting is defined by the current color, not by a fixed range. Actually, no: the repainting operation repaints the entire contiguous same-color segment that contains x. So we need to know the boundaries of the contiguous same-color segment.

But in a segment tree, we can store the left and right boundaries of the same-color segment for each node. Then, to update, we need to find the contiguous segment containing x, which is the maximal contiguous same-color segment that contains x. Then, update that entire segment.

But then, how do we find the contiguous segment containing x? We can traverse the segment tree and at each node, if the entire node is the same color, then we can use that. Otherwise, we go to the children.

But then, updating the entire contiguous segment to a new color, and then updating the adjacent nodes.

But the segment tree update (range update) is O(log n) if we use lazy propagation. But then, the query to find the contiguous segment containing x is O(log n) as well.

But then, the challenge is: we need to update the entire contiguous segment (which is a contiguous range) to color c, and then update the counts.

But wait, the contiguous segment is defined by the same color. So initially, each cell is a separate color. Then, when we update a cell, we update a contiguous segment (the entire same-color segment containing x). Then, we need to update the entire segment to a new color.

But note: the contiguous segment might be broken by different colors. So we need to update the entire contiguous same-color segment.

Wait, no: the contiguous same-color segment is defined by the current color. So the segment tree should store the current color of each cell, and then we can update a contiguous range (which we need to find) to a new color.

But then, the problem is: how to find the contiguous same-color segment containing x? 

We can store the segment tree that supports range updates and queries. Then, we can do:

1. Query the segment tree for the color of x (which is stored in the leaf). But then, to find the contiguous segment, we need to go left and right until the color changes.

But that would be O(n) in the worst case (if the entire row is the same color, then we update the entire row, but then the query to find the contiguous segment would be O(n)).

But we have up to 200,000 queries, and each query might be the entire row, so worst-case O(200,000 * 500,000) which is 100e9, too slow.

So we need an efficient way to find the contiguous segment.

Alternatively, we can store the boundaries of the contiguous segments in a separate data structure.

Wait, let me think differently.

We can maintain two arrays:

1. `left_bound[i]`: the leftmost index of the contiguous same-color segment containing i.
2. `right_bound[i]`: the rightmost index.

But then, updating a segment is complex because the adjacent segments might change.

Alternatively, we can use a balanced BST that stores the intervals (l, r, color) for each contiguous segment. Then, to find the segment containing x, we can:

- Query the BST for the interval that contains x (i.e., l <= x <= r). Then, that interval is the contiguous segment.

Then, to update, we remove that interval and then check the left and right of the interval (if they are the same color) and merge them.

But then, how do we find the interval containing x? We can store all intervals in a BST keyed by l, and then for each interval, store r and color. Then, to find the interval containing x, we can find the interval with l <= x and the next interval (if any) has l > x, and then check if x <= r. But we need to know the color of x, which is the color of the interval.

But wait, we don't store the color of each cell separately. But we can: we can have an array `cell_color` that stores the current color of each cell. Then, when we repaint, we update the entire contiguous segment's color to c, and then update `cell_color` for each cell in the segment. But that is O(n) per query.

But we can use the interval data structure to avoid storing `cell_color` for each cell? Or we can store `cell_color` but update it only when necessary.

Wait, actually, we need to know the current color of cell x to determine the contiguous segment. So we must store the current color of each cell, or at least the color of the interval containing x.

But if we store the intervals, then the color of a cell is the color of the interval that contains it. So we can have a pointer from cell to interval, but updating the interval's color would require updating all cells in that interval.

Alternatively, we can store the intervals and also an array `cell_color` that is updated only when necessary. But then, how often do we need to update `cell_color`? 

Actually, we need to know the current color of x for each query type 1. So for each query type 1, we need to know the current color of x. We can store `cell_color` for each cell, and update it only when a query type 1 is performed and the cell is part of the repainted segment.

But then, the challenge is: when we repaint a segment, we update the `cell_color` for each cell in the segment. But that is O(n) per query.

But worst-case, we might repaint the entire array (if the entire array is the same color) and then update 500,000 cells. And we have up to 200,000 queries, so worst-case 200,000 * 500,000 = 100e9 updates, which is too slow in Python.

We need a way to update the entire segment without iterating over each cell.

Therefore, we need to avoid storing `cell_color` for each cell and updating it per query.

So, back to the intervals approach.

We can store a set of intervals (each interval is [l, r] with color c). Then, the entire row is the union of these intervals, and they are disjoint and cover [1, N].

Then, to find the interval containing x, we can:

- Maintain a sorted list of intervals by l. Then, for a given x, find the interval that has l <= x <= r. We can do this by storing the intervals in a balanced BST keyed by l, and then for each interval, store r and color.

But then, how do we know the color of x? The color of x is the color of the interval containing x.

But then, for query type 1, we:

1. Find the interval containing x (which is the contiguous same-color segment) and its color A.
2. Then, update that interval to color c.

But then, we need to update the interval's color to c, and then merge adjacent intervals of color c.

But then, how do we update the interval's color? We remove the interval [l, r] and then add a new interval [l, r] with color c. Then, if the left neighbor (l-1) is color c, then merge with the left interval. Similarly for the right.

But then, we need to know the color of the left neighbor and right neighbor. We can store the intervals in a BST keyed by l, and also for each color, store a sorted list of intervals (by l). Then, to find the interval containing x, we can:

- Use the BST keyed by l to find the interval with l <= x and the next interval (if any) has l > x, and then check if x <= r. But then, we need to store the intervals in a data structure that allows us to find the interval containing x quickly.

We can use a "Interval Tree" or a "Segment Tree" for the intervals.

Alternatively, we can use a "linked list" of intervals sorted by l. Then, for a given x, we can find the interval by binary search (if the list is sorted by l). Then, once we find the interval [l, r] such that l <= x <= r, then that's the interval.

Then, for updating:

1. Remove the interval [l, r] from the BST and from the color A's list.
2. Then, get the left neighbor: the interval that ends at l-1. Similarly, the right neighbor: the interval that starts at r+1.
3. Then, if the left neighbor exists and its color is c, then merge: remove the left neighbor and the current repainted interval and create a new interval [left_neighbor.l, r] with color c.
4. Similarly for the right.

But then, we need to update the overall structure and the counts.

But then, we need to maintain:

- A global sorted list of intervals (by l) for the entire row.
- For each color, a sorted list of intervals (by l) for that color.

Then, to find the interval containing x:

- Use binary search in the global list to find the interval with l <= x and r >= x.

But the global list is sorted by l, so we can find the interval with l <= x and then check if x <= r. But there might be multiple intervals with l <= x? No, because the intervals are disjoint and cover the entire row, so there is exactly one interval containing x.

But then, how to find the interval containing x? We can store the intervals in a balanced BST keyed by l, and then for each interval, store r. Then, we can find the interval with l <= x and the next interval has l > x, and then check if x <= r.

But then, we need to update the intervals (merging) and the counts.

We can also maintain an array `ans` for counts for each color.

Steps for query type 1 x c:

1. Find the interval containing x (using the global BST of intervals). Let the interval be [l, r] with color A.
2. Remove this interval from the global BST and from the list for color A.
3. Decrease the count for color A by (r - l + 1).
4. Then, get the left neighbor: the interval that ends at l-1. If exists, then its color is B (say). Then, if B == c, then merge.
5. Similarly, get the right neighbor: the interval that starts at r+1. If exists, then its color is D (say). Then, if D == c, then merge.
6. Then, add the new interval [l, r] with color c.
7. Increase the count for color c by (r - l + 1).
8. Then, if we merged the left neighbor, then the new interval becomes [left.l, r] (if left exists and color c). Similarly, if we merged the right, then [l, right.r]. If both, then [left.l, right.r].

But then, we need to update the global BST and the color lists.

We can use two data structures:

1. A sorted list (or balanced BST) of intervals (l, r, color) for the entire row, keyed by l.
2. A dictionary (color -> sorted list of intervals) for each color.

Then, to find the interval containing x:

- Use the global list: find the interval with l <= x and r >= x. We can do this by first finding the interval with l <= x (using binary search by l) and then checking if x <= r. But there might be multiple intervals with l <= x, so we need to find the interval that contains x.

Actually, we can store the intervals in a balanced BST keyed by l, and then for each interval, store r. Then, we can find the interval with the largest l that is <= x. But then, we need to check if x <= r.

But then, we can use a "segment tree" or a "interval tree" for the intervals.

Alternatively, we can use a "linked list" of intervals sorted by l, and then for each interval, store r and color. Then, to find the interval containing x, we can do a binary search for the interval with l <= x and then check if x <= r. But then, if there are multiple intervals with l <= x, we need to find the one that has r >= x.

Actually, we can store the intervals in a balanced BST keyed by l, and then for each interval, store r and color. Then, to find the interval containing x, we can:

- Find the interval with the largest l that is <= x (which is the interval that might contain x). Then, check if x <= r. But there might be an interval that starts before x but ends after x, and also an interval that starts after x (we don't care). But the intervals are disjoint and cover the entire row, so the interval containing x is the one with l <= x and r >= x.

But then, we can use a "interval tree" that stores the intervals by l and r.

But for simplicity, we can store the intervals in a sorted list by l, and then use binary search to find the interval with l <= x and then check if x <= r. But then, we might have to check several intervals. Actually, since the intervals are disjoint and cover the entire row, there is exactly one interval containing x.

But then, we can store the intervals in a sorted list by l, and then for a given x, we can:

- Find the last interval with l <= x (using bisect_right on the list of l's).
- Then, check if x is <= r of that interval.

But then, the list of intervals is dynamic, so we need to update it.

Alternatively, we can use a balanced BST (like the sorted list module) for the intervals, keyed by l.

But then, the operations:

- Insertion of an interval: O(log n)
- Deletion: O(log n)
- Query (find interval containing x): O(log n) because we can binary search by l and then check if x is in [l, r].

But then, when we merge intervals, we need to remove two intervals and insert one.

Steps for query type 1 x c:

1. Find the interval containing x: [l, r] with color A.
2. Remove [l, r] from the global list and from color A's list.
3. Decrease count[A] by (r - l + 1).
4. Then, check left neighbor: the interval that ends at l-1. To find it, we can store the intervals in a BST that also stores the r. Or we can store a separate BST for the r's? Or we can store the intervals and then the left neighbor is the interval that has r = l-1. But then, how to find it? 

Alternatively, we can store two balanced BSTs: one keyed by l and one keyed by r. Then, the left neighbor is the interval with r = l-1. But then, we need to know the interval that ends at l-1. We can store a mapping from r to the interval, but then we need to update it.

Alternatively, we can store the intervals in a BST keyed by l, and then also maintain an array `prev` and `next` pointers for the intervals? Or use a linked list of intervals sorted by l.

But then, to find the left neighbor, we need the interval that ends at l-1. We can store the intervals in a BST keyed by r, and then find the interval with r = l-1. But then, we need to update both BSTs on insertion and deletion.

Alternatively, we can store the intervals in a "doubly linked list" sorted by l, and then also store an array `color_count` and a separate array `cell_color` is not used.

But then, the challenge is to update the intervals and the counts.

Wait, there's a known efficient data structure: a "union-find" with path compression for the entire row? But not exactly.

Another idea: use a "set" of intervals and then use a "balanced BST" for the intervals by their l and r. But then, the operations are:

- Insertion: O(log n)
- Deletion: O(log n)
- Query: O(log n) to find the interval containing x.

But then, the total complexity is O(Q * log n), which is acceptable for Q up to 200,000 and n up to 500,000.

We can use the sorted list from the sortedcontainers module, but since we are in a competition, we can't use external modules. So we'll implement a balanced BST or use the built-in sorted list and bisect.


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
from collections import defaultdict
import bisect

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); q = int(next(it))
    
    # We'll maintain:
    # 1. A list `intervals` of intervals (l, r, color) for the entire row, sorted by l.
    # 2. A dictionary `color_intervals` that maps color to a sorted list of (l, r) for intervals of that color.
    # 3. An array `color_count` for counts of each color, indexed by color (colors are from 1 to n, but note: c can be up to n, but initially colors are from 1 to n, and queries use c in [1, n]).
    # 4. A list `cells` is not stored; we use intervals.
    
    # But note: initially, each cell i has color i. So we have intervals: for i from 1 to n, interval [i, i] with color i.
    intervals = []  # list of (l, r, color)
    color_intervals = defaultdict(list)  # color -> list of (l, r)
    color_count = [0] * (n+1)  # 1-indexed, index from 1 to n
    
    # Initialize: each cell i is an interval [i, i] with color i.
    for i in range(1, n+1):
        color_intervals[i].append((i, i))
        color_count[i] = 1
    
    # We'll maintain a sorted list of intervals by l. But we also need to be able to query by x.
    # Instead, we can store the intervals in a list and keep it sorted by l. Then, to find the interval containing x, we can do a binary search for the interval with l <= x and then check if x <= r.
    # But we need to update the intervals, so we'll use a list and keep it sorted by l. Then, we can use bisect to find the interval.
    # However, we also need to remove and insert intervals, so we'll use a sorted list and update it.
    # We'll maintain a separate list `intervals_list` that is sorted by l.
    intervals_list = []
    # But initially, we have many intervals. We can start with a list of all intervals [ (i, i, i) for i in range(1, n+1) ] and then sort by l.
    # But then, we need to update. Alternatively, we can use a balanced BST simulation with sorted list and bisect.
    # Let's use a list `intervals_list` that is sorted by l. We'll insert and remove using bisect and then maintain sorted order.
    # But then, the total number of intervals is initially n, and each query type 1 might merge intervals, so the number of intervals decreases.
    
    # Actually, we can use a different approach: store the intervals in a dictionary `color_intervals` and a global sorted list of all intervals (by l) for the entire row.
    # But then, to find the interval containing x, we can:
    #   - Find the interval in the global list that has l <= x <= r.
    #   - We can use bisect to find the interval with l <= x, and then check if x <= r.
    #   - But there might be multiple intervals with l <= x, so we need to find the one that has r >= x.
    #
    # Alternatively, we can store the intervals in a balanced BST keyed by l, and then also store a separate BST keyed by r? Or use a segment tree.
    #
    # Given the constraints, we can use a list `intervals_list` and use bisect to find the interval containing x.
    #
    # Steps for query type 1 x c:
    #   1. Find the interval containing x. We'll search in `intervals_list` for the interval with l <= x and the next interval has l > x, and then check if x <= r.
    #   2. But since the intervals are disjoint and cover the entire row, there is exactly one interval containing x.
    #
    # However, we need to update the intervals_list and color_intervals.
    #
    # Let's reinitialize:
    #   intervals_list = sorted list of (l, r, color) for all intervals, initially [(i, i, i) for i in range(1, n+1)]
    #   color_intervals: defaultdict(list) with each color i having [(i, i)]
    #   color_count: [0]*(n+1), then for i in 1..n: color_count[i] = 1
    #
    # But then, to