=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Takahashi aggregated usage records from ticket gates.
However, he accidentally erased some records of entering and exiting stations.
He is trying to restore the erased records.

You are given a string S consisting of i and o. We want to insert zero or more characters at arbitrary positions in S so that the resulting string satisfies the following conditions:

- Its length is even, and every odd-numbered (1st, 3rd, ...) character is i while every even-numbered (2nd, 4th, ...) character is o.

Find the minimum number of characters that need to be inserted. It can be proved under the constraints of this problem that by inserting an appropriate finite number of characters, S can be made to satisfy the conditions.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
S

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- S is a string of length between 1 and 100, consisting of i and o.

Sample Input 1

ioi

Sample Output 1

1

We can insert o after the 3rd character to form ioio to satisfy the conditions. The conditions cannot be satisfied by inserting zero or fewer characters.

Sample Input 2

iioo

Sample Output 2

2

We can insert o after the 1st character and i after the 3rd character to satisfy the conditions. The conditions cannot be satisfied by inserting one or fewer characters.

Sample Input 3

io

Sample Output 3

0

S already satisfies the conditions.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 Okay, we are given a string S of 'i' and 'o'
 We need to insert the minimum number of characters (either 'i' or 'o') so that the resulting string has:
   - Even length
   - Every odd-indexed (1st, 3rd, ...) character is 'i'
   - Every even-indexed (2nd, 4th, ...) character is 'o'

 Note: We can insert at arbitrary positions.

 Observation:
 The desired string must look like: "i o i o i o ..." (with spaces for clarity, but no spaces in the string)

 We can think of the process as: we traverse the string and whenever we have a mismatch with the expected character at the current position (if we were building the desired pattern), we can insert a character to fix it.

 However, note that the problem does not require us to fix the pattern from the beginning only. We can insert anywhere.

 Actually, the problem is similar to: we want to break the string into segments that are either matching the pattern or not, and we can insert characters to adjust.

 Alternatively, we can consider that the final string must have an even length and the pattern is fixed: the first character must be 'i', the second 'o', the third 'i', the fourth 'o', etc.

 We can use dynamic programming or greedy? But note: we can insert anywhere.

 Let's consider: We are allowed to insert any character at any position. We want to form a string that is a supersequence of S (with the inserted characters) and that satisfies the alternating pattern and even length.

 But note: the pattern is fixed: the k-th character (1-indexed) must be 'i' if k is odd, and 'o' if k is even.

 We can also note that the minimal number of insertions is the same as: we want to keep as many characters as possible that are in the correct order and at the correct positions, and then fix the rest by inserting.

 However, note: the pattern is fixed and the positions matter.

 Another idea: We can consider that we are going to form a string T that is a sequence of pairs: each pair is either "io" or "oi"? Actually, the pattern is strictly: the odd positions are 'i' and even are 'o'. So the entire string is "i", then "o", then "i", then "o", etc.

 We can break down the problem: We want to cover the original string S with a sequence of tokens that are either "i" or "o", but the pattern requires that the first token is "i", then "o", then "i", then "o", etc.

 But note: the inserted characters can be anywhere. So we can think of matching S against the pattern. The pattern is infinite, but we only need to form a string of even length.

 Actually, we can use a state machine that traverses S and at the same time builds the pattern.

 Let n be the length of the desired string. We want the minimal insertions.

 Alternatively, we can consider: what is the minimal even length we can form that is at least the length of S and such that the pattern holds?

 But note: we are allowed to insert arbitrarily, so we can also skip some characters if they are in the wrong place? Actually, we cannot skip: because the original characters must appear in order. But wait: the problem says "insert zero or more characters at arbitrary positions", so we cannot remove or change existing characters.

 So we must preserve the order of S.

 We can use a two-pointer approach: we want to see how many characters from S we can use without violating the pattern, and then the rest must be inserted.

 But the pattern is fixed: the first character must be 'i', then 'o', then 'i', then 'o', etc.

 Let's define:
   We are going to traverse S and try to match the pattern from the beginning.

 However, note: we can insert characters arbitrarily, so we can also insert characters at the beginning or in the middle.

 Actually, the pattern must be satisfied for the entire string. The first character must be 'i'. So if the first character of S is not 'i', we must insert an 'i' at the beginning? But wait: we can insert at the beginning.

 But note: the problem says "insert zero or more characters at arbitrary positions", so we can insert at the beginning.

 However, consider: we want to minimize the number of insertions.

 Let's define the desired pattern as: 
   Position 1: 'i'
   Position 2: 'o'
   Position 3: 'i'
   Position 4: 'o'
   ...

 We are going to assign to the original string S a subsequence (keeping the order) that matches the pattern. Then the number of insertions is (total length of the desired string) minus (length of the matched subsequence). But note: the desired string must have even length, and the pattern is fixed.

 However, we are free to choose the total length (as long as even) and we want the minimal insertions.

 Alternatively, we can think: We want to form a string T that is a supersequence of S (with the same order) and T satisfies the pattern and has even length. We want to minimize the length of T minus |S| (i.e., the insertions).

 But note: the pattern requires that the k-th character (1-indexed) is 'i' if k is odd and 'o' if even.

 We can use dynamic programming:

 Let dp[i][j] = the minimal total length (i.e., the number of characters in the resulting string) we can achieve after processing the first i characters of S and having matched j characters of the pattern (so j is the number of characters we have matched from the pattern, and j must be even at the end because the pattern requires even length? Actually, we can stop at any even j, but we are building the pattern from the beginning).

 But note: the pattern is fixed: the first character must be 'i', then 'o', then 'i', then 'o', etc.

 Actually, we can consider two states: the next expected character in the pattern and the current length of the pattern we have built (modulo 2). But the pattern is periodic with period 2.

 Alternatively, we can use state (i, j) where i is the index in S and j is the current state (0 for even index (meaning we are at an even position, which should be 'o'), but wait: let's define state by the next expected character.

 Actually, we can define state (i, j) where i is the index in S (from 0 to n) and j is the current position in the pattern (0-indexed: 0 means we are at the beginning, then we need an 'i' at the first character). Then when we are at state (i, j), we have matched j+1 characters of the pattern (if we consider j from 0 to ...) but we don't need to know the absolute length, we just need to know the next expected character.

 Since the pattern is periodic, we can have two states: 
   state0: the next expected character is 'i' (meaning we are at an odd position: 1st, 3rd, ...)
   state1: the next expected character is 'o' (meaning we are at an even position: 2nd, 4th, ...)

 But note: we can also consider that we can insert characters arbitrarily. So at each position, we can either take the next character from S (if it matches the expected one) or we can insert the expected character (if we don't have one) and then move to the next state.

 Actually, we can model it as:

 We have two states: 
   state0: we are at a state where the next expected character is 'i' (so we are at an odd position in the pattern)
   state1: we are at a state where the next expected character is 'o'

 We start at state0 (because the first character must be 'i').

 Then, for each character in S, we can either:
   - If the current character matches the expected one, then we consume it and move to the next state (flip the state).
   - Otherwise, we can insert the expected character (so we don't consume from S, and then we move to the next state) and then we are still at the same index in S? But wait, we are allowed to insert anywhere, so we can insert before the current character? Actually, we can insert at any position. But note: we are processing the string from left to right.

 However, we can also consider: we are going to form a string that includes S as a subsequence. The minimal insertions is the minimal number of characters we need to add to S to turn it into a string that matches the pattern.

 But note: the pattern is fixed and the positions matter. The pattern requires that the first character is 'i', then 'o', then 'i', then 'o', etc.

 We can use a greedy algorithm:

 Let's define two variables: 
   current_state: 0 for expecting 'i', 1 for expecting 'o'
   insertions = 0

 Then, we traverse S. However, we can also insert before the first character.

 Actually, we can consider: we want to match the pattern. The pattern has two types: 
   Type0: 'i' (state0)
   Type1: 'o' (state1)

 We can simulate:

   Start at state0 (expecting 'i').
   For each character c in S:
        if c == expected_char, then we update state (flip: state0 -> state1, state1 -> state0) and move to next.
        else: we must insert the expected_char (so insertions++), and then we update state (because we inserted the expected_char) and then we can use the current c? Actually, no: because we are allowed to insert at arbitrary positions, we can insert the expected_char and then the current c is still to be processed.

 But wait, if we insert a character, then the current character of S is still there. However, after inserting, we then have the current character. But then the state should be updated by the inserted character, and then we process the current character.

 Actually, we can do:

   Start at state0 (expecting 'i'), and we have an empty string (or we are going to build a string that includes S as a subsequence).

   Then, for each character in S:
        if the current state expects a certain character, and the next character (from S) is that, then we use that character and update state.
        else, we insert the expected character (so insertions++), and then update state (because we inserted the expected character) and then we can use the current character (if we want) but wait: we are processing the current character. 

 But note: the inserted character is at the current position (so we are effectively inserting before the current character). Then we are still at the same state for the current character? Actually, no: we inserted the expected character, so we moved the state forward (because we inserted one character). Then we can use the current character as the next expected character.

 Actually, the process:

   We are at state0 (expecting 'i') and we have not started processing S.

   Then, for the first character of S:
        if it is 'i', then we use it and go to state1 (expecting 'o').
        if it is 'o', then we insert 'i' (insertions++), then we use the current 'o'? But wait, now we are at state1 (because we inserted the 'i') and then we see an 'o'. Now, at state1, we expect 'o', so we use the 'o' and go to state0.

   Then, for the next character, we are at state0 again.

   But what if we have multiple consecutive mismatches?

   Example: S = "oo"

   We start at state0 (expecting 'i').
   First character is 'o': mismatch. Insert 'i' (insertions=1), now we are at state1 (expecting 'o') and we have the first 'o' from S. Then we use that 'o' and go to state0 (insertions=1, and then we process the second character).

   Now, the second character is 'o' and we are at state0 (expecting 'i'): mismatch. Insert 'i' (insertions=2) and then we are at state1, and then we use the second 'o'? But wait, we have two 'o's. Actually, we can insert the 'i' and then the second 'o' is now at the position of the inserted 'i'? 

   Actually, the process is: we are building a string that is a supersequence of S. The minimal insertions is the minimal number of characters to add.

   Alternatively, we can use a state machine that counts the minimal insertions to match the pattern.

   We can define:
        state = 0   # meaning we are at the beginning (expecting an 'i')
        insertions = 0

   Then, for each character c in S:
        if state == 0: # expecting 'i'
            if c == 'i':
                state = 1   # now expecting 'o'
            else: # c == 'o'
                insertions += 1   # we insert 'i'
                state = 1   # because we inserted 'i', so now we are at state1 (expecting 'o')
        else: # state == 1, expecting 'o'
            if c == 'o':
                state = 0
            else: # c == 'i'
                insertions += 1   # we insert 'o'
                state = 0   # because we inserted 'o', so now we are at state0 (expecting 'i')

   But wait, is that correct? Let's test with sample inputs.

   Sample Input 1: "ioi"

        Start: state=0, insertions=0
        c='i': state=1
        c='o': state=0 (correct, because after 'i' and then 'o' we have "io")
        c='i': state=1 (now we have "ioi", but the pattern requires that the last character is at an odd position? Actually, the pattern for the entire string must be: 
            position1: 'i'
            position2: 'o'
            position3: 'i'
            position4: 'o' (if we had more)

        But our string "ioi" has length 3 (odd) and the pattern requires even length? Actually, no: the pattern requires that the string has even length and the odd positions are 'i' and even are 'o'. But our string "ioi" has 3 characters, which is odd. 

        The problem says: the resulting string must have even length. But our state machine above does not account for the even length condition.

        However, note: the pattern is defined for every odd and even position. The condition is that the string has even length, and then the positions are defined. 

        Our state machine above is building the pattern: 
            We start with state0 (expecting an 'i') and then we are effectively building the pattern: 
                state0: we are at an odd index (the next one is the first, third, fifth, etc.)
                state1: we are at an even index (the next one is the second, fourth, etc.)

        But note: the pattern requires that the entire string has even length. That means the last character must be at an even index (so state1). 

        However, our state machine above does not enforce that the final state is state1 (because we don't know the total length). 

        Actually, we can consider: we are building a string that must end at state1 (because the last character is even) or state0 (if we stop at an odd length)? 

        But the problem requires even length. So the last character must be at an even position (so the state after the last character must be state1). 

        However, note: the state machine above does not require the string to have even length. We are just matching the pattern. 

        Actually, the pattern condition is: 
            For k from 1 to n (n even): 
                if k is odd, then the k-th character is 'i'
                if k is even, then the k-th character is 'o'

        Our state machine is building the pattern one character at a time, and the state alternates. But note: the state machine above does not account for the fact that we might need to insert a character at the end to make the length even? 

        Actually, the problem does not require the pattern to be built to a fixed length. We can insert as many as needed. The minimal insertions is the goal.

        However, the above state machine does not guarantee that the final state is state1 (even length). 

        Example: "ioi" (from sample input 1) is given. Our state machine:

            Start: state0, insertions=0
            'i' -> state1, insertions=0
            'o' -> state0, insertions=0
            'i' -> state1, insertions=0

        Then the resulting string is "ioi", which is of length 3 (odd) and does not satisfy the condition. 

        So we must ensure that the final string has even length. 

        How?
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
def main():
    S = input().strip()
    state = 0  # 0: expecting 'i', 1: expecting 'o'
    insertions = 0

    for c in S:
        if state == 0:
            if c == 'i':
                state = 1
            else:
                insertions += 1
                state = 1
        else:  # state == 1
            if c == 'o':
                state = 0
            else:
                insertions += 1
                state = 0

    # Now, we must ensure that the total length is even. 
    # The state machine above builds the pattern until the last character. 
    # The pattern requires that the last character is at an even position (state1). 
    # But note: the state machine does not know the total length. 

    # However, the problem does not require the pattern to be built to a fixed length. 
    # But the condition is that the string has even length and the pattern holds. 

    # The above state machine builds a string that is a supersequence of S and that matches the pattern for the positions that are built. 
    # But the pattern condition is: for every odd position, 'i'; for every even position, 'o'. 

    # The above state machine does not enforce that the entire string has even length. 

    # Actually, the state machine builds the pattern until the end of S. The total length of the built string is (original length + insertions). 

    # But note: the pattern condition is independent of the length: it requires that the k-th character (for k from 1 to the length) is 'i' if k is odd and 'o' if k is even. 

    # The above state machine ensures that the built string (the supersequence) has the pattern. 

    # However, the problem requires the string to have even length. 

    # But note: the pattern condition for even length is automatically satisfied if the built string has even length? Actually, the pattern condition is defined for the entire string. 

    # The above state machine does not require the built string to have even length. 

    # Let's check with sample input 2: "iioo"

        Expected output: 2

        Using the state machine:

        Start: state0, insertions=0
        'i' -> state1, insertions=0
        'i' -> mismatch: insert 'o' (insertions=1), then state0, then use the second 'i'? Actually, wait: the second character is 'i'. 

        Correction: the state machine above does not account for the fact that we are processing the entire string. 

        Actually, the state machine above is:

            state0: expecting 'i'
                if c is 'i': then state becomes 1 (expecting 'o')
                if c is 'o': then we insert 'i' (insertions++) and state becomes 1 (expecting 'o')

            state1: expecting 'o'
                if c is 'o': then state becomes 0 (expecting 'i')
                if c is 'i': then we insert 'o' (insertions++) and state becomes 0 (expecting 'i')

        Now, for "iioo":

            Start: state0
            c='i': state1, insertions=0
            c='i': state1 (current state is 1, so we are expecting 'o') -> mismatch, so insert 'o' (insertions=1) and state becomes 0.
            c='o': state0 (expecting 'i') -> mismatch, so insert 'i' (insertions=2) and state becomes 1.
            c='o': state1 (expecting 'o') -> match, state becomes 0.

        Then the total insertions is 2.

        But the resulting string is: 
            Original: "iioo"
            Insertions: after the first 'i' (we inserted nothing for the first 'i')? Actually, we inserted after the second character (the second 'i') and then after the third character (the first 'o').

        The built string is: 
            Start with "i" (from first character)
            Then we have the second character 'i' but we inserted an 'o' before processing the second character? Actually, no: the state machine above does not insert at the beginning, but we are processing the string from left to right.

        The state machine above does not actually build the string, but counts the insertions. 

        The built string would be: 
            We start with the first character 'i' (so we have "i")
            Then for the second character 'i': we are in state1 (expecting 'o')