=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a positive integer N and two strings S and T, each of length N and consisting of lowercase English letters.
Determine whether it is possible to make S identical to T by repeating the operation below any number of times (possibly zero). If it is possible, also find the minimum number of operations required.

- Choose two lowercase English letters x, y and replace every occurrence of x in S with y.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
S
T

Output

If it is possible to make S identical to T, print the minimum number of operations required. Otherwise, print -1.

Constraints


- 1\leq N \leq 2\times 10^5
- N is an integer.
- Each of S and T is a string of length N, consisting of lowercase English letters.

Sample Input 1

6
afbfda
bkckbb

Sample Output 1

4

By performing the operation four times in the following way, you can make S identical to T:

- Choose x= b and y= c. S becomes afcfda.
- Choose x= a and y= b. S becomes bfcfdb.
- Choose x= f and y= k. S becomes bkckdb.
- Choose x= d and y= b. S becomes bkckbb, which is identical to T.

It cannot be done with fewer than four operations, so the minimum number of operations required is 4.

Sample Input 2

4
abac
abac

Sample Output 2

0

S and T are already identical, so no operations are required.

Sample Input 3

4
abac
abrc

Sample Output 3

-1

No matter how you repeat the operation, it is impossible to make S identical to T.

Sample Input 4

4
abac
bcba

Sample Output 4

4

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have this problem to solve. I need to determine if I can make string S identical to T by performing a series of operations. Each operation allows me to choose two letters, x and y, and replace every occurrence of x in S with y. I need to find the minimum number of operations required or return -1 if it's impossible.

First, I'll try to understand the operation. When I choose x and y, every x in S becomes y. Importantly, this operation is applied to the entire string, and I can do it multiple times. Also, note that the operations are not limited to distinct pairs; I can choose any two letters each time.

Let me think about what the operations can achieve. Essentially, I'm allowed to change all occurrences of one letter to another. The goal is to transform S into T. 

One thing I notice is that the operations are about mapping one letter to another. So, we can model this as a graph where each letter is a node, and each operation is an edge from x to y, meaning x gets replaced by y. But wait, actually, the operation is a replacement of x with y. So, if I have a chain of operations, say first replace a with b, then replace b with c, then effectively a becomes c. So, the operations can be thought of as a directed graph, and the replacements are transitive.

But wait, the operation is: choose two letters x and y, and replace every x in S with y. So, if I have a sequence of operations, then the final outcome for a letter is the last operation that affects it. However, if I replace a with b, and then replace b with c, then the original a becomes c. Similarly, if I have multiple replacements, the order matters, but the operations are independent in the sense that each operation applies to the entire current state.

But note: the operation is applied to the entire string, so if I have two operations: first replace a with b, then replace b with c, then the original a's become b's (from the first operation) and then those b's (which include the original a's and any other b's) become c's in the second operation. So, effectively, a is mapped to c.

But also, if I have multiple letters, I can map them in a chain.

Now, the problem is to transform S into T. So, for each character in S, it must end up as the corresponding character in T. 

But wait, the operations are global. So, if I replace a letter, it changes all occurrences of that letter. Therefore, the transformation must be consistent. 

Let me consider the constraints. The strings S and T are of the same length, and each operation replaces all occurrences of one letter with another.

Now, let's think about the requirements:

1. For each position i, S[i] must be transformed to T[i]. But note, the operations are global: if I change x to y, then all x's become y's, regardless of where they are.

2. However, the same operation can be applied multiple times and in any order.

3. The goal is to have S become T. So, for each letter in S, we must have a sequence of replacements that maps it to the corresponding letter in T.

But wait, actually, the entire string must match. So, for each letter in S, we need to map it to the letter in T that is supposed to be at that position. However, the mapping must be consistent: if two different letters in S are supposed to map to the same letter in T, that's okay. But if two different letters in S are supposed to map to two different letters in T, then we need to set up the operations accordingly.

But there's a catch: the operations are such that when we change a letter, it changes all of its occurrences. So, we can't have two different letters in S that are mapped to two different letters in T unless we break them down.

Wait, actually, the operations are independent. Let me try to model this.

Let me define a mapping from letters to letters. But note: the operations are not necessarily one-to-one. For example, if I replace a with b and then b with c, then a becomes c. But if I have two different letters, say a and d, and I want to map a to b and d to c, then I can do two separate operations: first replace a with b, then replace d with c. 

But what if in T, the letter that a should become is the same as the letter that d should become? Then I can do one operation: replace a and d with the same letter. But wait, no: because the operation is defined as replacing one letter with another. So, if I replace a with b and d with b, then both a and d become b. But that might not be what T requires. 

Wait, actually, the operations are only replacing one letter at a time. So, if I have two different letters that need to become the same letter, then I can do one operation that replaces one of them, and then another operation for the other? But wait, no: because if I replace a with b, then the other letter d remains. Then I have to replace d with b. So two operations.

But if I have a situation where two different letters must become two different letters, then I must map them separately. For example, if S has 'a' and 'd', and T has 'b' and 'c' respectively, then I need two operations: one for a->b and one for d->c.

But wait, what if in the process, one operation affects the other? For example, if I first replace a with b, then the string has no a's, but if d was supposed to become something else, then I can replace d with c. So that's independent.

But what if the mapping is more complex? For example, if S is "abc" and T is "def", then I need to map a->d, b->e, c->f. Each requires one operation, so three operations.

But wait, is there a way to do it with less? Actually, no, because each operation can only change one letter to another, and we have three distinct letters to change.

But wait, what if some letters are the same? For example, if S is "aab" and T is "ccd", then I can map a to c and then b to d? But wait, no: because if I map a to c, then the string becomes "ccb", and then I map b to d, so "cc" becomes "cc" and then "cc" becomes "cc", no: wait, when I map a to c, the two a's become c's, so the string becomes "ccb". Then I map b to d: the last character is b, so it becomes d. So the string becomes "ccd". So two operations.

But note: the operation is defined as replacing a letter with another. So, in the second operation, I only change the b's. 

Now, what if the mapping is not one-to-one? For example, if S is "aba" and T is "aaa". Then I can map b to a. One operation.

But what if T is "aab"? Then S is "aba" and T is "aab". So, the first character must become 'a', the second 'a', and the third 'b'. So, the first character is 'a' (already correct) and the second is 'b' (needs to become 'a') and the third is 'a' (needs to become 'b'). 

So, I need to change the second character from 'b' to 'a' and the third from 'a' to 'b'. But if I change 'b' to 'a', then the third character, which is 'a', remains. Then I have to change the third character from 'a' to 'b'. But wait, after changing b to a, the third character is still 'a' (from the original) and the second character becomes 'a'. Then I need to change the third character from 'a' to 'b'. But then the first character, which was 'a', remains. So, two operations.

But wait, is there a way to do it with one operation? No, because one operation can only change one letter. So, two operations.

But wait, the operation is: choose two letters x and y, and replace every x in S with y. So, in the first operation, if I choose x = b and y = a, then S becomes "aaa". Then I need to change the third character from 'a' to 'b'. But wait, the third character is 'a' (from the original) and the operation changed the second character. So, to change the third character, I need to choose x = a and y = b. Then the entire string becomes "aab" -> wait, no: the first operation changed the second character (b) to a, so the string is "aaa". Then the second operation: replace a with b: then the entire string becomes "bbb", which is not "aab". 

Wait, no. Actually, the operation is: replace every occurrence of x with y. So, if I do the first operation: replace b with a, then the string "aba" becomes "aaa". Then the second operation: replace a with b, then the entire string becomes "bbb". That's not "aab".

So, that approach doesn't work.

But wait, I need to get "aab" from "aba". 

Actually, the problem is: after the first operation, I changed the b to a, so the string becomes "aaa". Then to change the third character from a to b, I would have to replace a with b, which would change all a's to b's, so "aaa" becomes "bbb". 

But that's not what we want. So, how do we get "aab" from "aba"?

Wait, maybe I need to do operations in a different order. 

Actually, the operations are independent and can be done in any order. But note: the operation is global and replaces all occurrences of one letter with another.

So, the goal is to have S become T. 

In the example: S = "aba", T = "aab".

We have three positions: 
- Position 0: 'a' must remain 'a' (so no change needed for the first a).
- Position 1: 'b' must become 'a'.
- Position 2: 'a' must become 'b'.

But wait, if I change the second character from 'b' to 'a', then the third character, which is originally 'a', is now also changed to 'a' (because the operation replaces every 'b' with 'a')? No, wait: the operation replaces every occurrence of x (which is 'b') with y (which is 'a'). So, only the 'b' is changed. So the string becomes "aaa". Then, I need to change the third character from 'a' to 'b'. But if I change 'a' to 'b', then all a's become b's, so the entire string becomes "bbb", which is not "aab".

Alternatively, what if I change the third character first? 

First, change the third character (which is 'a') to 'b'. Operation: replace a with b. Then the string becomes "abb". Then, change the second character (which is 'b') to 'a': replace b with a. Then the string becomes "aaa". Then, I need to change the first character? No, the first character is 'a' and we need it to be 'a', so that's okay. But wait, after the second operation, the string is "aaa", which is not "aab". 

Wait, that doesn't work.

Alternatively, maybe I need to use a different mapping. 

Wait, maybe I need to map two letters to the same letter? But then that would require more operations.

Wait, let me think differently. 

Each operation is: choose two letters, x and y, and replace every x with y.

This operation is essentially building a graph of letter replacements. The key observation is that the operations are transitive. So, if I have a sequence of operations: 
1. Replace a with b.
2. Replace b with c.

Then effectively, a becomes c.

But also, if I have multiple letters, I can map them independently.

But the problem is that the operations are global. So, if I replace a with b, then all a's become b's. Then, if I replace b with c, then the original a's (now b's) become c's.

Now, the goal is to have, for each position i, S[i] becomes T[i].

But note: the operations are applied to the entire string. So, the mapping must be consistent.

I think the problem can be modeled as a graph where each node is a letter (from 'a' to 'z'). We have an edge from x to y meaning that x is replaced by y. But note, the operation is from x to y, so we can have multiple edges.

But actually, we can think of the operations as defining a directed graph. The minimum number of operations is related to the number of connected components in the graph? Or maybe the number of edges needed to cover the required transformations.

But let's consider the requirements:

1. For each letter c in S, we must have a chain of operations that leads to the corresponding letter in T.

2. The operations are such that if I map a to b and then b to c, then a becomes c.

3. We cannot break the order of operations arbitrarily because the operations are applied to the entire string.

But actually, the operations can be done in any order, but note that if you change a letter and then change another, the changes are independent if the letters are different. However, if one operation changes a letter that is later used as a source for another operation, then the chain is built.

But the key is: the transformation from one letter to another is defined by the last operation that affects it. So, the entire transformation is the composition of the operations, and the operations are applied in sequence.

Now, the problem is: we need to assign to each letter in S a transformation (a sequence of replacements) that leads to the corresponding letter in T.

But note: the same operation might be used for multiple letters. For example, if two different letters in S need to become the same letter in T, then they can be mapped together with one operation (if they are the same initially) or with two operations (if they are different initially). 

Wait, no: if two different letters in S must become the same letter in T, then we can map both to that letter. But how? 

Actually, if we have two different letters, say x and y, and we want both to become z, then we can do two operations: first replace x with z, then replace y with z. That's two operations. Alternatively, if we do one operation that replaces x with y, then we have to replace y with z, which is two operations as well. 

But wait, if we do one operation that replaces x with y, then we have to replace y with z (so two operations). Alternatively, if we do two separate operations: first x->z and then y->z. 

But wait, what if we do an operation that replaces x with y and then an operation that replaces y with z? Then x becomes y and then y becomes z, so x->z. Similarly, the original y becomes z. So that's two operations.

But if we do two separate operations: replace x with z and replace y with z, then that's two operations as well.

But note: in the first method, the operation replacing x with y changes x to y, and then y to z. The second method: two operations, each replacing one with z.

But the minimal number of operations to map two different letters to a third is two, because each operation can only change one letter.

Now, if we have more than two letters that must all become the same letter, then we can do multiple operations: each operation can map one of the letters to the target, or chain them.

But actually, the minimal number of operations to map a set of letters to a single target is the number of distinct letters in the set minus one (if we chain them). But wait, no: because we can map one letter to the target, then another, etc.

Wait, no. Actually, if I have three letters: a, b, c, and I want to map them all to d, then:

Option 1: 
1. Replace a with d
2. Replace b with d
3. Replace c with d
That's 3 operations.

Option 2:
1. Replace a with b
2. Replace b with d
Then a becomes d (via the chain) and b becomes d. Then I still need to replace c with d. So 3 operations.

Option 3:
1. Replace a with c
2. Replace c with d
Then a becomes d, and c becomes d. Then I still need to replace b with d. Again 3 operations.

So, in general, to map k distinct letters to one target, we need k operations (if we do direct replacements) or k operations if we chain. But actually, if we chain, we can map multiple letters to the same target with fewer operations? 

Wait, no: because each operation only changes one letter. So, to change k distinct letters, we need at least k operations. But wait, that's not true because if we map two letters to a third, then we are effectively merging two letters into one. 

Wait, no: each operation replaces one entire letter (all occurrences) with another. So, if I have two letters, say a and b, and I want to map both to c, then I can do:

1. Replace a with c. Now, the string has no a's, and b's are still there.
2. Replace b with c.

That's two operations. But the number of distinct letters that need to be mapped is two (a and b). So, the number of operations is equal to the number of distinct letters that need to be mapped (excluding the target, if the target is already present). 

Wait, actually, the target might be one of the letters already. 

Let me formalize:

We have a mapping from each letter (that appears in S) to the corresponding letter in T. But note: the same letter in S might map to two different letters in T? Actually, no: because the transformation must be consistent. 

Wait, no. Consider: if in S, we have two different positions with the same letter, then they must both be transformed to the same letter in T. But if in T, two different positions that originally had the same letter are transformed to different letters, then that's impossible. 

So, the first condition is: for each letter c in S, all occurrences of c must be transformed to the same letter in T. 

But wait, actually, no: because the operations are global. So, if in S, we have two different letters that are both transformed to the same letter, that's okay. But if in T, two different letters (from S) are mapped to the same letter, then that's okay. 

Wait, no: the condition is that for each position i, S[i] must become T[i]. 

But if two different letters in S are to become the same letter in T, that's acceptable. However, if two different letters in S are to become two different letters in T, then we must map them separately.

But wait, there's a catch: the mapping must be consistent. 

Actually, the problem can be broken down into two parts:

1. Check consistency: 
   a. For each letter in S, the transformation must be defined consistently. 
   b. Specifically, if two different letters in S are mapped to two different letters in T, then that's okay. But if a letter in S is mapped to a letter in T, then that mapping must be the same for all occurrences of that letter.

But wait, no: the operations are global and the mapping is defined by the operations. 

Actually, the correct approach is to consider the following:

We need to define a function f from the set of letters (that appear in S) to the set of letters (that appear in T) such that for each occurrence of a letter c in S, f(c) must be T[i] for the corresponding i.

But note: the operations allow us to change one letter to another. The minimal number of operations is the minimum number of edges (replacements) needed to set up the entire mapping.

But note: the operations are not limited to the letters that appear in S and T. We can use any two lowercase letters. 

Wait, actually, the operation is: choose two lowercase English letters x and y. So, we can introduce new letters? 

But the goal is to have S become T. So, the final string must consist of the letters that are in T. But during the process, we can use other letters?
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    n = int(data[0])
    S = data[1].strip()
    T = data[2].strip()
    
    # If S is already T, return 0.
    if S == T:
        print(0)
        return
        
    # Build mapping from each character in S to the target in T.
    # But note: the same character in S must map to the same character in T.
    # However, different characters in S can map to the same character in T.
    # But if a character in S maps to two different characters in T, that's impossible.
    # So, first, check for consistency: for each character c in S, the corresponding T[i] for each occurrence of c must be the same.
    # Actually, no: because the operations are global. The mapping is defined by the operations, and the same operation might change multiple letters.

    # Actually, we can think of the problem as: we have a graph where nodes are letters (from 'a' to 'z'). 
    # We need to map each letter c (that appears in S) to a letter d (which is in T) such that for each occurrence of c in S, d is T[i].
    # But note: the mapping must be consistent for all occurrences of c.

    # However, the operations allow us to change one letter to another. The minimal number of operations is the number of edges in the transformation graph.

    # Steps:
    # 1. Check if for each letter c in S, all the T[i] for which S[i] == c are the same. If not, return -1.
    # 2. Build a graph of the required transformations.

    # But note: the operations are not necessarily one-to-one. We can have multiple letters mapping to the same letter.

    # Actually, we can model the problem as: we have a set of letters (from S and T). We need to define a mapping from the letters in S to the letters in T such that the mapping is consistent (i.e., if a letter c in S is mapped to d in T, then every occurrence of c must be mapped to d).

    # Then, the problem reduces to: what is the minimum number of operations (each operation is an edge from x to y) to achieve the mapping.

    # But note: the operations are global and can be chained. So, the minimal number of operations is the number of edges in a minimum spanning tree of the mapping graph? Or the number of edges needed to cover all the mappings.

    # Alternatively, we can think in terms of connected components.

    # Let me define a graph where:
    #   - Nodes are the letters that appear in S and T.
    #   - We have an edge from c to d if c must be mapped to d (i.e., for some i, S[i] = c and T[i] = d).
    #   - But note: multiple edges from the same node c to different nodes d would be invalid (unless they are the same d). So, first, we must check that for each c, there is only one d.

    # Actually, the first step is to check consistency: for each letter c in S, all the T[i] for which S[i] == c must be the same. Let's call that d. Then, we have a mapping from c to d.

    # Now, we have a set of mappings: from each letter c (in S) to a letter d (in T). But note: the mapping must be defined for all letters that appear in S.

    # Now, the operations are: we can change one letter to another. The goal is to have all letters in S transformed to their corresponding T letters.

    # The minimal number of operations is the number of edges in a graph that connects all the letters in S to their T counterparts, but with the possibility of chaining.

    # Actually, we can consider the following: 
    #   We have a directed graph where an edge from c to d means that c is mapped to d (directly). But we can also have chains: c -> e -> d, which is two operations.

    # The minimal number of operations is the number of edges in a minimum spanning tree for the mapping? Or the number of edges needed to cover all the mappings.

    # But note: we can also use intermediate letters. 

    # Actually, the problem is similar to finding the minimum number of edges to connect a set of nodes (the letters) with the constraint that we can only add edges (operations) that are from one letter to another, and the goal is to have a path from each letter c to its target d.

    # But note: the operations are not directed in the sense of graph edges? Actually, each