=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Mr. Ball and Mr. Box will play a game with balls and boxes.
Initially, Mr. Ball has 10^{100} balls of each of M different types, and Mr. Box has 10^{100} yen.
There are N boxes, where the i-th box has capacity V_i and costs P_i yen. During the game, Mr. Box can buy any box at any time.
In this game, the following operations are repeated until the game ends:

- Mr. Ball chooses one ball and gives it to Mr. Box.
- Mr. Box either accepts the ball or ends the game without accepting it.
- If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it.
- If the box with the ball satisfies the following conditions, Mr. Box receives 1 yen. Otherwise, the game ends.
- The number of balls in the box does not exceed its capacity.
- All balls in the box are of the same type.



Mr. Ball will play optimally to minimize Mr. Box's final money, while Mr. Box will play optimally to maximize it.
How much will Mr. Box's money increase throughout the game?
Here, both players have access to all information. In particular, Mr. Ball can see the capacity, price, and contents (type and number of balls) of each box.
Also, note that Mr. Box's initial money is large enough that he will never run out of money to buy boxes.
Solve T test cases for each input file.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format, where \mathrm{case}_i represents the i-th test case:
T
\mathrm{case}_1
\mathrm{case}_2
\vdots
\mathrm{case}_T

Each test case is given in the following format:
N M
V_1 P_1
V_2 P_2
\vdots
V_N P_N

Output

Print the difference between Mr. Box's final and initial money when both players play optimally.

Constraints


- 1\le T,N,M\le 3\times 10^5
- 1\le V_i,P_i \le 10^9
- The sum of N over the T test cases is at most 3\times 10^5.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3
3 2
1 1000000000
3 1
3 1
1 300000
1000000000 1
10 4
22 5
26 45
72 21
47 39
97 2
75 35
82 24
17 46
32 22
28 67

Sample Output 1

2
0
28

In the first test case, there are two types of balls and three boxes.
Let us call the two types of balls white and black balls, and call the i-th box box i.
Here is an example of how the game could proceed where the money increases by 2 yen.

- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 2 for 1 yen, and puts the white ball in it.
- Box 2 contains 1 white ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 2 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a black ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 3 for 1 yen, and puts the black ball in it.
- Box 3 contains 1 black ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 3 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box chooses to end the game without accepting it.

Finally, box 2 contains 3 white balls and box 3 contains 1 black ball.
Mr. Box spent 2 yen and received 4 yen, so his money increased by 2 yen.
In the second test case, Mr. Ball can play in a way that prevents Mr. Box from earning any money.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me read and understand the problem statement first.

Mr. Ball has 10^100 balls of each of M different types, and Mr. Box starts with 10^100 yen. There are N boxes, each with a capacity V_i and a price P_i. The game proceeds in turns where Mr. Ball gives a ball to Mr. Box, who can either accept it and put it into a purchased box or end the game. If accepted, then if the box has the same type of balls and hasn't exceeded capacity, Mr. Box gets 1 yen. 

The goal is to find the difference between Mr. Box's final money and initial money, considering both players play optimally: Mr. Ball to minimize Mr. Box's gain, and Mr. Box to maximize it.

Constraints: T, N, M up to 300,000, and the total sum of N over test cases is 300,000. So, we need an efficient solution.

First, let me break down the problem.

Mr. Box can buy boxes, and each box has a capacity and a price. The game can end at any time. The key is that Mr. Box earns 1 yen per accepted ball that satisfies the conditions (same type and not exceeding capacity). 

But note: Mr. Ball has an infinite supply of each type. So, the game can go on forever in theory, but Mr. Box can choose to end it. However, Mr. Ball can also force the game to end by giving a ball that doesn't fit any existing box or by forcing Mr. Box to not want to continue.

Wait, actually, the problem says that Mr. Box can buy any box at any time. So, when a ball is accepted, Mr. Box chooses one of his purchased boxes to put the ball in. He can buy a box only when he accepts a ball? Or can he buy boxes independently? Actually, the operation sequence is:

1. Mr. Ball gives a ball.
2. Mr. Box either accepts or ends the game.
3. If accepted, Mr. Box buys a box (if necessary) and puts the ball in it? Or does he have to have already bought the box? Wait, the problem says: "If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it." So, the box must be purchased already. 

Wait, that changes things. So, Mr. Box cannot buy a box during the same turn that he accepts the ball? Then how did the sample work? In the sample, on the first turn, Mr. Box accepts the ball and buys box 2. So, is the purchase allowed during the same turn? The problem says: "During the game, the following operations are repeated until the game ends:"

Then step 2: Mr. Box either accepts or ends the game. Then step 3: if accepted, he chooses one of his purchased boxes. But then step 4: conditions. 

Wait, the sample says: 
- First: Mr. Ball gives white. Mr. Box accepts, buys box 2 (for 1 yen), and then puts the ball. Then condition holds, so he gets 1 yen.

But according to the steps, step 3 says: "he chooses one of his purchased boxes". But he just bought it, so it's purchased. So, the purchase is allowed during the same turn? Or is the purchase part of step 3?

Looking at the problem statement: 
- Step 3: "If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it."

But the sample says he buys box 2 and then puts the ball. So, the purchase must be allowed at the same time as accepting. 

Wait, the problem says: "Mr. Box can buy any box at any time." and the operations are:

1. Mr. Ball gives a ball.
2. Mr. Box either accepts or ends the game.
3. If accepted, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball.

But step 3 doesn't mention buying a box. Then how did he buy box 2 in the sample? 

Wait, perhaps the purchase is done before the putting? Or the problem's sample description is a bit loose. Actually, the problem says: "During the game, the following operations are repeated until the game ends:"

Then step 2: "Mr. Box either accepts the ball or ends the game without accepting it."

Then step 3: "If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it."

But then step 4: "If the box with the ball satisfies the following conditions, Mr. Box receives 1 yen."

Wait, so the purchase must have been done already. Then how did the sample work? 

In the sample, the first box is bought for 1 yen. So, that purchase must be done during the same turn. 

Actually, the problem statement might have been a bit ambiguous. But looking at the sample, it's clear that when a box is bought, it's during the same turn as accepting the ball. 

So, I think the intended meaning is: when Mr. Box accepts the ball, he can then buy a box (if he doesn't have it) and then put the ball in it. But the problem statement doesn't explicitly say that. 

Alternatively, the purchase is allowed as part of the accepting step. 

But in the problem statement, step 3 says: "If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it." 

This implies that the box must be already purchased. But in the sample, the box wasn't. 

Wait, perhaps the problem intended that Mr. Box can buy a box when he accepts the ball, but the problem statement is missing that part. 

Let me re-read the problem statement: "Mr. Box can buy any box at any time." and the operations are as above. 

But in the operation steps, step 2 is "accepts" and then step 3 is "chooses one of his purchased boxes". So, the purchase must have been done before step 3. 

But then the sample would not work. 

Alternatively, the problem statement might have intended that the purchase is allowed during the accepting step. 

Given the sample, I think we must assume that when Mr. Box accepts the ball, he can also buy a box (if he doesn't have one) and then put the ball in it. 

So, the correct interpretation is: 
- When Mr. Box accepts the ball, he can either use an already purchased box or buy a new box (and then put the ball in it). 

This is a crucial point. 

Now, the game proceeds with Mr. Box buying boxes as needed. 

Now, the goal is to compute the net change in Mr. Box's money (initial 10^100 yen, and final amount). 

Mr. Ball wants to minimize the net gain (i.e., maximize the loss, but since Mr. Box starts with a huge amount, minimizing the net gain is equivalent to minimizing the total yen received minus the total yen spent). 

Mr. Box wants to maximize the net gain (which is: total yen received from balls - total yen spent on boxes).

But note: Mr. Box's initial money is 10^100, which is huge, so he can buy boxes without worrying about running out of money. But the net change is (total received) - (total spent). 

So, the problem reduces to: what is the maximum net gain (total received - total spent) that Mr. Box can achieve, assuming Mr. Ball tries to minimize that? 

But wait, Mr. Ball chooses the ball type. He can choose any type. 

Now, think from Mr. Box's perspective: He wants to maximize the net gain. He can buy boxes, and then when a ball is given, if he accepts, he can put it in a box (if the box is available and the conditions are met). 

But Mr. Ball will choose a ball type that is either already in a box (so that if Mr. Box accepts, then the condition is met) or a new type (which forces Mr. Box to either buy a new box or not accept). 

Wait, if Mr. Ball chooses a new type, then Mr. Box must either buy a box for that type and then put the ball (so he spends P_i and then gets 1 yen) or he can choose not to accept (and then no cost and no gain). 

But Mr. Box wants to maximize net gain, so he would accept and buy a box for a new type if the net gain from that ball (1 yen) minus the cost of the box (P_i) is positive? Or if the box is cheap enough, he might be willing to use it for multiple balls.

But note: the same box can be used for multiple balls of the same type, as long as the capacity is not exceeded. 

So, for a given box (V, P), if Mr. Box uses it for a type, then the maximum number of balls he can store is V. Each ball gives 1 yen, but the box cost is P. So, the net gain from using that box for that type is: (number of balls stored) * 1 - P. 

But the number of balls stored is the number of times Mr. Ball gives that type until the box is full. 

But Mr. Ball can choose to stop giving that type when the box is full. 

Wait, actually, Mr. Ball can choose any type at any time. So, for a given box, if Mr. Box has bought it, then Mr. Ball can choose to give that type as long as the box has space. 

But Mr. Ball's goal is to minimize Mr. Box's net gain. So, he will choose the type that causes the least benefit to Mr. Box. 

Alternatively, we can think of the game as: 

Mr. Box wants to set up a system of boxes for the M types. He can buy boxes. Each box has a capacity and a price. For each type, if Mr. Box buys one or more boxes, then he can store up to the sum of capacities of the boxes for that type (but note: the condition requires that all balls in a box are of the same type, so a box can only be used for one type). 

Actually, each box is used for one type. 

But Mr. Box can use multiple boxes for the same type. For example, if a type requires 100 balls, and a box has capacity 50, then he can use two boxes for that type. 

But note: the problem says that when a ball is accepted, Mr. Box chooses one of his purchased boxes. So, he can distribute the balls of a given type across multiple boxes. 

But then the condition for each box is: the number of balls in the box does not exceed capacity and all balls in the box are of the same type. 

So, for a given type, Mr. Box can use multiple boxes, each with capacity V, to store up to (V * number_of_boxes) balls. 

But the cost is the sum of the prices of the boxes.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
import math

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    t = int(data[0])
    index = 1
    results = []
    
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(data[index]); m = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
        boxes = []
        for i in range(n):
            v = int(data[index]); p = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
            boxes.append((v, p))
            
        # We are to compute the maximum net gain (total received - total spent) that Mr. Box can achieve, 
        # but Mr. Ball will choose the ball type to minimize that. However, note that Mr. Box can choose which box to use for a given type.
        # Actually, the problem is equivalent to: Mr. Box wants to assign boxes to types (each box can be assigned to at most one type) and then the net gain for a type is (number of balls stored) * 1 - (cost of boxes assigned to that type). 
        # But the number of balls stored for a type is the total capacity of the boxes assigned to that type. However, Mr. Ball can choose to stop giving a type at any time. But since Mr. Ball has infinite balls, the game can go on until Mr. Box decides to stop or until a box is full. But Mr. Box can always continue to accept as long as there is space in some box for the type that Mr. Ball chooses. 

        # Actually, the optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to use the boxes to store as many balls as possible (to get more yen) but the cost is the price of the boxes. 

        # However, Mr. Ball can choose the type. So, for Mr. Box, he must ensure that for every type, if he wants to store balls of that type, he must have bought boxes for that type. 

        # But note: Mr. Box can buy boxes for a type only when a ball of that type is given and he accepts. 

        # The key observation: The game is equivalent to Mr. Box buying a set of boxes (each box has a capacity and a price) and then the total received is the sum of the capacities of the boxes (because each box can store up to its capacity, and Mr. Ball will give balls until the box is full, and then Mr. Box can use another box for that type). 

        # However, Mr. Ball can choose the order of types. He will try to minimize the net gain. 

        # But note: Mr. Box can choose which box to use for a given type. 

        # Actually, the problem can be reduced to: Mr. Box wants to select a set of boxes (each box can be used for one type) such that the total capacity (which is the total number of balls that can be stored) minus the total cost is maximized. But wait, the total capacity is the sum of the capacities of the boxes, and the total cost is the sum of the prices. 

        # However, there are M types. Mr. Box must assign boxes to types. But he can assign multiple boxes to the same type. 

        # But note: the condition for a box is that all balls in it are of the same type. So, a box can only be used for one type. 

        # So, the problem becomes: We have N boxes (each with capacity V_i and price P_i). We can assign each box to at most one type. We have M types. We want to maximize the total capacity (sum of V_i for all boxes used) minus the total price (sum of P_i for all boxes used). 

        # But wait, is that correct? 

        # Actually, Mr. Box can use a box for one type only. And the total number of balls stored is the sum of the capacities of the boxes assigned to each type. 

        # However, Mr. Ball can choose the order. He will try to force Mr. Box to not get as much as possible. 

        # But note: Mr. Box can always accept a ball and put it in a box (if he has bought it) and get 1 yen. The only way to prevent getting 1 yen is to either not accept the ball (end the game) or to not have a box for that type (then the condition fails). 

        # However, Mr. Box can choose to buy boxes as needed. 

        # The optimal strategy for Mr. Box is to buy a set of boxes that maximizes (total capacity - total cost). Then, the net gain is (total capacity) - (total cost). 

        # But wait, is that the case? 

        # Consider: Mr. Box buys a set of boxes. Then, for each type, he can store up to the total capacity of the boxes assigned