=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a simple connected undirected graph with N vertices and M edges, where the vertices are numbered 1 to N and the edges are numbered 1 to M. Edge i connects vertex u_i and vertex v_i in both directions.
Initially, there is a piece A on vertex S and a piece B on vertex T. Here, S and T are given as input.
You may perform the following operation any number of times in any order:

- Choose either piece A or piece B, and move it from its current vertex to an adjacent vertex via an edge. However, you cannot make a move that results in both pieces ending up on the same vertex.

Your goal is to reach the state in which piece A is on vertex T and piece B is on vertex S.
Determine whether this is possible, and if it is, find the minimum number of operations required to achieve it.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M S T
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_M v_M

Output

If it is impossible to achieve the goal, print -1.
If it is possible, print the minimum number of operations required.

Constraints


- 2 \le N \le 2\times 10^5
- \displaystyle N-1 \le M \le \min\left(\frac{N(N-1)}{2},\,2\times 10^5\right)
- 1 \le u_i < v_i \le N
- The given graph is simple and connected.
- 1 \le S, T \le N
- S \neq T
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 4 3 4
2 4
1 4
3 4
2 3

Sample Output 1

3

For example, the following sequence of operations completes the goal in three moves:

- Move piece A to vertex 2.
- Piece A is on vertex 2, piece B is on vertex 4.


- Move piece B to vertex 3.
- Piece A is on vertex 2, piece B is on vertex 3.


- Move piece A to vertex 4.
- Piece A is on vertex 4, piece B is on vertex 3.



It is impossible to complete the goal in fewer than three moves, so print 3.

Sample Input 2

2 1 1 2
1 2

Sample Output 2

-1

No matter how you move the pieces, you cannot achieve the goal.

Sample Input 3

5 6 3 5
1 2
2 3
1 5
2 4
1 3
2 5

Sample Output 3

4

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have this problem about moving two pieces on a graph. Let me try to break it down.

First, the graph is connected and undirected, with N vertices and M edges. We start with piece A on vertex S and piece B on vertex T. The goal is to have piece A on T and piece B on S. We can move either piece to an adjacent vertex, but we can't have both pieces on the same vertex at any time.

The key points are:
- The moves can be done in any order, and we can choose which piece to move each time.
- We need the minimum number of operations (moves) to achieve the goal.

I remember that problems like this often involve BFS or Dijkstra because we're looking for the shortest path. But here, we have two pieces, so the state space is the positions of both pieces. That means each state is a pair (a, b) where a is the position of A and b is the position of B. However, we have the constraint that a != b.

So, the initial state is (S, T) and the goal is (T, S). 

But the state space is N*N, which for N up to 200,000 is 40 billion states. That's too many to explore with a naive BFS. So I need a smarter way.

Wait, maybe I can think in terms of the distance between the two pieces. Alternatively, consider that we are effectively swapping the two pieces. 

One idea is to consider the graph and the distances between the two pieces. But note that the moves can be interleaved arbitrarily.

Alternatively, think of the problem as having two tokens (A and B) on the graph, and we want to swap their positions. The moves are: move one token to an adjacent vertex (without having both tokens on the same vertex).

This is similar to the problem of two ants on a graph swapping positions. 

I recall that in some problems, we can model the state as the distance from each piece to the target. But here, the two pieces are moving independently, with the constraint that they don't occupy the same vertex.

Wait, actually, note that the goal is to have A at T and B at S. So, if we think of the two pieces moving, we can consider two separate paths: one from S to T for A, and one from T to S for B. But the constraint is that at no time do the two pieces share a vertex.

But actually, the moves are interleaved, so we might move A and B in any order. 

Wait, actually, the problem is similar to the "two jugs" problem or the "ants on a graph" problem. 

Another thought: the minimum number of moves must be at least the minimum of the distances from S to T (for A to go from S to T) and from T to S (for B to go from T to S). But that's the same as the distance from S to T because the graph is undirected. However, we cannot have both pieces on the same vertex, so if we move A from S to T, we have to avoid stepping on B's path? Or if we move both, we have to avoid collisions.

Wait, actually, the problem is symmetric. The minimal number of moves might be the sum of the two distances, but that doesn't account for the constraint. For example, in the sample input 1: 
Graph: 4 vertices, edges: (2,4), (1,4), (3,4), (2,3). S=3, T=4.

The solution was 3 moves. 

Let me compute the distances from S=3 to T=4: 
From 3, we can go to 2 and 4. So the direct edge from 3 to 4 is present? Wait, the input says edges: 2-4, 1-4, 3-4, 2-3. So yes, 3-4 is an edge. So the distance from 3 to 4 is 1. Similarly, from 4 to 3 is 1. So if we just move A from 3 to 4, that's one move, but then we cannot move B from 4 to 3 because that would put both at 4 and 3? Wait, no: after moving A to 4, then B is on 4? Wait, no: initially, A is on 3 and B is on 4. Then we move A to 4: now both are on 4? That is not allowed. So we cannot move A directly to 4. 

So the sample solution was:

1. Move A to 2 (from 3 to 2). Now A is at 2, B at 4.
2. Move B to 3 (from 4 to 3). Now A is at 2, B at 3.
3. Move A to 4 (from 2 to 4). Now A is at 4, B at 3.

So, the idea is to use intermediate nodes.

So, the minimal steps are 3. 

What is 3 in terms of the graph? The distance from S to T is 1, but we cannot use that directly because of the constraint. 

Alternatively, consider that the two pieces must traverse a path that doesn't collide. 

Wait, we can think of the problem as: we want to swap two pieces. The minimal steps might be the minimal steps such that the two pieces meet the condition. 

Another idea: consider that the two pieces must each travel from their starting position to the target of the other. The total distance traveled by both pieces is the sum of the two distances. But because we can interleave the moves, the total moves is the sum of the two distances, but we must avoid having them meet.

But the example: 
- A must go from 3 to 4: distance 1 (if we use the direct edge) but we cannot use that because then we would have a conflict. So we use a two-step path for A: 3->2->4 (distance 2). 
- B must go from 4 to 3: we use 4->3 (distance 1). 

But wait, the total moves are 3, which is 2 (for A) + 1 (for B) but interleaved. Actually, the moves are:

Move A: 3->2 (step 1)
Move B: 4->3 (step 2)
Move A: 2->4 (step 3)

So the total number of moves is the sum of the individual distances, but each piece's distance is the length of the path it takes. However, the two paths might interfere. 

Wait, actually, the problem is similar to the "minimum number of moves to swap two tokens" on a graph. 

I recall that in some problems, we can model the state as (a, b) and use BFS. But with N up to 200,000, we cannot store all (a, b) states.

We need a more efficient method.

Let me think about the goal: we want to swap the two pieces. The minimal number of moves must be at least the minimal distance from S to T (if we could move both without conflict, but we can't). 

Alternatively, consider that the two pieces must meet the condition by having one piece move away from the target so that the other can move in. 

Wait, we can consider two types of solutions:

1. The two pieces meet and then swap. But actually, they don't meet, they just avoid being on the same vertex.

But note, the goal is to have A at T and B at S. 

We can consider that the entire process is equivalent to two independent paths from S to T for A and from T to S for B, but the two paths must not share any vertex (except that the paths might be in different orders and the graph is undirected, so the moves are interleaved).

Wait, no, the vertices are the same. So if we have two paths: one for A from S to T and one for B from T to S, then the two paths must not have any common vertex? Or can they share vertices at different times?

Actually, no, because if at any time two pieces are on the same vertex, that's not allowed. So the two paths (the sequence of vertices for A and for B) must not have any vertex in common at the same time step. But since the moves are interleaved, we can have A and B on a vertex at different times, but not at the same time.

Wait, but if the two paths (the entire trajectories) share a vertex, that's okay as long as they don't occupy the same vertex at the same time.

But that complicates the state space because we have to track the entire history? No, because the state is just the current positions.

But the state space is still (N*N) which is too big.

Alternative approach:

We can consider that the minimal number of moves is the minimal k such that there exists two paths for A and B, each of length at least d1 and d2, but actually, the total moves is the sum of the two path lengths, but we can interleave arbitrarily. However, the constraint is that at no step the two pieces are at the same vertex.

But the problem is that the two pieces might block each other.


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    n = int(next(it)); m = int(next(it)); s = int(next(it)); t = int(next(it))
    graph = [[] for _ in range(n+1)]
    for _ in range(m):
        u = int(next(it)); v = int(next(it))
        graph[u].append(v)
        graph[v].append(u)
    
    # We'll compute the shortest path from S to T and from T to S (same) and also from S to S (for B) and T to T (for A) but wait, no.

    # Actually, we need to compute the shortest path from S to T (for A) and from T to S (for B). But also, we need to consider that the two pieces might take different paths.

    # However, note that the minimal number of moves is the sum of the two distances if we can avoid collisions. But sometimes we cannot use the direct path because of the constraint.

    # But wait, the problem is symmetric. The minimal number of moves is the minimal k such that there exists two paths (one for A from S to T and one for B from T to S) and the two paths do not share any vertex at the same time. But the state space is too big.

    # Another idea: consider that the two pieces must swap. The minimal number of moves is the minimal k such that there exists a sequence of k moves (each move is one piece moving one step) and the two pieces end up swapped.

    # We can use a BFS that considers the state (a, b) but that's too expensive.

    # Alternatively, we can use a two-layered graph or consider the following:

    # Let d1 = shortest distance from S to T (for A)
    # Let d2 = shortest distance from T to S (for B) — same as d1.

    # But the direct move is blocked because if we move A from S to T in d1 steps, then during the move, B is at T and we cannot have A and B on the same vertex. Similarly, if we move B from T to S, then during the move, A is at S and we cannot have B and A on the same vertex.

    # So we need to use longer paths.

    # Actually, the problem is similar to the "two ants" problem. 

    # We can consider that the two pieces must each travel from their start to the target. The minimal total moves is the sum of the two distances, but we must avoid having them on the same vertex at the same time.

    # But note, we can interleave the moves. So the two pieces can move independently, but their positions must never coincide.

    # We can model this as a graph where each node is (a, b) and edges are moving one piece to an adjacent vertex (if the new state is not (a, b) with a==b). But the state space is too big.

    # We need to find a better way.

    # Observation: the goal is to swap the two pieces. The minimal number of moves must be at least the distance from S to T (for A) and the distance from T to S (for B). But because of the constraint, we might need to take detours.

    # Another idea: consider the graph and the two pieces. The minimal number of moves is the minimal k such that there exists a path for A from S to T of length k1 and a path for B from T to S of length k2, and the two paths (the sequences of vertices) do not have any vertex in common at the same time step. But the time steps are interleaved arbitrarily.

    # Actually, the problem is equivalent to: we have two tokens, and we want to swap them. The minimal number of moves is the minimal k such that there exists two paths (for A and B) that are vertex-disjoint at every step (but the steps are interleaved, so the two paths can share vertices as long as they are not at the same step). 

    # But note, the graph is static. We can precompute the shortest path from S to T and from T to S (which are the same). 

    # However, the minimal number of moves might be the sum of the two distances if the two paths do not conflict. But if they do, we need to find alternative paths.

    # Alternatively, we can consider that the two pieces must meet the condition by having one piece move away from the target so that the other can enter. 

    # Let me define:
    # Let d1 = shortest distance from S to T (for A)
    # Let d2 = shortest distance from T to S (for B)

    # But the direct move is blocked. So we need to use a