=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string S of length N and a string T of length M, both consisting of digits from 1 to 9.
You will perform the following operation for k=1,2,\ldots,M in order:

- Choose an integer i such that 1 \le i \le N. Then, replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T.

Find the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
S
T

Output

Print the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Constraints


- 1 \le N,M \le 10^6
- N and M are integers.
- S is a string of length N consisting of digits from 1 through 9.
- T is a string of length M consisting of digits from 1 through 9.

Sample Input 1

3 3
191
325

Sample Output 1

593

The following sequence of operations is optimal:

- For k=1: Choose i=3. Then, S = 193.
- For k=2: Choose i=1. Then, S = 293.
- For k=3: Choose i=1. Then, S = 593.

In this case, the value of S interpreted as an integer is 593, which is the maximum.

Sample Input 2

3 9
191
998244353

Sample Output 2

993

Sample Input 3

11 13
31415926535
2718281828459

Sample Output 3

98888976555

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

 Okay, we are given two strings: S (length N) and T (length M). We perform M operations. In the k-th operation (for k from 1 to M), we choose an index i and replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T.

We want to maximize the resulting string interpreted as an integer.

Observation:
The operations are performed in order, and we can choose any index at each operation. However, note that once an index is overwritten, the previous value at that index is lost.

We have M operations (each operation uses a digit from T) and we have N positions. Each operation must assign one digit from T (in order) to one of the positions. But note: we can assign the same position multiple times, and the last operation that writes to a position is the one that counts.

Since we are allowed to choose any index at each operation, we can plan the entire process. The key is that we have to use the digits from T in order, but we can assign them arbitrarily to the N positions (with the constraint that each operation uses the next digit in T).

We are allowed to overwrite any position as many times as we want, but only the last write to a position matters.

We need to assign each of the M digits (from T) to one of the N positions. However, note that we have only M operations, and each operation must assign a digit to one of the positions. But the catch: the operations are sequential and the k-th operation must use the k-th digit of T.

But note: we are allowed to assign the same position multiple times. However, the goal is to form the largest integer.

How to think:

The integer value is determined by the digits from left to right. We want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible, then the next, etc.

We have M digits from T, but we are only going to use each digit once (each operation uses one). But note: we have N positions and M operations. We can use an operation to update a position that we haven't updated before, or we can update a position that we've updated before (which would overwrite the previous value).

However, note that we have to use all M digits from T (each operation must assign the k-th digit of T). But we are allowed to assign the same position multiple times. Therefore, the resulting string will have:

- Some positions will be set by one of the operations (the last operation that writes to that position) and some positions might never be written? Actually, we must use all M operations, but we can assign them arbitrarily. However, the original S might have some digits that we never overwrite? Actually, we must perform M operations, and each operation writes to one of the N positions. So we are going to write M digits (from T) to the string S. But note: if we write to a position multiple times, then the last write is the one that counts.

But we are allowed to choose the same index multiple times. So we can choose to update a subset of positions (possibly less than N) and update the same one multiple times, but the last update to a position is the one that counts.

However, the problem says: we perform M operations, and in each operation we choose an index i (from 1 to N) and replace the i-th character with the k-th character of T.

We must use all M digits from T. But note: we can update the same position multiple times. Therefore, the final string will have exactly N characters. The characters that are never written by any operation remain the original ones? Actually, no: because we must perform M operations, and each operation writes to one of the N positions. But if we don't write to a position, then the original digit remains? 

Wait, the problem says: "replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T". So if we never choose a position, then that position remains as the original S.

But note: we have to use all M operations. We can use any of the N positions for each operation. Therefore, we are going to write M digits (from T) to the string, but if M > N, then we will have to write to some positions multiple times (and the last write to a position is the one that counts). And if M < N, then we will leave some positions as the original S.

But wait, the problem says: we perform the operation for k=1,2,...,M. So we have M operations. We must choose an index for each operation.

So the final string is built as follows:
- We start with S.
- Then, for each operation k (from 1 to M) we choose an index i and set S[i-1] = T[k-1] (if we consider 0-indexing).

Therefore, the final string is determined by the last operation that writes to each position.

We have M operations and N positions. We can assign each operation to any position. The catch: we want to maximize the integer value.

The integer value is determined by the digits from left to right. We want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible.

Idea:

We can decide for each position the last time (operation index) at which it is written. The digit that ends up at that position is the one from T at the operation index (k) that is the last one assigned to that position.

But note: we have to assign the digits from T in order. However, we can choose the order of operations arbitrarily (each operation uses the next digit from T, but we can assign the digits to positions arbitrarily).

Actually, we are forced to use the digits of T in order. But we can assign the digits arbitrarily to the positions (each operation we choose a position). The only constraint is that the k-th operation must use the k-th digit of T.

We are free to choose which position to update at each operation.

We want to maximize the integer value. We can think greedily:

We have M digits from T. We can use each digit to update a position, and if we update the same position again, then the previous update (if any) is lost.

We have two types of positions:
1. Positions that we update at least once (and the last update is the one that counts).
2. Positions that we never update (so they remain the original digit).

But note: we must use all M operations. So if we update a position multiple times, then we are effectively "wasting" operations (because we could have updated a different position) but sometimes we might want to update a position multiple times to set it to a larger digit later? 

Actually, we can only set a position to one digit (the last operation that writes to it). So we have M digits and we can assign them to the N positions arbitrarily (each operation we assign one digit to one position, and if a position is assigned multiple times, the last assignment is the one that counts). 

But note: we are forced to use the digits in the order of T. However, we can assign the same digit (from T) to multiple positions? Actually, no: each operation uses the next digit from T. But we can assign the same digit (same k) to multiple positions? Actually, no: because each operation is independent and we choose one position per operation. But the same digit (from T) can be assigned to multiple positions if we use multiple operations (each operation uses a distinct k, but the same k-th digit is the same as the k-th digit of T).

Wait, note: T is fixed and the k-th operation uses the k-th digit of T. So we have M distinct operations, each with a fixed digit (the k-th digit). We can assign the same digit (from T) to multiple positions if we use multiple operations (but note: the same digit in T can appear multiple times). 

But the key is: we have M operations and we can assign the operations arbitrarily to the N positions. The assignment is: we choose for each operation (from k=0 to M-1) a position i, and then the digit T[k] is written to that position.

We want the final string to be as large as possible.

How to maximize?

We want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible. Then the next, etc.

We have a multiset of digits (from T) that we are forced to use. But note: we are forced to use each digit in T in order, but we can assign them arbitrarily to the positions.

Actually, we can choose which position to update at each operation arbitrarily. So we are effectively assigning the M digits (from T) to the N positions (each operation assigns one digit to one position, and if a position is assigned multiple times, then only the last assignment counts).

But note: we have M operations and N positions. We can use the same position multiple times. The catch: the operations are sequential, and the digits are from T in order.

We can think of it as: we have a set of M digits (the string T). We are going to assign each digit to one of the N positions, and for each position, we keep the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index, i.e., the last operation that wrote to that position).

But note: we must assign each operation (each digit) to a position. So we have to assign M digits to the N positions, and we can assign more than one digit to a position, but then the last one (the one with the highest operation index) is the one that counts.

We can also leave a position with its original digit if we never assign a digit to it.

So the problem reduces to:

We have a multiset of M digits (from T) and an original string S (length N). We are going to assign each digit in T to one of the N positions (each assignment is to a position, and we can assign multiple digits to the same position). The final value of a position is:
  - the last assigned digit (by the operation with the highest index) if it was assigned at least once, 
  - the original digit if it was never assigned.

We want to maximize the integer value of the string.

We can choose the assignment arbitrarily (the operations are independent and we can choose the order of writing to positions arbitrarily).

But note: the operations are sequential. However, since we can choose the same position multiple times, the order of writing to a particular position does not matter (the last one counts). But the catch: the digits are fixed in order (the k-th operation uses the k-th digit of T). However, we can assign the operations arbitrarily to positions, so we can choose the order of writing to a position arbitrarily (because we can choose to update that position at any operation). But note: if we update a position at operation k, then we can only update it again at a later operation (with a higher index). But the digit we assign at operation k is fixed (the k-th digit of T). 

But note: we are forced to use the digits in order. However, we can assign the digits arbitrarily to the positions. The key is: we have M digits (from T) and we can assign them arbitrarily to the N positions (each operation we choose a position, and the digit is the k-th one). Then, for each position, we take the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index) and if there are multiple, then we take the last one (the one with the largest k).

But note: the same digit (from T) might appear multiple times, so we have multiple copies of digits.

However, we are not forced to assign the digits in increasing or decreasing order of value to positions. We can assign a large digit to a left position and a small digit to a right position, but if we assign a large digit to a right position and then later assign a small digit, then the small digit will be at that position.

But we can choose the assignment arbitrarily (the operations are independent). Therefore, we can decide the order in which we assign the digits to the positions arbitrarily, as long as the operation index (k) is increasing (because we must use the digits in order). However, the operation index is fixed: the k-th operation must use the k-th digit of T.

Actually, we cannot change the order of the digits: the first operation must use T[0], the second T[1], etc. But we can choose the positions arbitrarily.

So the problem is: we have M digits (T[0] to T[M-1]), and we can assign each digit to one of the N positions. Then, for each position, we take the last assigned digit (i.e., the digit from the highest index operation that was assigned to that position). We want to maximize the integer formed by the N digits (from left to right).

How to solve?

We can think of the following:

We have M operations and N positions. We can assign the operations arbitrarily to positions. The final digit at a position is the digit from the last operation that was assigned to that position.

We can also leave a position unassigned (then it remains the original S digit) or assign it one or more times.

We want to maximize the integer. The integer is determined by the digits from left to right.

We can consider:

1. We have to use all M digits (each operation must assign a digit to a position). So we are going to write M digits (from T) to the N positions, and each position can be written at most M times (but only the last write counts).

2. The catch: the digits are fixed in order (we have to use T[0] first, then T[1], etc.). But we can assign the same digit to multiple positions.

But note: we are free to assign the operations arbitrarily to positions. Therefore, we can choose which operation writes to which position.

The goal: maximize the integer.

We can use a greedy strategy:

We want to assign the largest digits (from T) to the leftmost positions. But note: we are forced to use the digits in order (the k-th operation must use T[k]). However, we can assign the same digit to multiple positions.

But note: the same digit (from T) might be large, but we might have to use it at an operation index that is too late to assign it to a left position? Actually, no: we can assign the same digit to multiple positions. However, if we assign a large digit from T to a left position, then if we later assign a larger digit (from a later operation) to the same left position, then the left position will have the larger digit. But wait: we have to use the digits in order. So the digit from T[k] is fixed and we cannot use a digit from T[k+1] before T[k].

But note: we can assign T[k] to any position. Then, we can assign a later operation (with a larger k) to the same position and overwrite the previous digit.

Therefore, the process:

We have M operations. We can assign the digits from T (in order) to the N positions arbitrarily. Then, for each position, the digit is the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index).

We can also consider: we are going to assign the M digits (from T) to the N positions, and we can assign a digit from T to a position only once (if we assign multiple, the last one counts). But note: we must use all M digits.

This is similar to: we have a multiset of M digits (the T string) and we want to form a string of length N (each character being either the original or one of the digits from T) such that the assignment of the M digits (each used exactly once) to the positions (possibly overwriting) is done in a way that the final string is maximized.

But note: the assignment must be done in order (the operations are sequential). However, the order of assignment does not matter for the final digit at a position (only the last assignment counts). Therefore, we can think of it as:

We are going to assign each digit from T to one of the N positions (each operation we choose a position). Then, for each position, we take the digit from the last operation that was assigned to it.

But note: we can also not assign a digit to a position, but then we must use that digit for another position? Actually, we must assign each operation (each digit) to a position.

So we are forced to assign all M digits.

Now, the problem is: assign M digits (each from T, and we use each operation's digit) to the N positions (each operation we choose one position) so that the resulting string (with the last assigned digit for each position) is maximized.

This is equivalent to: we have M digits and N positions. We can assign each digit to a position, and then for each position, we take the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index). But note: the operations are sequential, so the last assignment to a position is the one with the highest operation index (i.e., the one that occurs last in the sequence).

But note: we can assign the same position multiple times, and the last assignment is the one that counts.

We want to maximize the integer.

We can consider two strategies:

1. Use the largest digits from T for the leftmost positions, but note: if we assign a large digit from T (say T[k]) to a left position, then if a later operation (with a larger k) assigns a smaller digit to that left position, we lose. But we can choose to not assign that left position again. However, we have to assign all operations.

But note: we are forced to assign all operations, so we must assign each digit from T to a position. The catch: we can assign a digit from a later operation to a position that we haven't assigned before, and then that position gets the later digit. But we cannot change the order: we must use the digits in the order of T.

Actually, the operations are sequential. So if we want to assign a large digit to a left position, we must do it at an operation index that is not too late (because if we assign a large digit at a late operation to the left position, then we cannot assign a smaller digit from an earlier operation to the same position, but we can assign a larger digit from a later operation to that position). But wait: the digits are fixed in T, so the value of the digit is fixed.

But note: we can assign the same digit to multiple positions. However, we are forced to use each digit (from T) exactly once (each operation uses one digit, and the operations are in order). So we have exactly M digits (from T) to assign to the N positions.

We can use a greedy algorithm that decides, for each position, the last operation (the largest index) that we assign to it. But we have to assign all M digits.

Alternatively, we can think:

We have M digits (from T) and we have N positions. We can assign the digits arbitrarily to the positions (each digit to one position) and then for each position, we take the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index). But note: the operations are sequential, so the assignment of a digit from T[k] must be done at operation k (and we can assign it to any position). Then, if we assign a digit from T[k] to a position, and then a digit from T[k'] (with k' > k) to the same position, then the last digit is the one from T[k'].

But note: we are free to assign the digits arbitrarily (we can assign T[k] to any position at operation k). Therefore, we can choose the order of assignment arbitrarily (the operation index is fixed, but we can choose which position to update at each operation).

Therefore, the problem is: we have a multiset of M digits (T) and we want to assign them to the N positions (each digit to one position) and then for each position, we take the last assigned digit (the one with the highest operation index) and form the string (left to right). But note: the operations are sequential, so the last assigned digit for a position is the one with the largest k (operation index) that was assigned to that position.

But note: the assignment must be done in increasing k (the k-th operation must assign the k-th digit). However, we can assign the same position multiple times, and the last assignment (largest k) is the one that counts.

But here is a key: we can choose the assignment arbitrarily (the operations are independent). Therefore, we can assign the digits arbitrarily to the positions, and then the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) that was assigned to that position.

But note: we have M operations and N positions. We must assign each operation to a position. Therefore, we are going to assign each digit (from T) to one of the N positions, and then for each position, we take the digit from the operation with the highest index that was assigned to that position.

But wait: we are forced to use the digits in order, but we can assign them arbitrarily to positions. So the assignment is: we have M digits (each with a fixed index k) and we assign each to one of the N positions. Then, for each position, we look at the set of operations that assigned to it and take the one with the highest k (and then the digit from that operation).

But note: the digits from T are fixed and the operation index k is fixed. However, we can assign the same digit (same k) to multiple positions? Actually, no: each operation k uses one digit (T[k]), and we assign that digit to one position. Then, if we assign the same digit (same k) to multiple positions, we would need to use the same operation multiple times? But we cannot. Each operation is distinct (k from 0 to M-1). So each digit (each operation) is assigned to one position.

So we have M distinct operations (each with a distinct digit from T, but note T may have duplicate digits) and we assign each operation to one of the N positions.

Then, for each position, we look at the operations that were assigned to it and take the one with the largest k (the last operation) and use the digit from that operation.

But note: the operations are sequential (k from 0 to M-1) and the digit for operation k is T[k]. So the digit for operation k is fixed.

Now, we want to maximize the integer.

We can consider: we have M digits (from T) and we are going to assign each to one of the N positions. Then, for each position, we take the maximum digit (in terms of the digit's value) from the operations that were assigned to it? Actually, no: we take the digit from the operation with the largest k (not the maximum digit). But note: the operation index k is increasing, and the digit T[k] is fixed. 

But wait: the operation index k is just an order. We are forced to use the digits in the order of T. However, we can choose which position to update at each operation. So we can choose to update a position with a large digit from an early operation and then update it again with a smaller digit from a later operation, and then the smaller digit will be the final one. But we can also choose not to update a position again.

But note: we must update M positions (each operation updates one position). So we are going to update M times, and the same position can be updated multiple times.

The goal is to maximize the integer. The integer is read from left to right.

We want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible, then the next, etc.

We can use the following strategy:

1. We will consider the final string. The final digit at a position is determined by the last operation (the largest k) that was assigned to that position.

2. We have M operations (with digits T[0] to T[M-1]) and we can assign them arbitrarily to the N positions.

3. We can think of it as: we are going to choose for each position the last operation that writes to it, and the digit for that operation is T[k] (where k is the operation index). Then, the rest of the operations (if any) that are assigned to that position are overwritten.

But note: we must assign all operations. So we have to assign each operation to a position.

We can use a greedy algorithm that works from left to right (for the positions) and decides which operations to assign to which positions.

But note: the operations are sequential, and the digit from a later operation (larger k) is available only for operations with index >= the current operation.

Alternatively, we can use a two-step approach:

Step 1: We know that we can assign the digits arbitrarily (each operation to a position). Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) that was assigned to that position.

We want to maximize the integer. So we want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible.

Idea:

We can decide for each position the last operation that writes to it. Then, the digit for that position is T[k] (with k being the last operation index for that position). But note: we must assign all operations, so we have to assign the remaining operations (the ones that are not the last for any position) to some positions (possibly the same ones, but then they are overwritten and don't matter).

But note: the last operation for a position must be one of the operations (and we have to assign all operations). 

We can consider:

We have M operations (each with a digit from T). We need to assign each operation to a position. Then, for each position, we take the last operation (largest k) that was assigned to it.

But note: the same operation cannot be assigned to two positions.

We can also consider: we are going to assign the operations to positions, and we can think of the final digit for a position as the digit from the operation with the largest k (operation index) that is assigned to that position.

But note: we are free to assign the operations arbitrarily, so we can choose which operations (which k) to assign to which positions.

However, the operations are sequential: the digit for operation k is T[k]. 

But we can choose the assignment arbitrarily (the operations are independent). Therefore, we can choose the order of assignment arbitrarily (we can assign operation k to any position). 

So we can choose for each position the set of operations that are assigned to it, and then the digit is the one from the operation with the largest k (the last operation index) in that set.

But note: we must assign each operation exactly once.

This is similar to: we have a set of M operations (each has a digit) and we want to assign them to the N positions (each operation to one position) and then for each position, we take the maximum digit (in terms of the digit's value) from the operations assigned to it? Actually, no: we take the digit from the operation with the largest k (the last operation index) assigned to it, not the maximum digit.

But note: the operation index k is fixed (and the digits are T[k]). We cannot change the digit for operation k. 

But wait: the digit for operation k is fixed (T[k]), but the operation index k is increasing. And we can assign operation k to any position. Then, if we assign operation k to a position, then that position's digit becomes T[k] (if no later operation is assigned to that position) or if a later operation is assigned, then the later operation's digit.

But note: we can assign the same position multiple times. So the final digit for a position is the digit from the last (largest k) operation that was assigned to it.

But we want to maximize the integer. The integer is determined by the digits from left to right.

We can try to assign the largest digits (from T) to the leftmost positions, but we must assign the operations in order (so we can only assign a digit from T[k] at operation k). However, we can assign the same digit (from T[k]) to multiple positions.

But note: the same digit (from T[k]) can be assigned to multiple positions. 

But here is the catch: we are forced to use the digits in order. However, we can assign the same digit to multiple positions. 

But the operation index k increases, so the digits from T[k] are fixed. We cannot change the order of the digits.

So the problem is: we have M digits (T[0] to T[M-1]), and we want to assign each digit to one of the N positions. Then, for each position, we take the digit from the last (largest k) operation that was assigned to it. Then, we form the string (the N digits from left to right) and we want to maximize the integer.

But note: we can also leave a position unassigned (if we never assign an operation to it) then the digit is the original S digit.

But wait: we must assign all M operations. So we are going to assign each operation to a position. Then, the final string is built from the last assigned digit for each position (if a position is assigned at least once) or the original digit if never assigned.

But note: we are forced to assign all M operations. So we are going to assign M digits (from T) to the N positions (each operation assigns one). Then, the final string is:

  For position i (0-indexed): 
      if we assigned at least one operation to position i, then the digit is T[k] for the largest k such that operation k was assigned to position i.
      else, the digit is the original S[i].

But note: we are allowed to assign the same position multiple times, and we must assign M operations.

Now, how to maximize the integer?

We want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible. Then the next, etc.

We can consider:

We have M operations (each with a digit from T) and we can assign them arbitrarily to the N positions. Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the last (largest k) operation that was assigned to it.

We can also choose to not assign some operations to a position (but we must assign all operations to some position).

We can think of it as: we have M digits (from T) and we are going to assign each to a position. Then, we will have a multiset of digits for each position (the digits from the operations assigned to that position) and the final digit for the position is the one from the largest k (operation index) in that multiset.

But note: the operation index k is fixed (the digit T[k] is assigned at operation k). So the last operation (largest k) for a position is the one with the largest k among the operations assigned to that position.

But note: we can choose the assignment arbitrarily. So we can choose which operations to assign to which positions.

We want to maximize the integer. The integer is formed by the N digits (from left to right).

We can use a greedy algorithm that decides the final digit for each position (from left to right). For the leftmost position, we want the largest digit possible. But note: we can only use a digit from T if we assign an operation to that position at a sufficiently late operation (so that no later operation overwrites it) OR we can overwrite it later? Actually, if we assign a digit to a position at operation k, then if we assign a later operation (k' > k) to the same position, then the digit from k' will be the final one.

But note: we are free to assign the operations arbitrarily. So we can choose to assign the largest available digit (from T) to the leftmost position, but we must assign it at an operation index that is not too late (because if we assign a large digit at a late operation, then we have to use that large digit for a position that we might want to use for a later (right) position?).

Alternatively, we can reserve the best digits for the left positions.

But note: we have to assign all operations. So we must assign each digit from T to a position.

We can use the following approach:

We will determine for each position the final digit (the last operation assigned to it). But note: we have M operations and N positions. We can use a greedy algorithm that iterates from left to right and decides which operations to assign to the current position (as the last operation for that position) and then remove those operations from the available set.

But note: the operations are sequential. We must assign the operations in increasing k (we cannot assign an operation k to a position before operation k). However, we can assign the same position multiple times.

But we are free to choose the assignment arbitrarily. So we can decide the last operation for a position arbitrarily (as long as the operation index is one of the operations and we assign all operations).

Actually, we can choose the last operation for each position arbitrarily (as long as the operation indices are distinct and cover all M operations). But note: the same operation cannot be the last for two positions.

But note: an operation can be assigned to a position, but then a later operation (with a larger k) must be assigned to the same position to be the last. But then the operation we chose for the last is the one with the largest k.

Actually, we can choose the assignment arbitrarily. So we can choose a set of operations (each operation is assigned to a position) and then for each position, the final digit is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to that position.

But note: we must assign each operation exactly once.

This is a classic problem: we have M operations (each has a digit) and we want to assign them to N positions. Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to that position. We want to maximize the integer.

We can use a greedy algorithm that works from left to right for the positions:

We want to assign the largest possible digit to the leftmost position. But we cannot assign a digit from T[k] to the leftmost position unless we can "protect" it from being overwritten by a larger digit from a later operation? Actually, no: we can overwrite it later. But if we assign a large digit to the leftmost position, then if a later operation assigns a larger digit to the leftmost position, then the leftmost digit becomes larger. But if there is no larger digit in T, then we are stuck with the last assigned digit.

But note: we can assign the same position multiple times. So we can assign a large digit to the leftmost position, and then if there is a larger digit available at a later operation, we can overwrite it.

But wait: we are forced to use the digits in order. So the digits available at operation k are T[0] to T[k]. But we can assign the operations arbitrarily (we can assign an operation k to any position). 

Actually, we can assign the operations arbitrarily to positions. So we can choose the order of assignment arbitrarily. Therefore, we can assign the best digit (from the entire T) to the leftmost position by the last operation (the largest k) that is assigned to that position.

But note: we must assign all operations. So we have to assign the digits in T (each exactly once) to the positions.

But the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) that was assigned to it.

Therefore, the final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k that is assigned to it. And we can choose which operations are assigned to which positions arbitrarily (each operation to one position).

This is equivalent to: we have M digits (T) and we are going to assign them to the N positions. Then, for each position, we look at the set of operations assigned to it and take the digit from the operation with the largest k (which is the last operation assigned to that position). But note: the operation index k is fixed (the digit from T[k] is used at operation k).

But note: we are not forced to use the largest available digit for a position. We can use a small digit if we want, but then we might be forced to use a larger digit for a later operation for a different position.

Actually, the problem is: we want to maximize the integer. We can choose the assignment arbitrarily (each operation to one position). Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to it.

But note: the operation index k is fixed, and the digit for operation k is fixed (T[k]). However, we can assign operation k to any position.

But the catch: the operations are sequential. We cannot assign an operation k to a position without using the digit T[k].

Now, we can use a greedy algorithm that works from left to right for the positions and decides the last operation for that position.

But note: we have to assign all operations, so we must assign each operation to exactly one position.

We can use a two-pointer or a stack? 

Alternatively, we can consider:

We have M operations (each has a digit) and we want to assign them to the N positions. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

But note: we can assign the same position multiple times. However, the last operation (largest k) is the one that counts.

We want to maximize the integer. The integer is determined by the digits from left to right.

We can try to assign the largest available digit to the leftmost position, but we must ensure that we can still assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions (including the possibility of overwriting the leftmost position with a later larger digit).

Actually, we can use a greedy algorithm that works from left to right and decides the last operation for each position.

But note: we have to use all operations. So we must assign each operation to a position. And the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

We can use the following idea:

1. We will consider the final string. We want to maximize it.

2. We have M operations (k=0 to M-1) with digits T[0] to T[M-1].

3. We can assign the operations arbitrarily to the N positions.

4. The final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to that position.

5. We can also leave a position unassigned (then it uses the original digit) but we must assign all operations, so we are forced to assign each operation to a position. However, we can assign the same position multiple times.

But note: if we leave a position unassigned, then the original digit is used. But we are forced to assign all operations, so we must assign each operation to a position. Therefore, we are going to assign M operations to the N positions (each operation to one position). Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it, and for positions not assigned at all, the original digit.

But wait, the problem states: we perform M operations. Each operation chooses an index i (from 1 to N) and replaces the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T. 

Therefore, we are forced to assign each operation to a position. And the final string is built by: for each position, the last assigned digit (from the last operation that wrote to it) or the original if never written.

But note: we have to use all M operations, so we must assign each operation to a position. Therefore, every position that is written at least once will have the digit from the last operation that wrote to it. And positions that are never written will have the original digit.

Now, the challenge is: we have to assign M operations (each to one of the N positions) and then the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) that was assigned to it.

We want to maximize the integer.

We can use a greedy algorithm that decides, for each position (from left to right), the last operation that will be assigned to it (and then we remove that operation from the available set) and then assign the remaining operations arbitrarily (but we have to assign them).

But note: the last operation for a position must be an operation with a high enough k (but we can choose any operation, as long as we haven't used it). However, the catch: if we assign an operation k to a position, then any operation j > k can overwrite it.

But we are free to choose the assignment arbitrarily. So for a given position, we can choose the last operation arbitrarily (as long as we assign that operation to this position and don't assign a later operation to this position). But then we must assign the remaining operations (the ones not chosen for this position) to the other positions.

But note: we must assign all operations. So we have to choose for each position the set of operations that are assigned to it, and then for each position, the final digit is the digit from the last operation (largest k) in its set.

But then the problem becomes: we have M operations (each with a digit) and we want to partition the operations into N sets (each operation in exactly one set) and then the final digit for position i is the digit from the operation with the largest k in set i. And we want to maximize the integer formed by the N digits (from left to right).

But note: the positions are ordered (from left to right). We want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible.

We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), chooses the best available digit (the largest digit available from the remaining operations) and then assigns that operation to this position as its last operation. But then we must assign the remaining operations (including the ones that are larger than the chosen one) to the remaining positions (and we can overwrite this position if we want? Actually, no: because we want to maximize the integer, we want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible. But if we assign a large digit to the leftmost position, then we must ensure that we don't have to use a even larger digit for a later operation that might be forced to be used for a left position? 

But note: we can assign the same position multiple times. However, if we assign a large digit to the leftmost position at operation k, then if there is a larger digit available at a later operation, we can overwrite it. But then the leftmost digit would be the larger one. 

Wait, no: the final digit for the leftmost position is the last operation assigned to it. So if we assign a large digit at operation k and then a larger digit at a later operation, then the leftmost digit becomes the larger one. But then we are using the larger digit for the leftmost position, which is good.

But then, how do we ensure that we can form a valid assignment?

Actually, the problem is: we have to assign each operation to a position. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

  - We want to choose the largest available digit (from the remaining operations) and assign it to this position as the last operation. But then, we must assign the remaining operations (including the ones that are larger than the chosen one) to the other positions. But note: if there is a larger digit available, then we can overwrite this position later, but we don't have to. 

But the catch: we must assign all operations. And the final digit for a position is the last operation assigned to it.

Actually, we can assign the operations in any order. So we can choose the last operation for each position arbitrarily (as long as the operation indices are distinct).

But note: the last operation for a position must be an operation with index k, and if we assign an operation k to a position, then we cannot use it for another position.

But the operations are sequential (we have to use T[0] first, then T[1], etc.), but we can assign them arbitrarily to positions.

We can use a greedy algorithm that works from left to right and decides the final digit for the current position by choosing the largest available digit (from the remaining operations) and then we must assign the remaining operations (including the ones that are larger than the chosen one) to the remaining positions.

But then, how do we ensure that the remaining positions can be assigned the remaining operations?

Actually, we can assign the remaining operations arbitrarily to the remaining positions. But note: the final digit for a position is the last operation (largest k) assigned to it. 

But then, for the remaining positions, we want to maximize their digits. However, we must also consider that if we choose a digit for the current position, then we remove that operation (and its digit) from the available set.

But note: the operations are sequential, so the digit for operation k is fixed. We are allowed to assign operation k to any position.

But here is a simpler idea:

We have M operations and N positions. We must assign each operation to a position. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

We can choose the assignment arbitrarily. Therefore, the final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k that is assigned to it.

But note: we are not forced to use the largest available digit for a position. We can use a smaller digit if we want, but then we might be able to use the larger digits for other positions.

Actually, we want to maximize the integer. The integer is formed by the digits from left to right.

We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), chooses the largest available digit (from the remaining operations) and then we must assign the remaining operations (including the ones that are larger than the chosen one) to the remaining positions.

But then, for the remaining positions, we can choose the largest available digits (from the remaining operations) for the leftmost of the remaining positions, etc.

But wait: the catch is that the final digit for a position is not necessarily the largest available digit at the time we assign it, because a later operation (larger k) might overwrite it. 

But note: we are free to assign the operations arbitrarily. So we can choose to not overwrite a position once we assign a large digit to it. However, we must assign all operations.

Actually, we can do the following:

  Let's say we want to form the final string. We have N positions. We can choose the final digit for each position arbitrarily from the set of digits that appear in T (and also the original digits if not overwritten) but we must use each operation exactly once.

But note: the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it. And we can choose which operations are assigned to which positions.

This is equivalent to: we have M digits (T) and we want to assign them to the N positions. Then, for each position, we can choose any subset of the operations assigned to it, but the final digit is the one from the last operation (largest k) in the set.

But we can choose the assignment arbitrarily. So for each position, the final digit is the digit from the operation with the largest k that is assigned to it.

But note: we must use each operation exactly once.

Therefore, the final string is determined by: for each position, choose a set of operations (each operation has a digit) and the final digit is the digit from the operation with the largest k in that set.

But then, the problem reduces to: we have a multiset of M digits (each from T) and we want to distribute them to N positions (each operation to one position) and then for each position, the final digit is the digit from the operation with the largest k in its set.

But note: the operation index k is fixed (the digit T[k] is assigned at operation k). 

But we can choose the assignment arbitrarily. So we can choose for each position the set of operations assigned to it.

However, the catch: the operation indices are fixed (we cannot change the digit for operation k). 

But note: we are free to assign the operations arbitrarily to the positions. So we can choose which operations are assigned to which positions.

Then, the final digit for a position is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to it.

But note: the largest k in the set is the last operation assigned to that position.

To maximize the integer, we want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible.

We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

  - Consider the available operations (not yet assigned). We want to choose the largest digit available in the remaining operations and assign it to this position. But then, we must assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

But then, for the remaining positions, we want to maximize their digits. 

However, note: if we choose a large digit for the current position, then we remove that operation. But there might be a larger digit available later, but if we assign that larger digit to a later position, then we can overwrite the current position if we want? But then the current position would be overwritten and its digit would be the larger one (which is good for the current position). 

Wait, no: we can assign the same position multiple times. So if we assign a large digit to the current position at operation k, and then a larger digit at a later operation, then the current position's digit becomes the larger one. 

But then, how do we ensure that we can form a valid assignment for the remaining operations?

Actually, we can use the following strategy:

  We will assign the operations to positions in such a way that the final digit for each position is the digit from the operation with the largest k assigned to it.

  We can postpone the assignment of the large digits to the left positions until the very end? No, because we want the left positions to be large.

  Instead, we can reserve the best digits for the left positions.

  But note: we must use all operations.

  We can use a two-pointer or a stack to simulate the assignment.

Another idea:

  We are forced to use the digits in T in order. But we can assign them arbitrarily to the positions.

  Consider: the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We can think of it as: we will assign each operation to a position, and then the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

  We want to maximize the integer.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

      Let's say we have a multiset of available operations (each operation has a digit and an index k).

      We want to choose the largest available digit (from the available operations) and then remove that operation.

      But then, we must assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

      However, there's a catch: if we choose an operation with a small k (early operation) and then a later operation has a larger digit, we can overwrite this position. But that doesn't harm the current position if we want to use the larger digit for a different position.

      But note: we are forming an integer from left to right. We want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible.

  However, consider: if we choose a large digit from an early operation for the leftmost position, then if a later operation has an even larger digit, we can overwrite the leftmost position. But that would make the leftmost digit larger, which is good. 

  But wait, we can only overwrite with a larger digit if it is available at a later operation.

  Actually, the final digit for the leftmost position is the last operation assigned to it. So if we want a large digit for the leftmost position, we must assign a large digit from a late operation to it.

  But then, how do we ensure that we don't "waste" a large digit from a late operation on a position that is not the leftmost?

  We can use a greedy algorithm that works from right to left.

  Alternatively, we can use a known technique for problems like "assign digits to positions to maximize the number" with the constraint that the operations are sequential.

  Another idea: 

  We have to use all operations. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We can consider the following:

  Let's say we are going to assign the operations to positions. We can assign an operation to a position and then later overwrite it. 

  But note: we can also leave a position unassigned (but we must assign all operations, so we cannot leave a position unassigned? Actually, we can: we must assign M operations, but they can be assigned to any of the N positions. So a position might be assigned multiple times, but we don't have to assign every position.

  But then, the final string has N digits. The positions that are never assigned keep the original digit.

  But the problem says: we perform M operations, each operation chooses an index i and replaces the i-th character. So the final string is determined by the last operation that wrote to each position.

  But note: we are not forced to write to every position. We can write to a subset of positions (possibly less than N) and the other positions keep the original digit.

  However, we must use all M operations. So we are going to write M times. 

  The final string has N digits. The digit at position i is:
      if we wrote to position i at least once, then the digit from the last operation that wrote to it.
      else, the original digit.

  We want to maximize the integer.

  This is the key: we can choose to not write to some positions, and then those positions keep the original digit.

  But note: we must use all M operations. So we are going to write M times. 

  We can write to the same position multiple times.

  How to maximize the integer?

  We want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible.

  We can try to overwrite the leftmost positions with the largest available digits from T (assigned at the latest possible operation) but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position from left to right, decides whether to overwrite it or not.

  But note: the final digit for a position is the last operation assigned to it. So if we want a large digit for a left position, we can assign a large digit from a late operation to it.

  However, we must assign all operations. So if we assign a large digit from a late operation to a left position, then we must assign the remaining operations (which include digits that might be small) to the other positions.

  But the catch: if we don't overwrite a left position, then it remains the original digit. So if the original digit is large, then we might not want to overwrite it.

  Therefore, the algorithm:

  We have two things to consider for each position:
      Option 1: Do not overwrite this position. Then the digit is the original digit.
      Option 2: Overwrite this position with a digit from T (from an operation).

  But note: we are forced to use all operations. So we must assign each operation to a position. And if we assign an operation to a position, it might overwrite a previous assignment.

  We can think of it as: we are going to choose a set of operations to be the "last" operation for each position. But note: an operation can be the last for a position only if no later operation is assigned to that position.

  But then, the assignment is: we choose a matching between the operations and the positions (not necessarily one-to-one) but with the condition that if an operation is assigned to a position, then no later operation can be assigned to that position if we want to use that operation as the last one.

  Actually, we can assign the operations arbitrarily. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each operation (in increasing order of k), decides whether to use it to overwrite a position or not.

  But we want to maximize the integer, so we should try to make the leftmost digits as large as possible.

  We can use a two-step approach:

  1. We will decide the final digit for each position. For each position, the final digit is either the original digit or a digit from T (from some operation).

  2. We must use each operation exactly once.

  But note: an operation assigned to a position will be the final digit for that position only if no later operation is assigned to that position.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), decides the best digit we can have for that position given the remaining operations.

  We can use a pointer for the operations and a data structure to keep track of the available operations.

  However, the constraints are up to 10^6 for N and M.

  We need an efficient solution.

  Let's consider the following:

  We have M operations (k=0 to M-1) with digits T[k]. We can assign them to the N positions. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We want to maximize the integer.

  We can consider the following:

  - The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

  - We can choose the assignment arbitrarily.

  - The catch: the last operation for a position must be an operation with index k, and we cannot use an operation twice.

  - We must use all operations.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

      Let's say we have a multiset of available operations (each operation is identified by its digit and its index k).

      We want to choose the largest digit available in the remaining operations, but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

      However, note: we can assign the remaining operations arbitrarily to the remaining positions. The only constraint is that if we choose an operation with index k for a position, then no later operation can be assigned to that position if we want to use it as the last operation.

      But we are free to assign the remaining operations arbitrarily, so the only constraint is that the remaining operations must be assigned to the remaining positions (and possibly overwrite some positions).

      But note: we are forming an integer from left to right. The leftmost digits have the most significance.

  Another idea: 

  We can reserve the best digits for the left positions.

  Specifically, we can try to assign the largest digits in T to the left positions, but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining digits to the remaining positions.

  But note: we can assign the same position multiple times, so the final digit for a position is the last assigned digit (which can be from a late operation).

  However, the catch: if we assign a large digit to a left position at an early operation, then if a later operation has an even larger digit, we can overwrite it. But then the left position's digit becomes the larger one.

  Therefore, the final digit for a left position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

      We consider the available operations (not yet used). We want to choose the largest digit available (say d) and then we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

      But how to ensure that? 

      We can assign the remaining operations arbitrarily to the remaining positions. The only constraint is that for each position, the final digit is the last operation assigned to it.

      But note: for the remaining positions, we can choose to overwrite them or not.

      However, the catch: if we choose an operation for the current position, then we remove that operation. And then for the remaining positions, we can use the remaining operations to either overwrite the current position (which would change the current position's digit) or to overwrite other positions.

      But wait: once we choose an operation for the current position, we are not forced to keep it as the final digit. We can later overwrite it with a larger digit.

      However, if we want to maximize the integer, we would want the leftmost digit to be as large as possible. But if we choose a large digit for the current position, and then later we can overwrite it with an even larger digit, then the current position's digit will be the even larger one. That is good.

      But then, why not choose the largest available digit for the current position? 

      But consider: if we choose a large digit for the current position, and then there is an even larger digit available later, then the current position's digit will become the even larger one. So the current position's digit is not fixed until the last operation that is assigned to it.

      Therefore, the current position's digit is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

      This means that the current position's digit is not determined until the very end.

  This seems complex.

  Let's try to think differently:

  We have to assign M operations to N positions. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We want to maximize the integer.

  We can consider that the final string is determined by the last operation for each position.

  We can choose the last operation for each position arbitrarily (as long as the operation indices are distinct and cover all M operations).

  But note: the last operation for a position must be an operation with a particular index, and if we choose an operation k for a position, then no later operation can be assigned to that position (because if we assign a later operation to that position, then the final digit would be from that later operation).

  But we are free to assign the remaining operations to other positions.

  So the problem reduces to: we have M operations (each with a digit) and we want to choose a set of N operations (each operation can be chosen at most once) to be the "last" operation for the N positions. But note: we must use all M operations, so the remaining M-N operations must be assigned to the positions (and they will be overwritten by the last operation for that position).

  But the catch: the last operation for a position must be the last (largest k) operation assigned to it. Therefore, if we choose an operation k for a position, then no operation with index > k can be assigned to that position.

  But note: we can assign the operations arbitrarily. So we can choose any set of N operations to be the last operations for the positions, but the indices of these last operations must be distinct and we must have that for each position, the last operation assigned to it is indeed the chosen operation.

  However, the catch: if we choose an operation k for a position, then we cannot use any operation j > k for that position.

  But we are forced to assign all operations. So the remaining operations (not chosen as the last for any position) must be assigned to some position, but they must be assigned to a position whose last operation has an index > the index of the chosen last operation for that position.

  This is complex.

  Let's reframe:

  We have M operations (k=0 to M-1) with digits T[k].

  We need to assign each operation to a position. The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation (largest k) assigned to it.

  We can choose the assignment arbitrarily.

  We want to maximize the integer.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), decides the final digit for that position.

  For the leftmost position, we can choose any digit from T (from any operation) as long as there is an operation with index k such that no later operation is assigned to this position.

  But then, how to choose?

  We can reserve the best digits for the left positions.

  Specifically, we can try to assign the largest available digit (from the entire T) to the leftmost position, but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

  But note: if we assign a large digit to the leftmost position, then we must use an operation for it. Then, the remaining operations must be assigned to the remaining positions.

  However, the catch: the final digit for the leftmost position is the last operation assigned to it. So if we assign a large digit at an early operation, then if a later operation has an even larger digit, we can overwrite it. But then the leftmost position's digit becomes the even larger one.

  Therefore, the leftmost position's digit is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  This means that the leftmost position's digit is not fixed until the very end.

  But then, how can we decide the final digit for the leftmost position without knowing the entire assignment?

  We can use the following observation:

  The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We must use all operations.

  Therefore, the final digit for each position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  And the catch: the last operation assigned to a position must be an operation with index k, and we cannot use an operation twice.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

      Let's say we have a multiset of available operations (each operation has a digit and an index k).

      We want to choose an operation for this position. But note: we are free to choose any operation for this position, and then we must assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

      However, if we choose an operation with index k for this position, then we cannot use any operation with index > k for this position.

      But then, the final digit for this position will be the digit from the last operation assigned to it (which might be a operation with index > k if we assign one later).

      But wait, if we choose an operation with index k for this position, then the final digit for this position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it (which could be an operation with index > k if we assign one later). 

      But then, why would we choose an operation for this position now? We can leave it for later.

  This seems circular.

  Let's try to think from the rightmost positions.

  Consider: the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  We must use all operations.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from right to left), decides the final digit for that position.

  For the rightmost position, we can choose any digit from T (from any operation) as the last operation.

  But then, the catch: if we choose an operation k for the rightmost position, then we cannot use any operation > k for the rightmost position.

  But note: we can assign the same position multiple times. So for the rightmost position, we can choose the last operation arbitrarily.

  However, the final digit for the rightmost position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

  To maximize the integer, we want the leftmost digits to be as large as possible.

  We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

      We will choose the largest digit available in the remaining operations that has an index >= some threshold.

  But note: we must assign all operations.


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    if not data: 
        return
    n, m = map(int, data[0].split())
    S = data[1].strip()
    T = data[2].strip()
    
    # We'll use a list for the final digits of length n.
    # We'll also keep track of the available operations (their digits and indices) but we only care about the digits and the order.
    # But note: we must use all operations, so we have to assign each operation to a position.
    # The final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.
    # We can assign the operations arbitrarily.

    # We want to maximize the integer.

    # We'll use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), will choose the largest available digit from the remaining operations, but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

    # However, note: the final digit for a position is the last operation assigned to it. So we can choose to not fix the digit for a position until the last operation assigned to it.

    # But we must use all operations.

    # We can use a two-pointer approach:

    # Let's consider that we will assign the operations in increasing order of k. But we can assign them arbitrarily to positions.

    # We can use a stack or a pointer to the best available digit.

    # Alternatively, we can consider that the final digit for a position is the digit from the last operation assigned to it.

    # We can reserve the best digits for the left positions.

    # We'll try to assign the largest digits in T to the left positions, but we must ensure that we can assign the remaining digits to the remaining positions.

    # But note: we can assign the same position multiple times, so the final digit for a position is the last assigned digit.

    # We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), will choose the largest available digit from the remaining operations, and then remove that operation.

    # But then, for the remaining positions, we can choose the largest available digits.

    # However, the catch: if we choose a large digit from an early operation, then a later operation might have a larger digit, and if we assign that later operation to the same position, then the final digit for that position will be the larger one.

    # But then, why not choose the largest available digit for the current position? 

    # Because the largest available digit might be from a late operation, and if we choose it now, then we cannot use it for a later position.

    # But note: we are forming an integer from left to right. The leftmost digits have more significance.

    # However, consider: if we choose a large digit from a late operation for the leftmost position, then we are using a large digit for the leftmost position, which is good.

    # But then, how do we ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions?

    # We can assign the remaining operations arbitrarily to the remaining positions.

    # The only constraint is that the final digit for a position is the last operation assigned to it.

    # We can use a greedy algorithm that, for each position (from left to right), does the following:

    #   Let's say we have a list of available operations (each with a digit and an index k). We want to choose the largest digit available.

    #   But then, we must ensure that we can assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

    #   However, the catch: if we choose an operation with index k for the current position, then we cannot use any operation with index > k for the current position.

    #   But we can use operations with index > k for other positions.

    #   So the only constraint is that we must be able to assign the remaining operations to the remaining positions.

    #   But note: we can assign the remaining operations arbitrarily, so the only constraint is that the number of remaining operations is equal to the number of remaining positions plus the number of times we overwrite the current position (but we can overwrite any position arbitrarily).

    #   Actually, we must assign each operation to a position. There is no constraint on the number of times a position is overwritten.

    #   Therefore, the only constraint is that we have to use all operations.

    #   So we can choose any operation for the current position.

    #   But then, why not choose the largest available digit for the current position?

    #   Because the largest available digit might be from a late operation, and if we choose it now, then we are using a large digit for the current position, which is good.

    #   However, if we choose a large digit from a late operation for the current position, then we are using that operation for