=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a grid consisting of N cells numbered 1 to N.
Initially, cell i (1 \le i \le N) has an integer i \bmod 2 written in it. You can perform the following operation any number of times, possibly zero:

- Choose cells l and r (l+1 < r) that satisfy the following conditions, and replace each of the integers written in cells l+1, l+2, \dots, r-1 with the integer written in cell l.
- The integer written in cell l is equal to the integer written in cell r.
- The integer written in cell i (l < i < r) is different from the integer written in cell l.



Find the number, modulo 998244353, of sequences of operations that result in the integers written in cell i (1 \leq i \leq N) being A_i.
Two sequences of operations are considered different if and only if their lengths are different or there exists a positive integer t not exceeding the length of the sequences such that the (l, r) chosen in the t-th operations differ.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
A_1 A_2 \dots A_N

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 0 \leq A_i \leq 1

Sample Input 1

6
1 1 1 1 1 0

Sample Output 1

3

To make the integers written in each cell i equal to A_i, for example, you can perform the following operations. (Here, we represent the state of the grid as a sequence X = (X_1, X_2, \dots, X_N).)

- Initially, X = (1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0).
- Choose cells 2 and 4. X becomes (1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0).
- Choose cells 1 and 5. X becomes (1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0).

Besides the above, there are two other sequences of operations that result in the integers written in cell i being A_i, so the answer is 3.

Sample Input 2

10
1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0

Sample Output 2

9

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I've got this problem to solve. Let me try to break it down and understand what's going on.

First, there's a grid of N cells, each initially containing the integer i mod 2. So cell 1 has 1, cell 2 has 0, cell 3 has 1, and so on. The operation we can perform is: choose two cells l and r (with l+1 < r) such that the integer in cell l is equal to the integer in cell r, and for every cell i between l and r (excluding l and r), the integer is different from the one in cell l. Then, we replace the integers from l+1 to r-1 with the integer in cell l.

The goal is to count the number of sequences of operations that transform the initial grid into a given target grid A, modulo 998244353.

Hmm, okay. Let me consider the sample input: N=6 and A = [1,1,1,1,1,0]. The initial grid is [1,0,1,0,1,0]. The sample says the answer is 3.

Wait, so initially, the grid is [1,0,1,0,1,0]. The target is [1,1,1,1,1,0]. The sample shows two operations: first, choose cells 2 and 4 (so l=2, r=4). Then, the condition is that the integer in cell 2 (0) equals the integer in cell 4 (0). The cells between are cell 3, which has 1, which is different from 0. So we replace cell 3 with 0. So the grid becomes [1,0,0,0,1,0]. Then, choose cells 1 and 5: l=1, r=5. The integer in cell 1 is 1, and cell 5 is 1. The cells between are 2,3,4, which are 0,0,0 — wait, but the condition is that each cell i between l and r (so from 2 to 4) must be different from the integer in cell l (which is 1). But 0 is different from 1, so that's okay. Then we replace cells 2 to 4 with 1, so the grid becomes [1,1,1,1,1,0].

So the operations are valid.

Now, we need to count the number of sequences of operations that lead from the initial grid to the target grid.

Constraints: N up to 200,000. So we need an efficient solution, probably O(N) or O(N log N).

First, let's think about the conditions for an operation:

1. The integer in cell l must equal the integer in cell r.
2. For every cell i in [l+1, r-1], the integer is different from the one in cell l.

Wait, that means that the operation can only be done if the two chosen cells (l and r) have the same value, and the entire segment between them (excluding l and r) is the opposite value. Then, after the operation, that entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) becomes the value of l (same as r). But note that the operation doesn't change the values at l and r (they are already set and the operation is copying l to the middle).

Now, the initial grid is alternating 1 and 0. The target grid is given, and we need to transform the initial grid to the target.

But wait, the operations can only be performed if the conditions hold. Also, note that we can perform operations any number of times.

Let me think about what happens in the sample. Initially, we have [1,0,1,0,1,0]. After the first operation (l=2, r=4), we set cell 3 to 0. Then, we have [1,0,0,0,1,0]. Then the second operation (l=1, r=5) sets cells 2 to 4 to 1, so we get [1,1,1,1,1,0].

But note: the operation doesn't change the values at l and r, so in the first operation, cell 2 and 4 remain 0. Then, when we set cells 2 to 4 (which are the middle) to 1, we are changing the 0's to 1's. But wait, in the second operation, the condition requires that the cells between l and r (i.e., cells 2 to 4) are different from the value in cell l (which is 1). But at the time of the second operation, cells 2,3,4 are 0, which is different from 1, so the condition holds.

But note: the operation also requires that the integer in cell l (1) is equal to the integer in cell r (1). So that's okay.

Now, the question is: how do we count the number of sequences of operations that lead to the target?

Let me think about the target grid. The initial grid is alternating 1 and 0. The target grid is given. We need to see what changes are required.

But wait, the operations can only change contiguous segments that are entirely the opposite of a certain value. So, for example, to change a segment from 0 to 1, we must have a surrounding 1 at both ends. Similarly for 1 to 0.

But note that the operation can only be applied if the two ends are the same and the middle is the opposite. So, for example, we can't change a single cell (because then l+1 to r-1 would be empty, but the condition requires l+1 < r, so at least two cells between? Actually, no: the condition is l+1 < r, which means that the segment from l+1 to r-1 must have at least one cell. So the operation requires at least 3 cells: l, l+1, l+2, ..., r-1, r. Actually, the operation requires that the segment from l+1 to r-1 is non-empty. So l and r must be at least two apart? Actually, l+1 < r, so r must be at least l+2.

So the operation changes a contiguous block of cells (from l+1 to r-1) from the opposite of l's value to l's value, provided that the two ends (l and r) are the same and the middle is the opposite.

Now, let me consider the effect of operations on the grid. Each operation sets a contiguous block of cells to a specific value (the value of l) and leaves the ends (l and r) unchanged. But note: the ends must already have that value, and the middle must have the opposite.

Now, the problem is to count the number of sequences of such operations that lead from the initial grid to the target grid.

But note that the initial grid is fixed and the target is given. We can think of the target grid as a sequence of 0's and 1's, and we start from the alternating sequence.

But wait, the operations are reversible? Or do we need to think in terms of what operations are necessary?

Alternatively, we can think about what the target grid requires. The target grid must have the same values at the "ends" as the initial grid? Actually, no: the operations can change the grid, so the target grid might have changed.

But note: the operations do not change the values at the chosen l and r. So if we perform an operation on [l, r], then the values at l and r remain as they were. But subsequent operations might change the values at other cells, and then use those as l or r for further operations.

Wait, no: the operation only sets the cells between l and r (from l+1 to r-1) to the value of l. It does not change the value at l or r. So if we use a cell that was previously changed as an l or r in a subsequent operation, then that cell's value is fixed from the time it was set.

This seems complex. Maybe we need to model the grid's state and the operations as a graph? But N can be up to 200,000, so we need an efficient way.

Alternatively, we can consider the necessary conditions for the target grid. What must be true for the target grid to be achievable?

First, note that the initial grid is alternating. The operations can only set contiguous segments that are surrounded by the same value (the value to be set) and the opposite in between. So, for example, to set a contiguous segment to 1, we need to have 1's at both ends. Similarly for 0.

But also, note that the operations can be done in any order, and the same cell can be overwritten multiple times.

Wait, but the operations can overwrite parts of the grid, and then use that overwritten part as an end in a subsequent operation? Actually, no: because when we set a segment to a value, the ends are left unchanged. So if we set a segment, the ends must have been set previously (or initially) to the value we are using.

But then, the entire grid's value at the ends must be consistent with the operations that set the middle.

Alternatively, we can think about the target grid and work backwards. What are the necessary conditions for the target grid?

Let me denote the initial grid as I and the target as A.

Each operation sets a contiguous segment (excluding the two ends) to the value of the left end. The left end must be equal to the right end, and the middle must be the opposite.

Now, consider that an operation can only be applied if the two ends are the same and the middle is the opposite. So, in the target grid, the two ends (if they were used as l and r) must have the same value as the entire segment they enclose (the one being set) is set to the left end's value.

But note: the operation doesn't change the ends. So the ends must be set by an operation that uses them as ends, or they start as the initial value.

Wait, actually, the initial grid is alternating. So the first cell is 1, then 0, then 1, etc.

Now, the operations can change the grid. So the target grid must be such that the values at positions that are never used as an end in any operation must match the initial grid's value? Or not necessarily: because an operation might set a cell, and then that cell is used as an end for a subsequent operation.

But the ends are never changed by the operation (the operation only changes the cells strictly between l and r). So the value at l and r remain as they were set by previous operations or the initial value.

Therefore, the entire grid's value at each cell is determined by the last operation that either set it (if it was set by an operation) or the initial value.

But wait, the operations set contiguous segments. So the grid is built from operations that set contiguous segments to a value, and the ends of those operations are left unchanged.

This sounds similar to the classic problem of "building" a grid from operations that set contiguous segments, but with the condition that the operation can only be applied if the two ends are the same and the middle is the opposite.

But how do we model the target grid?

Let me define the following: let the grid have two states: 0 and 1. The initial grid is alternating.

Each operation sets a contiguous segment (from l+1 to r-1) to the value of l (which is the same as r). The operation is only allowed if the segment [l+1, r-1] is entirely the opposite of l's value.

Now, the target grid must be such that the entire grid can be built from the initial alternating grid by a sequence of such operations.

But note: the operations can only set contiguous segments that are surrounded by the same value (the one being set) and the opposite in between.

So, for example, in the target grid, if we have a contiguous segment of 1's, then the operations that set that segment must have been done with l and r being 1's (or the initial 1's) and the middle was 0's.

But then, how do we count the number of sequences?

This seems complex. Maybe we can think of the grid as having "blocks" of consecutive same values. Then, each operation can merge two blocks of the same value (if they are separated by a block of the opposite value) and set the entire opposite block to the same value.

Wait, let me consider:

Suppose we have a grid with blocks of consecutive same values. An operation is essentially merging two blocks of the same value that are separated by a block (or blocks) of the opposite value. But the operation requires that the two ends (l and r) are the same and the entire segment between them (excluding l and r) is the opposite. So, if we have two adjacent blocks of the same value (say 1) separated by a single block of 0's (of any length), then we can perform an operation: choose l as the last cell of the first 1-block and r as the first cell of the next 1-block. Then, the segment between l and r (which is the 0's block) must be entirely 0, which it is. Then, we set that entire 0's block to 1, effectively merging the two 1-blocks.

But note: the operation sets the entire segment between l and r (excluding l and r) to 1. So if there are multiple 0's, they all become 1's, and the two 1-blocks merge.

But wait, the operation can also be performed if the two ends are 0 and the middle is 1's? Then, we set the 1's to 0's.

So, the operation can merge two blocks of the same value (by setting the opposite block in between to that same value) and thus merge the two blocks.

Moreover, note that the operation can be applied repeatedly. For example, if we have three 1-blocks separated by 0-blocks, then we can merge the first two, then the next two, etc.

But also, note that the operation can be applied in any order, and the operations can overlap? Actually, the operation sets a contiguous segment, and then the grid changes, so subsequent operations must use the updated grid.

But the problem is to count the number of sequences of operations that lead to the target grid.

Alternatively, we can consider the target grid and see what operations must have been performed.

But note: the initial grid is fixed. The target grid must be such that it can be achieved from the initial grid by a sequence of operations.

Let me consider the target grid. The target grid is a sequence of 0's and 1's. We can break the grid into contiguous blocks of same values.

In the initial grid, the blocks are of length 1 (because it's alternating). In the target grid, the blocks can be of any length.

Each operation merges two blocks of the same value (say value X) that are separated by a block (or blocks) of the opposite value (Y). The operation sets the entire Y-block (or multiple Y-blocks) to X, thereby merging the two X-blocks.

But note: the operation requires that the two ends (l and r) are X and the entire segment between is Y. So if there are multiple Y-blocks between two X-blocks, can we use one operation to merge the two X-blocks? 

Wait, the operation requires that the entire segment between l and r is Y. But if between two X-blocks there are multiple Y-blocks, then we cannot use a single operation to merge the two X-blocks because the operation requires that the entire segment (from l to r) is Y? Actually, no: the operation requires that the cells from l+1 to r-1 are Y. So if we have two X-blocks separated by two Y-blocks, then we can only merge them by two operations: first, merge the left X-block with the first Y-block (if we set the first Y-block to X, then the two X-blocks become adjacent, and then we can merge the two X-blocks with one operation). Or, alternatively, we can merge the two X-blocks by an operation that skips the first Y-block and sets the second Y-block to X, but then the first Y-block remains and we still have two X-blocks separated by one Y-block.

Wait, no. Actually, the operation sets the entire segment from l+1 to r-1 to X. So if we have:

X-block1, Y-block1, Y-block2, X-block2

Then, to merge block1 and block2, we can choose l as the last cell of block1 and r as the first cell of block2. But then the segment between is block1 and block2 (which is Y-block1 and Y-block2). The condition requires that the entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) is Y. So if both Y-block1 and Y-block2 are Y, then we can set them both to X in one operation.

Wait, no: the operation sets the entire segment from l+1 to r-1 to X. So if we choose l as the last cell of block1 and r as the first cell of block2, then the segment from l+1 to r-1 is the entire block1 and block2? Actually, no: the operation sets from l+1 to r-1. But l is the last cell of block1, so l+1 is the first cell of Y-block1, and r-1 is the last cell of Y-block2. So the entire segment is set to X. Then, after the operation, the grid becomes:

X-block1, X-block (of the entire Y-block1 and Y-block2), X-block2.

But note: the operation does not change the ends (l and r). So the last cell of block1 and the first cell of block2 remain X. Then, the entire segment (the two Y-blocks) becomes X. So the two X-blocks and the two Y-blocks are merged into one big X-block (if we consider the entire segment from the start of block1 to the end of block2).

Wait, but the operation sets the entire segment between l and r (excluding l and r) to X. So if we have:

X, X, ..., X (block1), then Y, Y, ... (block1_Y), then Y, Y, ... (block2_Y), then X, X, ... (block2)

And we choose l as the last cell of block1 (X) and r as the first cell of block2 (X). Then, the segment from l+1 to r-1 is the entire block1_Y and block2_Y (which are Y). Then, we set that entire segment to X. So the grid becomes:

X, X, ... (block1), then X, X, ... (the entire block1_Y and block2_Y set to X), then X, X, ... (block2). 

But note: the last cell of block1 and the first cell of block2 are still X (because we didn't change them). So the entire grid from the start of block1 to the end of block2 is one big X-block.

So, one operation can merge two X-blocks that are separated by any number of Y-blocks (as long as the entire segment between l and r is Y).

But then, what about the Y-blocks? They are set to X, so they are gone.

Now, what if the target grid has a Y-block? Then, that Y-block must have been set by an operation that set it from an X-block? Or perhaps by an operation that set a contiguous segment of Y's.

Wait, the operation sets a contiguous segment to X (the value of l). So if we want to set a contiguous segment of Y's, we must use an operation with l and r being Y (so the ends are Y) and the segment between is X (so we set the X's to Y). 

But then, the operation that sets a contiguous segment of Y's requires that the entire segment (the X's) is set to Y, and the ends (l and r) are Y.

So, in summary:

- Operations can set a contiguous segment (from l+1 to r-1) to X if the ends (l and r) are X and the middle is Y (the opposite).

Now, the initial grid is alternating, so we have X and Y alternating.

The target grid must be such that it is built from the initial grid by a sequence of such operations.

Now, how do we count the number of sequences?

Let me consider the target grid. We can break it into contiguous blocks of same values.

Each operation merges two blocks (or more) of the same value by setting the opposite blocks in between to that same value.

But note: the operation can merge more than two blocks of the same value if there are multiple opposite blocks in between. For example, if we have three X-blocks separated by Y-blocks, then we can merge all three X-blocks (and the Y-blocks) into one big X-block by one operation (if the entire segment between the first and last X-block is Y).

But wait, the operation requires that the entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) is Y. So if we have:

X-block1, Y-block1, X-block2, Y-block2, X-block3

Then, to merge all three X-blocks into one, we can choose l as the last cell of X-block1 and r as the first cell of X-block3. Then, the segment from l+1 to r-1 is Y-block1, X-block2, Y-block2. But wait, that segment has an X-block (block2) in it. The condition requires that the entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) is Y. But block2 is X, so we cannot use that operation.

So, we can only merge two adjacent X-blocks (with no X-block in between) that are separated by one or more Y-blocks, but if there is an X-block in between, then we have to merge step by step.

Actually, the operation can only merge two X-blocks that are separated by Y-blocks, but if there is an X-block in between, then we cannot merge them in one operation because the segment between l and r (which would be from the first X-block to the last X-block) would contain an X-block (which is not Y). 

So, the operations can only merge adjacent X-blocks (with no X-block in between) that are separated by one or more Y-blocks.

But note: after merging two X-blocks, the Y-blocks in between become X, so then the two X-blocks become adjacent (if there was only one Y-block) and then we can merge the next set of X-blocks.

Wait, no: if we have three X-blocks separated by Y-blocks, then after merging the first two, the first two X-blocks and the Y-blocks become one big X-block, and then we can merge that big X-block with the next X-block if there is a Y-block in between.

But the condition for the operation is that the entire segment between l and r is Y. So if we merge the first two, then the entire segment between the first and the third X-block is now two Y-blocks (the one we merged and the one remaining) — wait, no: actually, after merging the first two, the first two X-blocks and the Y-blocks become one big X-block, so then the third X-block is adjacent to this big X-block? Or separated by the remaining Y-block?

Wait, the operation sets the entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) to X. So if we merge the first two X-blocks (which are separated by a Y-block), then the first two X-blocks and the Y-block become one big X-block. Then, the third X-block is separated by the next Y-block (if any). So if there were two Y-blocks between the first and third X-block, then after merging the first two, the third X-block is adjacent to the big X-block (because the Y-blocks are set to X) — no, wait: the operation sets the entire segment (the Y-block) to X, so the third X-block is still separated by the next Y-block (if any) from the merged block.

Actually, the operation sets the entire segment (from l+1 to r-1) to X. So if we have:

X-block1, Y-block1, X-block2, Y-block2, X-block3

And we choose l as the last cell of X-block1 and r as the first cell of X-block2, then the segment from l+1 to r-1 is Y-block1. Then, we set that to X. So the grid becomes:

X-block1 (unchanged), then X (the entire Y-block1 set to X), then X-block2 (unchanged). Then, the two X-blocks are merged. Then, the grid is:

X (big block from block1 and block2 and Y-block1), then Y-block2, then X-block3.

Now, the next operation: we can merge the big X-block and X-block3 by choosing l as the last cell of the big X-block (which is the last cell of X-block2) and r as the first cell of X-block3. Then, the segment from l+1 to r-1 is Y-block2. Then, we set that to X. Then, the grid becomes one big X-block.

So, the two operations: first merge the first two X-blocks (with one Y-block in between), then merge the resulting big X-block with the third X-block (with one Y-block in between).

But note: we could have chosen a different order? Actually, we cannot merge the first and the third in one operation because the segment between them (after the first operation) has an X-block (the merged block) and a Y-block and then X-block. But wait, after the first operation, the grid is:

X (big block1+2), Y-block2, X-block3.

Then, to merge the big block and X-block3, we choose l as the last cell of the big block and r as the first cell of X-block3. The segment from l+1 to r-1 is Y-block2 (which is Y). So we can do that.

But if we try to merge the first and the third without merging the first two, then the segment between the first and the third (in the initial grid) is two Y-blocks and one X-block (the second X-block). So the condition fails because the segment is not entirely Y (it has an X-block).

Therefore, the operations must be performed in an order that merges adjacent blocks first.

Now, in the target grid, the grid is built from the initial alternating grid by a sequence of operations that merge adjacent blocks of the same value (that are separated by one or more blocks of the opposite value) one by one.


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    n = int(data[0])
    A = list(map(int, data[1:1+n]))
    
    # Check if the target grid is achievable from the initial grid.
    # The initial grid is alternating: [1,0,1,0,...]
    # The target grid must be such that the first cell is 1 (if n>=1) or 0 (if n>=1 and alternating) but wait, the initial grid's first cell is 1.
    # However, note: operations can change the grid, but the first cell is never changed by an operation (unless we use it as an end). But if we use the first cell as an end, then it remains 1 (initially) and then if we set a segment starting at the first cell, then the first cell remains 1. But wait, the operation requires that the ends are the same. So if we use the first cell as an end, it must be the same as the other end. But the first cell is 1, so the other end must be 1. Then, the operation sets the segment between to 1. But then, the first cell remains 1.

    # Actually, the first cell is never changed by any operation because the operation only changes cells from l+1 to r-1. So the first cell is always 1 (if n>=1) in the target grid? Or wait, no: the operation can use the first cell as an end, but it doesn't change it. But the target grid might have a 0 at the first cell? Then, it's impossible.

    # Let me check the sample: 
    # Sample Input 1: N=6, A = [1,1,1,1,1,0]
    # The first cell is 1, which matches the initial grid.

    # Sample Input 2: N=10, A = [1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0]
    # The first cell is 1, which matches.

    # But what if the target grid has a 0 at the first cell? Then, it's impossible because the first cell is never changed.

    # Similarly, the last cell: if the target grid's last cell is 0, then it must be that the initial grid's last cell is 0 (if n is even) or 1 (if n is odd). But wait, the initial grid is alternating: cell i has i mod 2. So the last cell (n) has n mod 2.

    # Therefore, the target grid must have the first cell equal to 1 (if n>=1) and the last cell equal to n mod 2? Or wait, no: the operations can change the last cell if we use it as an end? Actually, no: the operation only changes the cells between l and r. So the last cell is never changed by an operation. Therefore, the last cell must be the same as the initial grid's last cell.

    # So, necessary conditions for the target grid:
    # 1. The first cell must be 1 (if n>=1) because the initial grid's first cell is 1 and it's never changed.
    # 2. The last cell must be n mod 2 (because the initial grid's last cell is n mod 2 and it's never changed).

    # But wait, what if n=1? Then the grid is [1] initially. The target grid must be [1]. But if the target grid is [0] for n=1, then it's impossible.

    # However, the problem states that the initial grid has cell i with i mod 2. So for n=1, the grid is [1]. The target grid must be [1] (if we are to have a valid sequence). But the problem says "Find the number of sequences of operations that result in the integers written in cell i being A_i." So if the target grid does not match the initial grid's first and last cells (and the alternating pattern is broken in a way that the first and last are fixed), then the answer is 0.

    # But wait, the operations can change the grid arbitrarily (within the constraints). However, the first and last cells are never changed. So the target grid must have:
    #   A_1 = 1
    #   A_N = N % 2

    # Now, what about the rest? The grid can be built by merging blocks.

    # Let me define the grid as a sequence of blocks. Each block is a contiguous segment of the same value.

    # The initial grid has blocks of length 1, alternating.

    # Each operation merges two adjacent blocks of the same value (say X) that are separated by