=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a grid of H rows and W columns.
The rows are numbered 0,1,\ldots,H-1 from top to bottom, and the columns are numbered 0,1,\ldots,W-1 from left to right.
Let (i,j) denote the cell at row i and column j.
You are given H strings S_0, S_1, \ldots, S_{H-1}, each of which is of length W and consists of A and B.
In each cell, one of the following two types of tiles is placed.
Let S_{ij} denote the (j+1)-th character (0 \le j \le W-1) of the string S_i. The type of tile placed in cell (i,j) is S_{ij}.

- Type A: A single line segment is drawn on the tile’s surface, connecting the midpoints of two adjacent edges.



- Type B: A single line segment is drawn on the tile’s surface, connecting the midpoints of two opposite edges.


These tiles can be freely rotated. When focusing only on the pattern formed by the line segments, there are four ways to rotate a Type-A tile and two ways to rotate a Type-B tile. Therefore, if we distinguish placements only by the pattern of line segments, the number of ways to place the tiles is 4^a \times 2^b, where a is the number of Type-A tiles and b is the number of Type-B tiles.
Among these ways, print the number, modulo 998244353, of ways such that the line segments on the tiles have no dead ends when viewing the grid as a torus.
Here, "the line segments on the tiles have no dead ends when viewing the grid as a torus" if and only if the following two conditions are satisfied for every cell (i,j):

- Both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists:
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the right edge of the cell (i,j)
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,(j+1)\bmod W), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the left edge of the cell (i,(j+1)\bmod W)


- Both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists:
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the bottom edge of the cell (i,j)
- the line segment drawn in the cell ((i+1)\bmod H,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the top edge of the cell ((i+1)\bmod H,j)



For example, the following placement satisfies the condition:

The following placement does not satisfy the condition. Specifically, while there is no line segment whose endpoint is the midpoint of the right edge of the tile in cell (0,2), there is a line segment whose endpoint is the midpoint of the left edge of the tile in cell (0,0), so the condition is not satisfied.

You are given T test cases; solve each of them.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
T
case_1
case_2
\vdots
case_T

Each case is given in the following format:
H W
S_0
S_1
\vdots
S_{H-1}

Output

For each test case, print the number, modulo 998244353, of placements that satisfies the condition, in separate lines.

Constraints


- 1 \le T \le 10^5
- 2 \le H,W
- HW\leq 10^6
- S_i\,(0\le i\le H-1) are length-W strings consisting of A and B.
- The sum of H W over all test cases is at most 10^6.
- T, H, and W are integers.

Sample Input 1

3
3 3
AAB
AAB
BBB
3 3
BBA
ABA
AAB
3 4
BAAB
BABA
BBAA

Sample Output 1

2
0
2

One valid placement for the first test case is shown in the following image:

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I have this problem about grid tiles and rotations. The grid has H rows and W columns, and each cell has a tile that's either type A or type B. Type A tiles can be rotated in 4 ways, and type B in 2 ways. The goal is to count the number of ways to place the tiles such that the line segments form a pattern with no dead ends, considering the grid as a torus.

First, I need to understand the condition for no dead ends. It says that for each cell, two conditions must hold:

1. For the horizontal connections: Either both the right edge of the current cell and the left edge of the cell to the right (next column, same row) have a line segment endpoint, or neither does. But because it's a torus, the grid wraps around, so the next column is modulo W.

2. Similarly, for the vertical connections: Either both the bottom edge of the current cell and the top edge of the cell below (next row, same column) have a line segment endpoint, or neither does. Again, modulo H for rows.

Each tile's orientation determines which edges have the line segment. For type A, which is a single line connecting midpoints of two adjacent edges, when rotated, it can connect different pairs. Similarly, type B connects midpoints of two opposite edges, so it's like a vertical or horizontal line, but with two rotations.

Wait, but the problem says that for type A, there are 4 rotations, and for type B, 2. So, for each tile, we have a set of possible orientations, and each orientation specifies which edges are connected.

But actually, the condition is about the endpoints on the edges. Each edge (between cells) must have endpoints from adjacent tiles matching. So, for the horizontal condition, the right edge of cell (i,j) must match the left edge of cell (i, (j+1) mod W). Similarly for vertical.

But note: the condition is stated as: for each cell (i,j), both the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1) must be present or both absent. Similarly for vertical.

But actually, the condition is that for the entire grid, the pattern must be such that at every edge between two adjacent cells (including wrapping), the two endpoints must be consistent. But wait, the condition is stated per cell, but it's actually about the edges. Actually, each edge is shared by two cells. So, for the horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i, j+1), we have two endpoints: one from the right edge of (i,j) and one from the left edge of (i, j+1). The condition says that for cell (i,j), we check the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1). Similarly, for cell (i, j+1), we check the left edge of (i, j+1) and the right edge of (i, j+2) for the horizontal condition. But wait, no: the condition is stated for each cell independently. Actually, the condition is:

For cell (i,j):
- The right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, (j+1) mod W) must be both present or both absent.

But note: the left edge of (i, (j+1) mod W) is the same edge that is the right edge of (i,j). So, actually, the condition is that for each horizontal edge (between two adjacent cells in the same row), the two endpoints (one from each tile) must be both present or both absent. Similarly for vertical edges.

But wait, the condition is stated from the perspective of the two cells: for cell (i,j) we check the right edge and the next cell's left edge. But the next cell's left edge is the same edge. So, the condition is that the two tiles must agree on the edge in the sense that if one tile has the line segment at the edge, the adjacent tile must also have the line segment at the opposite edge. So, for each edge, the two tiles must have the same "state": either both have the line segment or both don't.

But wait, actually, the condition is that for each cell, the two edges (right and left of the next cell) must be both present or both absent. But note, the left edge of the next cell is the same edge as the right edge of the current cell. So, the condition is that the current cell's right edge and the next cell's left edge (which is the same edge) must be both present or both absent. But that's the same as saying that the two tiles must have the same orientation for that edge? Or is it that the line segment is drawn from the midpoint, so the edge is defined by two tiles, and the condition is that both tiles must have the segment on that edge? Actually, no: the condition is about the endpoints. Each tile has a line segment that is drawn. The line segment on a tile is fixed by its orientation.

Wait, let me clarify: Each tile has a line segment. The line segment is drawn on the tile and connects two midpoints. The midpoints are on the edges of the tile. So, for type A, the line connects two adjacent edges, and for type B, two opposite edges.

But when we place the tile, we can rotate it. So, for a type A tile, the four rotations will place the line on the four possible pairs of adjacent edges. Similarly for type B, the two rotations will place the line on the two pairs of opposite edges.

Now, the edges of the grid are the boundaries between tiles. Each internal edge (between two adjacent tiles) will have two endpoints: one from each tile. The condition is that for each such edge, the two tiles must both have the line segment ending at that edge's midpoint, or neither must.

But note: the condition is stated per cell (i,j) for the horizontal edge (to the right) and the vertical edge (to the bottom). Actually, for the horizontal edge, the condition is about the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1). But the right edge of (i,j) is the edge to the right, and the left edge of (i, j+1) is the edge to the left. So, the same edge is considered from two sides. The condition is that for that edge, the two tiles must have the line segment at that edge or not.

But actually, the condition is given as two separate conditions for each cell, but they are equivalent to the requirement that for every edge, the two tiles must agree: both have the segment or both don't.

So, the problem reduces to: assign to each cell a rotation (for type A, one of 4; for type B, one of 2) such that for every horizontal edge (between (i,j) and (i, j+1)) and every vertical edge (between (i,j) and (i+1,j)), the two tiles must have the line segment at that edge.

But note: each tile's rotation determines which edges have the line segment. The edges of a tile are: top, bottom, left, right. The condition for the horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i, j+1) is that the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1) must both have the line segment or both not. Similarly for vertical.

But wait, for a tile, the line segment is drawn on two edges. For type A, the two edges are adjacent. For type B, the two edges are opposite.

Now, the key is: for a given tile, if we know its rotation, we know which edges have the line segment. Then, for each edge, we can check if the tile has a segment there.

But the condition must hold for every edge. So, we need to assign rotations to all tiles such that for every horizontal edge, the two tiles (left and right) have the segment on that edge (from their respective sides) in the same way? Actually, no: the condition is that both must have the segment, meaning that the edge must be drawn from both sides. But wait, the condition is about the endpoints. Actually, the problem states: the line segments on the tiles have no dead ends. That means that at each edge, the line segment must be continuous. So, if a tile has a line segment ending at the edge, then the adjacent tile must also have a line segment at the same edge (so that the entire edge is covered without a dead end). If neither has it, then the edge is not covered, but that's allowed as long as the condition (both or neither) is satisfied.

But actually, the condition is exactly that: both must have it or neither. So, for each edge, the two tiles must both have the segment at that edge (from their own side) or both not.

Now, for a tile, the rotation determines which edges have the segment. So, for each tile, we have a set of edges that are "active". Then, for each edge between two tiles, the two tiles must both have that edge active.

But note: the grid is a torus, so we have to consider the edges wrapping around.

Now, the problem is to count the number of ways to assign rotations to each tile (given the tile type) such that for every edge, the two tiles have the segment at that edge.

This is a constraint satisfaction problem on a grid (toroidal). The grid has H*W cells, and the constraints are on the edges (each edge is a constraint between two adjacent cells).

But note: the total number of edges is 2*(H*W) because each cell has 4 edges, but shared. Actually, in a toroidal grid, there are H*W cells, and each cell has 4 edges, but each edge is shared by two cells. So, there are 2*(H*W) edges? Actually, no: the grid has H rows and W columns. The edges are:

- Horizontal edges: There are H rows and W columns, so for horizontal edges, we have H * (W) edges? Actually, no: in a grid, the horizontal edges are between columns. For each row, there are W edges (between the W columns). Similarly, for vertical edges, there are H edges per column, so H * W vertical edges.

But wait, in a grid of H rows and W columns, the number of horizontal edges (for the grid lines) is H * (W+1) but then we have to consider that the grid is toroidal. Actually, in a toroidal grid, the edges are:

- Horizontal: Each row has W edges (since the row has W+1 lines, but the edges are the gaps between the cells, so W edges per row). But wait, no: each cell has a right edge and a left edge. The left edge of the first cell is connected to the right edge of the last cell (in the same row) because of torus. So, in each row, there are W horizontal edges (each between two adjacent cells). Similarly, each column has H vertical edges.

So, total edges: H*W (horizontal) + H*W (vertical). But wait, no: for horizontal edges, we have H rows and each row has W edges (because there are W+1 lines, but W gaps). Similarly, for vertical edges, we have W columns and each column has H edges (H gaps). So, total edges: H*W (horizontal) + W*H (vertical) = 2*H*W edges. But each edge is a constraint between two cells.

But wait, actually, each edge is shared by two cells. So, the constraints are 2*H*W, but each constraint is independent.

Now, the problem is: we have a grid graph (toroidal) with H*W nodes (each node is a tile). Each node has a type (A or B) and a set of possible orientations (4 for A, 2 for B). Each edge (both horizontal and vertical) is a constraint: the two nodes connected by the edge must both have the segment at that edge.

But note: the segment at the edge is determined by the tile's rotation. For a tile, the rotation determines which edges (of the tile) are active. Each tile has four edges: top, bottom, left, right. The condition for a horizontal edge (say, the edge to the right of tile (i,j)) is that the tile (i,j) must have the right edge active, and the tile (i, (j+1) mod W) must have the left edge active. Similarly, for a vertical edge (the edge below tile (i,j)), tile (i,j) must have the bottom edge active and tile (i+1 mod H, j) must have the top edge active.

But wait, the tile's edges are fixed: the right edge of tile (i,j) is the edge to the east, and the left edge is the edge to the west. Similarly, top and bottom.

So, for each tile, we need to assign a rotation that sets a subset of its four edges to be active. The subsets for type A are the four adjacent pairs: top-right, right-bottom, bottom-left, left-top. For type B, the two opposite pairs: top-bottom and left-right.

Now, the constraint for a horizontal edge (between (i,j) and (i, j+1)) is that the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1) must be active. Similarly, for vertical edge (between (i,j) and (i+1, j)): bottom edge of (i,j) and top edge of (i+1, j) must be active.

This is a constraint on the edges of the two tiles. So, we can model this as a graph where each node (tile) has a set of possible "states" (the 4 rotations for A, 2 for B) and each edge (between two adjacent tiles) has a constraint: the two tiles must have their respective edges active.

But note: the constraint for a horizontal edge only involves the right edge of the left tile and the left edge of the right tile. Similarly for vertical.

But the state of a tile (its rotation) determines which edges are active. So, for each tile, the state is one of the available rotations.

Now, the problem is to count the number of assignments of states to all tiles (each state must be one of the available for that tile) such that for every edge, the two tiles' states satisfy the condition (i.e., both have the edge active or both don't, but wait, actually the condition is that the edge must be active for both? Actually, the condition is that the two tiles must both have the segment at the edge. But note: the condition is stated as "both of the following exist, or neither", and the condition is about the endpoints. So, if the edge is active for both, then both endpoints exist. If the edge is not active for both, then neither endpoint exists. But if one is active and the other is not, then one endpoint exists and the other doesn't, which is a dead end.

Wait, the condition is: for the horizontal edge, we require that the right edge of (i,j) and the left edge of (i, j+1) are both present or both absent. So, the edge must be active for both tiles, or inactive for both.

But note: the tile's rotation determines the edges that are active. So, for each tile, the set of active edges is fixed by the rotation.

Now, the problem is to count the number of ways to assign rotations to all tiles (given the tile type) such that for every edge (both horizontal and vertical), the two tiles have that edge active.

But wait, actually, for a horizontal edge, we require that the left tile's right edge is active and the right tile's left edge is active. Similarly, for a vertical edge, the top tile's bottom edge is active and the bottom tile's top edge is active.

This is a system of constraints that must be satisfied. The grid is a torus, so it's a cycle in both directions.

Now, note that the grid is a torus, so the problem is periodic in both directions. The constraints form a system that can be solved by breaking the torus into a cycle.

But the state space for each tile is small: 4 for A and 2 for B. So, we can use dynamic programming or inclusion-exclusion, but the grid size can be up to 10^6 cells (since HW <= 10^6 per test case, and the sum of HW over test cases is <= 10^6). Wait, the constraint says: "The sum of H W over all test cases is at most 10^6". So, we can have multiple test cases, but the total number of cells is <= 10^6.

So, we need an efficient way to count the assignments.

This is a constraint satisfaction problem on a grid graph. But the graph is a torus, which is a product of two cycles.

We can model this as a two-dimensional finite automaton with states being the rotation of the tile, and transitions between adjacent tiles (left, right, up, down) must satisfy the condition.

But the constraints are local: each edge (between two tiles) must have the two tiles' edges active.

However, note that the condition for a tile's rotation determines which edges are active. So, for a tile, the rotation (state) must be consistent with the rotations of its neighbors.

But the problem is that the condition is not independent of the entire grid. But we can use the following approach:

Each tile has a set of states. For each edge, the two tiles must have their respective edges active. But the edges active for a tile depend on its rotation.

Alternatively, we can consider that the entire grid must form a consistent set of edges. But note, the edges are independent in the sense that the condition for one edge is independent of others, but the rotations of the tiles are shared.

But the problem is that the rotations of the tiles determine the edges. So, we can model the grid as a graph where each node (tile) has a state (rotation) and the edges (adjacent tiles) must satisfy the condition.

This is a typical constraint satisfaction on a graph. However, the graph is a torus, so it's a grid with cycles. The state space per node is 4 or 2, so we can use DP over the grid, but the grid is toroidal and the state space is small (at most 4^a * 2^b, but we are counting the assignments that satisfy the constraints).

But note: the grid is a torus, so we have to consider the entire grid as a cycle in both directions. This suggests that we can break the problem by considering the grid as a cycle in the horizontal direction and then the vertical direction.

Alternatively, we can use the following idea:

Each tile's state (rotation) determines which edges are active. Then, the condition for the horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i, j+1) is that the state of (i,j) must have the right edge active and the state of (i, j+1) must have the left edge active. Similarly for vertical.

But note: the same tile's state must satisfy the conditions from both sides. So, for a tile, the four edges (top, bottom, left, right) must be active in a way that is consistent with the adjacent tiles.

But the rotations for type A and type B are fixed. For type A, the four rotations are the four adjacent pairs. For type B, the two rotations are the two opposite pairs.

Let me define for a tile (with given type) the four edges (top, right, bottom, left) and which rotations set which edges.

For type A (4 rotations):

Rotation 0: top-right
Rotation 1: right-bottom
Rotation 2: bottom-left
Rotation 3: left-top

But wait, actually, the rotations are cyclic. So, we can define:

Let the tile have four edges: north, east, south, west.

For type A, the four rotations are:

- Rotation 0: north and east
- Rotation 1: east and south
- Rotation 2: south and west
- Rotation 3: west and north

For type B (2 rotations):

- Rotation 0: north and south
- Rotation 1: east and west

Now, the condition for a horizontal edge (east of tile (i,j) and west of tile (i, j+1)): both must be active. Similarly for vertical.

Now, we can model the problem as: assign to each tile a rotation (from its available set) such that for every horizontal edge, the east edge of the left tile and the west edge of the right tile are both active (i.e., set by their rotations), and similarly for vertical.

But note: the condition is that both must be active. So, for a horizontal edge, the left tile must have its east edge active and the right tile must have its west edge active. Similarly for vertical.

Now, we can think of the grid as a graph and use a state machine that runs over the grid. But the grid is toroidal, so we need to handle the cycles.

But note: the total number of tiles is up to 10^6, but the state space for each tile is small (4 or 2). So, we can use a DP that goes row by row and then wrap around for the torus. But the torus condition (cycle) complicates things.

Alternatively, we can use the following approach:

1. Break the grid into a linear grid (without torus) and then use inclusion-exclusion for the cycles, but that might be complicated.

2. Use the fact that the constraints are local and use a product of matrices or something similar.

But wait, the problem is similar to counting the number of ways to color the grid with a finite state machine, with constraints between adjacent cells.

This is a standard problem that can be solved by transfer matrix method, but the grid is two-dimensional and toroidal. However, the constraints are only between adjacent cells (neighbors). We can use the following:

Define a state for each cell as the rotation chosen (4 or 2 possibilities). Then, for adjacent cells, we have constraints (for horizontal and vertical neighbors). But the state of a cell must satisfy the constraints from left, right, top, and bottom.

But the constraints are: for the horizontal edge to the right: the current cell's east edge must be active and the right neighbor's west edge must be active. Similarly, for the horizontal edge to the left: the current cell's west edge must be active and the left neighbor's east edge must be active. Similarly for vertical.

But wait, the condition is for each edge (each edge is independent). But the state of a cell must be consistent with all four edges (if they are present).

But note: the condition is given per cell: for the horizontal edge to the right, we require the current cell's right edge and the next cell's left edge. Similarly, for the vertical edge below, we require the current cell's bottom and the next cell's top.

But the condition must hold for every cell. So, for each cell, we have two conditions (horizontal and vertical). But the horizontal condition for the cell (i,j) is about the edge to the right, and the condition for the cell (i, j+1) is about the edge to the left (which is the same edge). So, the condition is symmetric.

Now, we can model the problem as a constraint on a grid graph. The grid graph is a torus, so it's a bipartite graph? Not necessarily, but we can use the following:

We need to assign to each cell a rotation (from its available set) such that:

1. For every horizontal edge (i, j) to (i, j+1): the east edge of (i,j) and the west edge of (i, j+1) are both active (i.e., set by their rotations).

2. For every vertical edge (i, j) to (i+1, j): the south edge of (i,j) and the north edge of (i+1, j) are both active.

This is a system of linear constraints over a finite state space.

But note: the active edges for a tile are determined by the rotation. So, we can precompute for each tile type and each rotation, which edges are active.

Then, the constraints for the edges are:

For a horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i, j+1): 
   (rotation of (i,j) must have east edge active) AND (rotation of (i, j+1) must have west edge active)

Similarly for vertical.

But note: the grid is a torus, so we have to consider the entire grid as a cycle in both directions.

Now, the problem is to count the number of assignments to all tiles (each tile's rotation) that satisfy all edge constraints.

This is a standard #CSP (counting constraint satisfaction problem) on a grid graph. The grid graph is a torus, so it's a product of two cycles.

But the constraints are between adjacent tiles (horizontal and vertical). The state space per tile is small (4 or 2). The total number of constraints is 2*H*W (each edge, horizontal and vertical, is a constraint).

But the grid is toroidal, so the constraints form a cycle in each direction.

We can use the following approach:

1. Use iterative constraint propagation or dynamic programming, but the grid is large (up to 10^6 cells) and the state space per cell is small (at most 4 or 2), so we can use a DP that goes row by row, but then we have to account for the vertical edges.

But the grid is a torus, so the first row is connected to the last row. Similarly, the first column to the last.

This is a two-dimensional problem. The standard way is to use a state for each cell that is the rotation (state) of that cell, and then the transition is between adjacent cells. But the grid is two-dimensional, so we need to combine states from the left and above.

But the state space is 4 or 2 per cell, and the grid has up to 10^6 cells, so the total state space is too large for a naive DP (like 4^(H*W)).

But note: the constraints are local, and the grid is a torus. However, the problem is that the constraints are not independent.

Alternatively, we can use the following idea: the conditions on the edges are independent of the tile types? Actually, no, because the tile type restricts the rotations.

But note: the problem gives the grid as a grid of A and B. Each cell is either A or B, which determines the set of rotations.

Now, we can use the following: for each tile, the set of rotations is fixed (4 for A, 2 for B). Then, for each edge, the two tiles must satisfy the condition.

But the condition for an edge is: the two tiles must have their respective edges active. So, for a horizontal edge between two tiles, one of type A and one of type B, we need to check which rotations of the A tile have the east edge active and which rotations of the B tile have the west edge active.

We can precompute for each tile type and each rotation, the active edges.

Then, for each edge (horizontal or vertical), we can define a constraint between the two tiles: the pair (rotation of left tile, rotation of right tile) must be such that the east edge of the left is active and the west edge of the right is active.

But note: the constraint is not on the pair of rotations, but on the two edges (which are determined by the rotations). So, for a horizontal edge, the condition is:

   (rotation_left has east active) and (rotation_right has west active)

Similarly for vertical.

But the rotations for each tile are chosen from a set (4 or 2). So, for each tile, we have a set of rotations that have a particular edge active.

But then, the constraint for an edge is: the left tile must be in a rotation that has east active, and the right tile must be in a rotation that has west active.

But note: the two tiles are independent, so the constraint is the intersection of two conditions.

But the problem is that the same tile is involved in multiple edges. So, we need to assign a rotation to each tile that satisfies all the constraints from its four neighbors.

This is a constraint graph where each tile is a variable with domain (rotations) and each edge (constraint) is a condition between two variables.

But the graph is a grid (toroidal) and the constraints are local.

Now, the standard way to solve such a problem is to use the inclusion-exclusion or to use a matrix method (transfer matrix for one-dimensional and then extend to two dimensions). But the grid is two-dimensional and toroidal.

Alternatively, we can use the following approach:

1. Consider the grid as a graph and use the fact that the constraints are local to build a state for each tile that is the rotation.

2. Then, use a DP that goes cell by cell and accumulates the number of ways. But the state space is the product of the rotations of the previous row and the current row? That would be too big.

But note: the grid is toroidal, so we need to consider the entire grid. However, the total number of cells is up to 10^6, but the state space per cell is small (4 or 2). The product over the entire grid is too big.

But wait, we can use the following: the constraints are only between adjacent cells. We can use a factor graph and then use belief propagation or other message passing, but that might be too slow.

Another idea: the problem is equivalent to counting the number of edge orientations in a grid such that each tile's rotation (which defines the edges) matches the adjacent tiles' rotations for the shared edges.

But note: the condition for an edge is that the two tiles must both have the segment. This is independent for each edge. However, the rotations of the tiles must be consistent.

But the rotations of the tiles are not independent: the same rotation must explain the edges in all four directions.

Wait, actually, the condition is: for each edge, the two tiles must have the segment. So, the condition is a local constraint on the edges, but the assignment of rotations to tiles must be such that the edges are consistent.

But note: the edges are determined by the rotations. So, we can think of the grid as having edges that must be either "on" or "off", and the tile rotations must set the edges in a consistent way.

But the tile rotations are the only way to set the edges.

This is a constraint satisfaction problem that can be modeled as a 2-SAT or a CSP, but with a grid structure.

But the state space is small (4 or 2 per tile), so we can use a technique similar to the inclusion-exclusion or the transfer matrix method.

However, the grid is two-dimensional and toroidal. The transfer matrix method is typically used for one-dimensional systems.

But we can use the following: since the grid is a torus, we can break the problem by fixing the first row and then the subsequent rows, and then use the torus condition to enforce the first and last row matching.

But the grid is a torus, so the first row is connected to the last row. So, we need to count the number of ways to assign rotations to all tiles such that the horizontal and vertical constraints are satisfied.

We can use a DP that goes row by row, and the state for a row is the rotation of each tile in that row. But the state space for a row is (4 or 2)^(W) which can be up to (4)^W, and W can be up to 10^6 (if H=1, but H>=2 and HW<=10^6, so W can be up to 10^6 only if H=1, but H>=2, so W <= 500000). Then, the state space is 4^(500000) which is too big.

We need a better approach.

Another idea: use the fact that the constraints are local and the grid is a torus. We can use the following: the conditions on the edges are independent of the tile types? Actually, no.

But note: the condition for an edge is: the two tiles must have the segment. But the segment is determined by the rotation. And the rotation is from a small set.

We can precompute for each tile (given its type) and for each rotation, which edges are active.

Then, for each edge (horizontal and vertical), we can define a constraint that the two tiles must have their respective edges active.

But note: the constraints are between two tiles. The two tiles are adjacent. So, the entire grid is a graph with edges, and we need to assign rotations to nodes such that for each edge (constraint), the condition holds.

This is a standard CSP. But the graph is a grid (torus) and the constraints are local.

We can use a technique called "graph homomorphism" counting, but that might be too vague.

Alternatively, we can use the following: the grid is a bipartite graph? Actually, a grid graph is bipartite, but here the edges are not the grid edges but the toroidal grid with additional constraints.

Wait, no. The grid is a toroidal grid of cells, and the constraints are on the edges between cells.

But note: the problem is similar to counting the number of ways to tile the grid with dominoes or something, but with more states.

But let's try to think of a different perspective.

Consider that the entire grid must form a set of cycles for the edges. Actually, the condition is that every edge is either both active or both inactive. And the active edges must form a consistent pattern.

But note: the active edges must form a perfect matching? Not exactly. Each tile has exactly one or two active edges (for type A, one rotation has two adjacent edges, for type B, two opposite edges). But the condition is not about the number of active edges per tile, but about the edges between tiles.

But the condition is that for each edge between tiles, the two tiles must both have the segment. So, the active edges between tiles must be present.

But then, the entire grid's active edges form a graph where each edge is either present or not, but with the constraint that the edges are only between adjacent tiles, and the tiles' rotations force the edges to be present or not.

But note: the grid is a torus, so the graph is connected.

Now, the active edges form a subgraph of the toroidal grid graph. The condition is that the active edges must be a subset of the grid edges (both horizontal and vertical) and must be such that for each tile, the active edges incident to it (from its rotations) match the active edges from the adjacent tiles.

But this is very abstract.

Another idea: use the concept of "edge coloring" or "edge labeling", but with constraints.

But wait, there is a known approach for such problems: the transfer matrix method for one-dimensional grids, and then extend to two dimensions.

But the grid is two-dimensional, so we need to do two-dimensional transfer matrix. However, the state space for a row is the product of the rotations of all tiles in that row, which is too big.

But note: the constraints are only between adjacent tiles (left-right and up-down). We can use a technique called "iterative conditioning" or "belief propagation", but that is not exact.

Alternatively, we can use the following: the problem is equivalent to a system of linear equations over a finite field? Not exactly.

But let's try to reframe the problem:

Each tile has a set of possible rotations. Each rotation is a vector in a 4-dimensional space (each dimension representing an edge: north, east, south, west). For type A, the vector has two 1's for adjacent edges and 0's elsewhere. For type B, two 1's for opposite edges.

Then, the condition for a horizontal edge (between tile (i,j) and (i,j+1)) is that the east component of tile (i,j) and the west component of tile (i,j+1) must be 1.

Similarly, for a vertical edge, the south component of tile (i,j) and the north component of tile (i+1,j) must be 1.

But note: the tile's rotation sets the four edges. The tile's rotation is one of the available ones.

This is a system of equations: for each edge, the two variables (the two tiles) must satisfy the equation that their respective components are 1.

But the equations are not linear in the usual sense because the "variables" are discrete (the rotations) and the equations are over the edges.

But we can think of it as a system where each tile has a set of possible vectors (its rotations), and then the edges must have the two tiles' vectors' components equal to 1.

This is a constraint between two tiles for each edge.

Now, the problem is to count the number of ways to choose a vector for each tile from its available set, such that for each edge, the two tiles' vectors have 1 in the respective component.

This is a standard constraint satisfaction problem that can be solved by iterating over the grid and combining the possibilities.

But the grid is large.

Another idea: use the fact that the grid is a torus and the constraints are local to use a matrix of states for a row, and then use the vertical constraints to combine rows.

But the state space for a row is the product of the rotations of all tiles in the row. That is too big.

But wait, we can use the following: the constraints between adjacent rows are only between tiles in the same column. So, for each column, the rotations of the tiles in that column must be consistent with the horizontal edges (within the row) and the vertical edges (between rows).

But the horizontal edges are within a row, and the vertical edges are between rows.

We can first fix the rotations for the first row, then the second row must satisfy the vertical constraints with the first row and the horizontal constraints with the third row? But the grid is a torus, so we have to consider the entire grid.

But the total grid size is HW <= 10^6, and the sum of HW over test cases is 10^6. So, we can iterate over the grid.

But the state space is too big for a naive DP.

We need to find a way to reduce the state space.

Let me try to analyze the constraints further.

Consider a single row. The row has W tiles. Each tile is either A or B. The horizontal edges are between adjacent tiles (and the first and last are adjacent because of torus). The vertical edges are between this row and the row above and below.

But the vertical edges are only between this row and the adjacent rows. So, for the horizontal edges, the condition is that for each cell (i,j), the east edge of (i,j) and the west edge of (i,j+1) must be both active or both not. But the condition is that they must both be active (or both not). Actually, the condition is that the edge must be active for both tiles.

So, for the horizontal edges, the condition is that the east edge of (i,j) is active if and only if the west edge of (i,j+1) is active.

But wait, the condition is: both must be active or both must not be active. So, they are equivalent.

Now, the horizontal edges in the row form a cycle (torus). The conditions for the horizontal edges are:

For each j from 0 to W-1, the east edge of (i,j) must be active if and only if the west edge of (i, j+1) is active.

But note: the east edge of (i,j) and the west edge of (i, j+1) are edges of the same tile? No, they are edges of two different tiles.

But the condition for the horizontal edge is that both must be active.

Now, the rotations for the tiles determine whether their respective edges are active.

But note: the east edge of (i,j) is determined by the rotation of (i,j), and the west edge of (i, j+1) is determined by the rotation of (i, j+1).

So, for each horizontal edge (between (i,j) and (i, j+1)), the condition is: (rotation of (i,j) has east active) == (rotation of (i, j+1) has west active) is not exactly, but both must be active. Actually, the condition is that both are active or both are not. But wait, the condition is: "both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists". So, both active or both not active.

But that is equivalent to: the east edge of (i,j) is active if and only if the west edge of (i, j+1) is active.

But wait, no: the condition is that both are active or both are not. So, the east edge of (i,j) is active if and only if the west edge of (i, j+1) is active.

Yes, that is correct.

But note: the condition is stated as: both exist or neither exists. So, the east edge of (i,j) is active if and only if the west edge of (i, j+1) is active.

Similarly for vertical edges.

Now, this is a system of equations for the entire grid.

But the grid is a torus, so we have a cycle of horizontal edges and a cycle of vertical edges.

Now, the problem is to count the number of assignments of rotations to each tile such that for every horizontal edge (cycle) and every vertical edge (cycle), the condition holds.

This is a system of linear equations over a finite field? Not quite, but we can model it as a product of matrices.

But the equations are not linear in the usual sense.

Another idea: use the concept of "state" for each tile and then use a matrix exponentiation for the grid.

But the grid is two-dimensional.

However, we can use the following: the grid is a torus, so we can consider the grid as a product of two cycles. Then, the number of solutions is the trace of a matrix raised to the power of the grid size? Not exactly.

But let's consider the following: the grid has H rows and W columns. Each cell has a state (rotation). The constraints are:

- For each horizontal edge (in a row), the two adjacent cells must have their respective edges active.
- For each vertical edge (in a column), the two adjacent cells must have their respective edges active.

But note: the horizontal edges are in the same row, and vertical edges are in the same column.

This is a 2D grid with constraints on the edges.

We can use a technique called "inclusion-exclusion" or "state compression" but the state space is small.

But the grid is large, but the total number of cells is up to 10^6, and the state space per cell is small (4 or 2). But the product is too big.

But note: the constraints are local and the grid is a torus. We can use the following approach:

1. For each row, the horizontal constraints form a cycle. The condition for the horizontal edges in a row is that the rotations of the tiles must be consistent with the active edges. 

2. Similarly, for each column, the vertical constraints form a cycle.

3. The entire grid must satisfy both.

But the state of a tile is its rotation, which is a state from a small set.

Now, we can try to precompute for a single row (ignoring vertical constraints) the number of ways to assign rotations to the W tiles such that the horizontal constraints (cycle) are satisfied. Similarly for a column.

But the horizontal constraints for a row are between adjacent tiles (cycle). The condition is that for each adjacent pair (j, j+1), the east edge of j and the west edge of j+1 are both active or both not. But wait, the condition is that both are active or both are not. But the condition is that the east edge of j is active if and only if the west edge of j+1 is active.

But the active edges are determined by the rotations.

So, for a given row, the assignment of rotations must be such that for each j, the east edge of tile j and the west edge of tile j+1 are both active or both not.

This is a constraint between adjacent tiles in the row.

Similarly for columns.

Now, we can model the row as a cycle of W tiles, and the constraint between tile j and tile j+1 is that the east edge of j and the west edge of j+1 are both active or both not.

But the east edge of j depends only on the rotation of j, and the west edge of j+1 depends only on the rotation of j+1.

So, for each adjacent pair (j, j+1), the condition is a relation between the rotation of j and the rotation of j+1.

Similarly for columns.

But the rotations are from a small set (4 or 2). So, for each tile, the set of possible rotations is small.

We can precompute a transition matrix for the row: for each tile j, given its rotation, what rotations are allowed for tile j+1.

But the condition for the horizontal edge between j and j+1 is: the east edge of j must be active if and only if the west edge of j+1 is active.

So, for each rotation of j (which determines whether its east edge is active) and each rotation of j+1 (which determines whether its west edge is active), the condition is satisfied if the two are equal.

So, we can define a compatibility matrix between rotations for adjacent tiles.

Let me define:


</think>

=== ANSWER ===
import sys

MOD = 998244353

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    t = int(data[0])
    index = 1
    results = []
    
    for _ in range(t):
        # Read H and W
        H = int(data[index]); W = int(data[index+1]); index += 2
        grid = []
        for i in range(H):
            grid.append(data[index]); index += 1
            
        # If the grid is empty, then answer is 0? But HW>=2.
        # Precompute the number of A and B tiles.
        # But we need to consider the rotations.
        # We'll use dynamic programming or matrix exponentiation.
        # But the grid is toroidal, so we need to consider cycles.
        # However, the total HW <= 10^6, but the grid is given as H and W.
        # We need to count the number of ways to assign rotations to each tile such that:
        #   For each horizontal edge (cycle): the condition holds.
        #   For each vertical edge (cycle): the condition holds.
        #
        # But note: the condition for an edge is that the two tiles must have the segment.
        # We can precompute for each tile type and each rotation the active edges.
        #
        # Let's define for type A (4 rotations) and type B (2 rotations) the active edges.
        # For type A:
        #   rotation 0: active = {'N', 'E'}
        #   rotation 1: active = {'E', 'S'}
        #   rotation 2: active = {'S', 'W'}
        #   rotation 3: active = {'W', 'N'}
        # For type B:
        #   rotation 0: active = {'N', 'S'}
        #   rotation 1: active = {'E', 'W'}
        #
        # The edges are: 'N', 'E', 'S', 'W'.
        #
        # Now, the condition for a horizontal edge (between tile (i,j) and (i, j+1)) is:
        #   The east edge of (i,j) and the west edge of (i, j+1) must be both active or both not.
        #   But wait, the condition is that both must be active or both not. But the condition is stated as:
        #       "both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists"
        #   So, the east edge of (i,j) and the west edge of (i, j+1) must be both active or both not.
        #   But note: the condition is not "both active" but "both active or both not". So, they must be the same.
        #
        #   Similarly for vertical.
        #
        # Now, we can model the grid as a graph where each node has a set of states (rotations) and each edge has a constraint.
        #
        # But the grid is a torus, so it's a product of two cycles.
        #
        # We can use the following approach:
        #   Let f(i, j) be the rotation of tile (i, j).
        #   Then, the constraints are:
        #       For each (i, j): 
        #           (active('E', f(i, j)) == active('W', f(i, (j+1)%W)))
        #           (active('S', f(i, j)) == active('N', f(i+1, j)))
        #
        #   But note: the condition for the horizontal edge is between (i,j) and (i, (j+1)%W), and for vertical between (i,j) and ((i+1)%H, j).
        #
        #   We can use a DP that goes row by row, but the state space is the product of the rotations of the entire row, which is too big.
        #
        #   Alternatively, we can use the following: the grid is a torus, so we can break the problem into two independent cycles? Not exactly.
        #
        #   Another idea: use the fact that the grid is a torus and the constraints are local to use a matrix of states for a row, and then use the vertical constraints to combine rows.
        #
        #   But the state space for a row is 4^a * 2^b, which is too big.
        #
        #   We need to find a better way.
        #
        #   Let's consider the following: the condition for a horizontal edge is that the east edge of the left tile and the west edge of the right tile are the same (both active or both not). This is a constraint between two adjacent tiles.
        #
        #   We can