=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a grid with H rows and W columns.
Let (i,j) denote the cell at the i-th row from the top and the j-th column from the left.
There are N horizontal bars numbered from 1 to N placed on the grid.
Bar i consists of L_i blocks of size 1 \times 1 connected horizontally, and its leftmost block is initially at cell (R_i, C_i).
That is, initially, bar i occupies the cells (R_i, C_i), (R_i, C_i + 1), \dots, (R_i, C_i + L_i - 1).
It is guaranteed that there is no cell occupied by two different bars.
The current time is t = 0.
At every time t = 0.5 + n for some non-negative integer n, the following occurs in order of i = 1, 2, \dots, N:

- If bar i is not on the bottom row (the H-th row), and none of the cells directly below the cells occupied by bar i is occupied by any bar, then bar i moves down by one cell. That is, if at that time bar i occupies the cells (r,C_i),(r,C_i+1),\dots,(r,C_i+L_i-1)\ (r < H), and the cell (r + 1, C_i + j) is not occupied by any bar for all j (0 \leq j \leq L_i - 1), then bar i now occupies (r + 1, C_i), (r + 1, C_i + 1), \dots, (r + 1, C_i + L_i - 1).
- Otherwise, nothing happens.

Let (R'_i, C_i), (R'_i, C_i + 1), \dots, (R'_i, C_i + L_i - 1) be the cells occupied by bar i at time t = 10^{100}. Find R'_1, R'_2, \dots, R'_N.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
H W N
R_1 C_1 L_1
R_2 C_2 L_2
\vdots
R_N C_N L_N

Output

Print N lines.
The i-th line (1 \leq i \leq N) should contain R'_i.

Constraints


- 1 \leq H, W \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq R_i \leq H
- 1 \leq C_i \leq W
- 1 \leq L_i \leq W - C_i + 1
- In the initial state, there is no cell occupied by two different bars.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 4 4
1 2 3
3 2 2
2 1 2
2 4 1

Sample Output 1

2
4
3
4

The following three diagrams represent the grid at times t = 0, 1, and 2 from left to right.
Colored rectangles represent the bars, and the number inside each rectangle indicates its bar number.

The changes in the grid state are explained as follows:

- At t = 0.5:
- i = 1: The cells directly below bar 1 are (2,2),(2,3),(2,4). Among these, (2,2) is occupied by bar 3 and (2,4) is occupied by bar 4, so nothing happens.
- i = 2: The cells directly below bar 2 are (4,2),(4,3), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 2 moves down by one cell.
- i = 3: The cells directly below bar 3 are (3,1),(3,2), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 3 moves down by one cell.
- i = 4: The cell directly below bar 4 is (3,4), which is not occupied by any other bar, so bar 4 moves down by one cell.


- At t = 1.5:
- i = 1: The cells directly below bar 1 are (2,2),(2,3),(2,4), which are not occupied by any other bar, so bar 1 moves down by one cell.
- i = 2: Bar 2 is on the bottom row, so nothing happens.
- i = 3: The cells directly below bar 3 are (4,1),(4,2). Among these, (4,2) is occupied by bar 2, so nothing happens.
- i = 4: The cell directly below bar 4 is (4,4), which is not occupied by any other bar, so bar 4 moves down by one cell.



At times t = 2.5, 3.5, \dots, there is no bar such that the cells directly below it are all unoccupied, so nothing happens. Thus, the grid at time t = 10^{100} is the same as at t = 2 (the rightmost diagram above).
Therefore, R'_1 = 2, R'_2 = 4, R'_3 = 3, R'_4 = 4.

Sample Input 2

382 382 3
3 3 3
8 8 8
2 2 2

Sample Output 2

382
382
381

Sample Input 3

5 10 8
2 2 1
4 3 1
4 8 2
1 2 2
2 5 3
5 4 3
4 5 2
1 5 2

Sample Output 3

5
5
5
4
3
5
4
2

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to understand the problem. There is a grid H rows, W columns. N horizontal bars, each bar i occupies a contiguous segment of length L_i on a single row, initially at row R_i, columns from C_i to C_i+L_i-1. Bars cannot overlap initially. At each half-integer time step (t = 0.5, 1.5, 2.5, ...), we process bars in order i=1..N. For each bar i, if it is not at bottom row (row H) and all cells directly below its current cells are empty (i.e., not occupied by any bar at that moment), then it moves down by one row. The bars are processed sequentially, so the movement of earlier bars can affect later bars in the same time step. This is important.

We need to compute final positions after a very long time (t = 10^100). Essentially, bars will fall down until they are blocked either by the bottom row or by other bars that are below them. But because bars can move in sequence, the order matters. However, after enough time, no bar can move further, i.e., a stable configuration. We need to compute final rows R'_i.

We can think of this as a simulation of falling blocks with sequential updates. But H, W, N up to 2e5, so we need an efficient algorithm, likely O(N log N) or similar.

Observations: Bars are horizontal segments. They only move downward. The only blocking condition is that all cells directly below the bar must be empty. So a bar can be blocked if any cell below it is occupied by another bar (or the bottom row). Since bars are horizontal, they can be blocked by bars that are below them, but note that bars can also be blocked by bars that are originally above them but have moved down and now occupy cells below? But because bars only move down, a bar can only move into rows lower than its current row. So if two bars are on the same column range, they could potentially collide if one falls onto the other. However, initial state has no overlap. As they fall, they might come into contact. But the rule: a bar moves down only if all cells directly below are empty. So if a bar is directly above another bar (i.e., the row below has a bar occupying some of those columns), it cannot move. So bars will stack: a bar can rest on top of another bar if they overlap in columns. But note that bars are processed in order; a bar that moves down earlier might free up space for a bar above it? Actually, moving down can only occupy new cells, not free up cells. However, moving down could cause a bar to vacate its previous row, which might allow a bar above to move down later in the same time step? But careful: The movement occurs at half-integer times, and we process bars sequentially. When bar i moves down, it leaves its previous row cells empty. That could allow a bar j (with j > i) that is above the old position of bar i to move down later in the same time step, because the cells directly below that bar j might become empty (since bar i moved away). But note that bar i moved down, so it now occupies the row below. If bar j is above the row that bar i just vacated, then the cells directly below bar j might be in the row that bar i just left (now empty) or the row that bar i now occupies? Let's think: Suppose bar i originally at row r, moves down to r+1. Bar j is at row r-1, and its columns overlap with bar i's columns. Initially, at the start of the time step, the cells directly below bar j are row r, which were occupied by bar i, so bar j cannot move. After bar i moves down, row r becomes empty (since bar i left), but row r+1 is now occupied by bar i. However, bar j's directly below cells are row r, not row r+1. So after bar i moves, the cells below bar j become empty (since row r is now empty). So bar j could then move down later in the same time step (if j > i). This is allowed because we process in order i=1..N, and bar j's condition is checked after bar i has moved. So indeed, a bar can move down in the same time step after a bar below it moved away. This can cause cascading falls within a single time step.

But note that bars only move down by one row per time step. However, because of sequential processing, a bar could potentially move down multiple rows in a single time step if there is a chain? Let's examine: At t=0.5, we process i=1..N. Each bar moves at most once (since after moving, we don't check again in the same time step). So a bar can only move down by at most one row per time step. However, if a bar moves down, it might enable a bar above to move down in the same time step, but that bar will also only move one row. So after one time step, each bar has moved at most one row. Over many time steps, they can fall further.

But the key is that the process is deterministic and eventually reaches a fixed point where no bar can move. We need to compute that fixed point efficiently.

We can think of this as a kind of "falling blocks" with ordering constraints. Since bars only move down, the final row of each bar is determined by the highest obstacle below it (either the bottom row or other bars) that prevents it from falling further. However, because bars can be supported by multiple bars below, and because bars can be of different lengths, the final configuration might be such that bars rest on top of each other, forming stacks.

But note: The sequential processing order (1..N) could affect the final outcome? Let's test with small examples. Suppose two bars: bar 1 at row 1, columns 1-2; bar 2 at row 2, columns 1-2. Initially, bar 2 is directly below bar 1? Actually bar 2 at row 2 occupies the cells below bar 1? If bar 1 at row 1, then directly below are row 2, which is occupied by bar 2. So bar 1 cannot move. Bar 2 is at row 2; if H>2, bar 2 might move if below empty. But bar 1 is above. The order: at t=0.5, process bar 1: cannot move because below occupied by bar 2. Then bar 2: if below empty, it moves down to row 3. After bar 2 moves, bar 1 still cannot move this time step because we already processed bar 1. Next time step, at t=1.5, process bar 1: now below (row 2) is empty (since bar 2 moved to row 3), so bar 1 moves down to row 2. Then bar 2: maybe further moves if below empty. So eventually they will stack with bar 2 below bar 1? Actually after bar 2 moves down, bar 1 can fall onto the row that bar 2 vacated, but bar 2 is now lower. So final: bar 2 at bottom (or some row), bar 1 just above it. That seems natural.

Now consider if order was reversed: bar 1 is the lower one initially? But bars are numbered arbitrarily. The process always processes in order 1..N. So the order matters because a bar that moves earlier can affect later bars in the same time step. Could there be a scenario where the final positions depend on the order? Possibly, but since the process is deterministic given the order, we just need to compute the outcome for that order. But is the final configuration independent of order? Not necessarily, but we need to compute for the given order.

We need an efficient method.

Let's formalize: At each time step, we iterate i=1..N. For each bar i, we check if it can move down: its current row r_i, columns [c_i, c_i+L_i-1]. Condition: r_i < H and for all j in that column range, the cell (r_i+1, j) is empty (i.e., not occupied by any bar at that moment). If true, we move it down: r_i += 1.

We need to simulate until no moves happen. Since H up to 2e5, and N up to 2e5, naive simulation per step is too slow.

Observation: The process resembles a kind of "gravity" with sequential updates. Perhaps we can model it as each bar falling until it hits an obstacle, but the obstacles themselves may move. However, because bars only move down, the relative vertical order of bars that overlap in columns might be preserved? Not exactly, because a bar could pass through another if the lower one moves away first? But they can't pass through each other because they are solid and occupy cells. If two bars overlap in columns, they cannot occupy the same cell. Could a bar ever end up below a bar that was originally above it? Yes, as in the example: bar 2 originally at row 2, bar 1 at row 1. After bar 2 moves down, bar 1 moves down, so bar 1 ends up at row 2, bar 2 at row 3. So bar 1 is above bar 2, same relative order as initially? Initially bar 1 above bar 2? Actually initially bar 1 row1, bar2 row2, so bar1 above bar2. After, bar1 row2, bar2 row3, still bar1 above bar2. So relative order among overlapping bars might be preserved? Let's test a scenario where they cross: Suppose bar A at row 1, columns 1-2; bar B at row 3, columns 1-2. There is a gap. Bar B can fall first if below empty, but bar A cannot fall because below occupied? Actually below bar A is row2, which is empty initially. So bar A could fall at t=0.5 if processed before bar B? But bar B is at row3, not directly below bar A. So bar A can fall to row2. Then bar B can fall to row4 if possible. They don't cross. To have crossing, we need bars that are not initially overlapping but one could move into the column range of another and then the other moves? But crossing would mean that a bar originally higher ends up lower than a bar originally lower, i.e., they swap vertical order. Is that possible? Consider bar 1 at row1, columns 1-1 (single cell). Bar 2 at row2, columns 2-2 (different columns). They don't overlap, so they don't block each other. They can fall independently. They could end up with bar1 at row3, bar2 at row2? That would be bar1 below bar2, but originally bar1 above bar2. Is that possible? Let's simulate: Initially: bar1 at (1,1), bar2 at (2,2). At t=0.5, process bar1: below (2,1) is empty (since bar2 at (2,2) not column1), so bar1 moves to (2,1). Now bar1 at row2 col1. bar2: below (3,2) empty, so bar2 moves to (3,2). After this step, bar1 row2, bar2 row3. So bar1 still above bar2? Actually row2 < row3, so bar1 above bar2. Not crossing.

To get crossing, we need bar1 to move down more than bar2, so bar1 ends up lower. But bar1 can only move down if below empty. If bar2 is in a different column, they don't block each other, so both can fall freely. However, the bottom row may stop them. But if H is large, they could fall many rows. But they fall at same rate? At each time step, each bar can move at most one row. So if they both can move every step, they will stay at same relative vertical distance? Initially bar1 at row1, bar2 at row2, difference 1. After each step, if both move, bar1 goes to row2, bar2 to row3, difference still 1. So bar1 remains above bar2. If bar2 gets blocked earlier, bar1 could catch up? Suppose bar2 hits bottom at row H, then bar1 continues falling until it lands on top of bar2? But bar1 is in column1, bar2 column2, they don't overlap, so bar1 can fall to bottom as well, ending at row H, same row as bar2? That would be same row, but not crossing (they are on different columns). Crossing would require bar1 to be in a row below bar2 while overlapping columns. For overlapping columns, they cannot occupy same row because they'd overlap cells. So if they overlap in columns, they cannot be in same row. Could bar1 end up below bar2 if they overlap? Suppose bar1 at row1, columns 1-2; bar2 at row3, columns 1-2. Initially bar2 is below bar1. For bar1 to end up below bar2, bar1 would have to pass bar2. But to pass, they would need to occupy the same row at some point, which is impossible because they'd overlap. So they cannot cross. Therefore, for any pair of bars that have overlapping columns, their relative vertical order is preserved throughout the process: the one initially higher (smaller row) will always remain above the one initially lower (larger row). Because they cannot swap without occupying same row or crossing, which is impossible due to blocking. Let's prove: Suppose two bars A and B with overlapping columns. Initially, let r_A < r_B. At any time, they occupy distinct rows because they cannot overlap. Could we ever have r_A > r_B? That would mean A is below B. To get there, there must be a time when they are at the same row, because they move one row at a time and cannot jump over each other. But they cannot be at same row because they'd overlap. So indeed, relative order is preserved. This is a key invariant.

Thus, for bars that overlap in columns, they form a partial order: if they overlap, the one with smaller initial row will always be above the one with larger initial row. This suggests that the final configuration can be thought of as each bar falling until it lands on either the bottom or on top of the highest bar below it that overlaps with it (since that bar will block it). But careful: Because bars can be supported by multiple bars below, but if there is any bar below that overlaps, it will block at the row just above that bar's top? Actually, if bar A is above bar B and they overlap, then A cannot move past B because B occupies cells directly below A (at least some of them). So A will eventually come to rest on top of B, meaning A's bottom row will be exactly one row above B's top row? But bars are 1-cell thick vertically, so they occupy a single row. So if A is above B, A occupies row r_A, B occupies row r_B, with r_A < r_B. For A to be blocked by B, we need that at some point, when A tries to move down, the cells directly below A (row r_A+1) are occupied by B (at least some columns). That would happen when r_A+1 = r_B and the columns overlap. So A will stop when it is directly above B (i.e., r_A = r_B - 1) and the overlapping columns cause blockage. If there is a gap (r_A+1 < r_B), then A can continue falling until it reaches r_B-1. So final position of A will be such that either it reaches bottom row H, or it sits just above some bar B that overlaps with it and is directly below it (i.e., r_A = r_B - 1). But there could be multiple bars below that overlap, but the highest one that overlaps will be the one that blocks A first. Since relative order is preserved, the bars below A that overlap are those with initial rows > r_A and overlapping columns. Among those, the one with smallest row (i.e., the closest below) will be the first obstacle. So A will fall until it is just above that bar (or bottom). However, note that those lower bars themselves may fall further, so the obstacle might move down. But because A is above them, as they fall, A can also fall, maintaining the relative order. In the end, all bars will settle such that for each bar, either it is at bottom, or there is some bar directly below it (overlapping) that prevents it from moving further. And that bar directly below it will be at row r_A+1. So the final configuration is a kind of stacking: bars form columns of overlapping segments, stacked vertically.

But careful: A bar could be supported by multiple bars below that are not directly adjacent? For it to be blocked, all cells directly below must be occupied. If there are gaps (some columns empty below), then it could fall further. So for a bar to be blocked at a certain row, for every column in its segment, the cell directly below must be occupied by some bar. That means that the union of bars directly below must cover the entire segment. It could be covered by multiple bars, each covering a part. For example, bar A covers columns 1-3. Below, there could be bar B covering columns 1-2 at row r+1, and bar C covering column 3 at row r+1. Then A would be blocked because all cells below are occupied (by B and C). So A can be supported by multiple bars that together cover its footprint. Also, those supporting bars might be at the same row (r+1) or could be at different rows? But for the cell directly below to be occupied, it must be occupied at row r+1. If a bar is at row r+2, it does not occupy row r+1. So only bars at row r+1 can block A. So the supporting bars must be exactly one row below A. Thus, in the final configuration, for each bar that is not at bottom, there must be a set of bars at row r+1 that together cover its entire segment.

This suggests a kind of "falling" process where bars drop until they land on a "floor" composed of either the bottom row or a set of bars that are already settled (i.e., cannot move further). Because bars only move down, we can think of processing from bottom up: determine final rows by considering which bars end up supporting others.

Another perspective: This is similar to the game of Tetris with horizontal pieces falling sequentially (but here all pieces fall simultaneously in a synchronized way with ordering). However, the sequential processing within each time step might cause some bars to fall in a different order than a simple "all fall simultaneously" simulation. But maybe the final configuration is equivalent to processing bars in order of increasing initial row? Or maybe it's equivalent to a kind of "gravity" where each bar falls as far as possible given the final positions of bars that are below it (with overlapping columns). Since relative order among overlapping bars is preserved, we can think of the bars as forming a DAG: if bar i and bar j overlap and i is initially above j (R_i < R_j), then i must end above j. So we can compute final rows by considering bars from bottom to top: the lowest bars (with highest initial rows) will fall to the bottom unless blocked by other bars below them? But they are the lowest initially, so there may be no bars below them that overlap. However, they could be blocked by bars that are initially above them but later fall? No, because those are above, they cannot block from below. So the lowest bars (with largest R_i) can fall freely until they hit bottom or until they are blocked by bars that are below them? But there are none initially below. However, could a bar that is initially above end up below a lower bar? No, as argued, relative order preserved for overlapping bars. So if a bar is initially the lowest among those overlapping a certain column range, it will remain the lowest. Therefore, it can fall all the way to the bottom unless it gets blocked by the bottom row. But wait, what about bars that are not overlapping? They don't affect each other. So the lowest bars in each column region can fall to bottom.

But consider a scenario: Bar A at row 5, columns 1-3; Bar B at row 6, columns 2-4. They overlap on columns 2-3. Initially, A is above B? Actually row5 < row6, so A above B. So B is lower. B can fall freely if below empty. But A is above B, and they overlap. As B falls, A can also fall, but A must stay above B. So eventually, B will hit bottom (row H) or some obstacle, and A will land on top of B (or on top of other bars). So indeed, the lowest bars in each overlapping group determine the base.

Thus, we can think of the process as: bars fall under gravity, but they cannot pass through each other. The sequential processing order might affect the timing but not the final stable configuration? Let's test with a case where order might matter. Consider three bars: Bar1 (row1, col1-2), Bar2 (row2, col1-2), Bar3 (row3, col1-2). They all overlap. According to relative order preservation, final order must be Bar1 above Bar2 above Bar3. They will stack. The bottom bar (Bar3) will fall to bottom (or as far as possible). Bar2 will land on top of Bar3, Bar1 on top of Bar2. The final rows: if H is large enough, Bar3 at H, Bar2 at H-1, Bar1 at H-2. That seems independent of processing order. But could the sequential processing cause a different arrangement? Suppose H=3. Initially: Bar1 row1, Bar2 row2, Bar3 row3. At t=0.5: process Bar1: below row2 occupied by Bar2, cannot move. Bar2: below row3 occupied by Bar3, cannot move. Bar3: below row4? H=3, so row4 doesn't exist, so Bar3 at bottom, cannot move. So no moves. Final rows: 1,2,3. That's stacking but not all at bottom. If H=4: Initially rows 1,2,3. At t=0.5: Bar1 can't move (below Bar2), Bar2 can't move (below Bar3), Bar3: below row4 empty, so Bar3 moves to row4. Then Bar1, Bar2 still can't move. At t=1.5: Bar1: below row2 now empty? Wait after Bar3 moved, row3 is empty? Bar3 moved from row3 to row4, so row3 becomes empty. But Bar2 is still at row2. So Bar1: below row2 occupied by Bar2, cannot move. Bar2: below row3 empty (since Bar3 left row3), so Bar2 moves to row3. Then Bar1: below row2 now empty? Actually Bar2 moved from row2 to row3, so row2 becomes empty. But we already processed Bar1 earlier in this time step? The order is Bar1 then Bar2 then Bar3. At t=1.5, we process Bar1 first: at that moment, Bar2 is still at row2 (since we haven't processed Bar2 yet). So Bar1 sees below row2 occupied by Bar2, cannot move. Then Bar2 moves to row3. Then Bar3 is at row4, cannot move. So after t=1.5, Bar1 row1, Bar2 row3, Bar3 row4. At t=2.5: Bar1: below row2 empty (Bar2 now at row3), so Bar1 moves to row2. Bar2: below row4? row4 occupied by Bar3, cannot move. Bar3: bottom. So final: Bar1 row2, Bar2 row3, Bar3 row4. That's stacking with Bar1 above Bar2 above Bar3. So final rows: 2,3,4. That matches the idea: Bar3 at bottom (row4), Bar2 just above (row3), Bar1 just above (row2). So indeed final rows are determined by stacking order.

Now, could there be a scenario where the order of processing affects which bar ends up supporting which? Consider bars that do not overlap initially but later come into overlap as they fall? Is that possible? Bars are horizontal and only move down, so their column ranges are fixed (C_i and L_i constant). So a bar's column range never changes. Therefore, if two bars do not overlap initially (their column intervals are disjoint), they will never overlap because they stay in same columns. So they never interact. So interactions only occur between bars with overlapping intervals.

Thus, the set of bars can be partitioned into groups based on column overlap? But overlap is not transitive? Actually, if bar A overlaps bar B, and bar B overlaps bar C, but A and C may not overlap directly. However, they could still interact indirectly because B could be below both and support both? But for A to be blocked by C, they would need to be in the same row or one directly above the other. Since A and C don't overlap, they don't block each other directly. But they could both be supported by B? For A to be blocked at some row, it needs coverage of its entire segment by bars directly below. If B covers part of A, and C covers another part, and B and C are at the same row (directly below A), then A could be blocked by the combination of B and C. However, B and C might not overlap each other, but they could be at the same row. So interactions can involve multiple bars that are not directly overlapping with each other but collectively cover a bar above. So the dependency graph is more complex.

Nevertheless, the relative order among bars that overlap is preserved. For bars that do not overlap, they are independent.

Now, the sequential processing order (1..N) could affect the final configuration when there are multiple bars that could potentially support a given bar, and the order determines which ones end up directly below. But is that possible? Let's try to construct a case where two bars B and C are both below A (initially) and together cover A's segment, but they are at different rows initially. As they fall, they might end up at different rows. The final configuration must satisfy that A is blocked by some set of bars at row r_A+1 that cover its segment. The bars that end up directly below A could be either B or C or both, depending on how they fall. The processing order might influence which bars end up at the row directly below A.

Consider: A at row1, columns 1-2. B at row2, column1 only (L=1). C at row3, column2 only (L=1). Initially, A above B and C. B and C do not overlap each other. A overlaps both B and C? A covers columns1-2, so overlaps B (col1) and C (col2). So A is above both. B is at row2, C at row3. So initially, A cannot move because below row2, column1 occupied by B, column2? At row2, column2 is empty (since C is at row3). So not all cells below are occupied, so A could move? Wait condition: A can move only if all cells directly below are empty. At t=0, below A are (2,1) occupied by B, and (2,2) empty. So not all empty, so A cannot move. So A is blocked by B partially, but not fully. So A cannot move until the cell (2,2) becomes empty? Actually it needs all below empty to move. Since (2,2) is empty, that's fine? Wait condition: "none of the cells directly below the cells occupied by bar i is occupied by any bar". That means all cells directly below must be empty. If any is occupied, bar cannot move. So if there is at least one occupied cell below, it cannot move. So A cannot move because (2,1) is occupied. So A is stuck until B moves away? But B is below A; if B moves down, then (2,1) becomes empty, and then A could move (provided (2,2) also empty). So A's movement depends on B moving first. C is lower, but doesn't affect A directly because it's not directly below (it's at row3). So the process: At t=0.5, process bars in order. Suppose order: A is bar1, B is bar2, C is bar3. Process A: cannot move (below occupied by B). Process B: check below B: (3,1) is empty? C is at (3,2), so (3,1) empty. Also B is not at bottom if H>3. So B can move down to row3? But wait, B moving down would go to row3, column1. However, C is at row3, column2, so no conflict. So B moves to row3. Now B at row3 col1. Process C: below C: (4,2) if H>4 maybe empty, so C could move. But after B moved, A still hasn't moved this step. Next time step, at t=1.5: Process A: now below A are (2,1) empty (since B moved to row3), (2,2) empty. So A can move to row2. Process B: now B at row3, below maybe empty, could move further. Process C: etc. So eventually, A will fall and might land on top of B and C? Let's simulate with H large, say H=5. Initial: A1, B2, C3. t0.5: A no, B moves to 3, C moves to 4 (if possible). After t0.5: A1, B3, C4. t1.5: A moves to 2 (since below empty), B: below (4,1) empty? C at (4,2) so (4,1) empty, so B moves to 4, C: below (5,2) empty? H=5, so row5 exists, so C moves to 5. After t1.5: A2, B4, C5. t2.5: A: below (3,1) empty? B at 4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty? C at5, so (3,2) empty. So A moves to 3. B: below (5,1) empty? C at5 col2, so (5,1) empty, B moves to 5? But C at5 col2, B at5 col1 would be okay if not overlapping? They are different columns, so B can move to 5. However, row5 is bottom? H=5, so row5 is bottom, B cannot move because r=4, moving to 5 is allowed if below empty and not bottom? Actually condition: if bar is not on bottom row (H-th row) and cells below empty, then move. At row4, not bottom, below row5 is bottom row? Wait bottom row is row5. The condition is: if bar i is not on the bottom row (the H-th row), and none of the cells directly below is occupied, then move. It doesn't require that the row below is not bottom; it just requires that the cells directly below are not occupied. So if row5 is bottom, moving to row5 is allowed because the bar would then be on the bottom row. So B can move to row5 if (5,1) empty. (5,1) is empty (C at (5,2)), so B moves to row5. C: at row5, bottom, cannot move. After t2.5: A3, B5, C5? Wait B moved to row5 col1, C at row5 col2. They are on same row but different columns, that's allowed (no overlap). So final: A3, B5, C5. But note A at row3, below row4: (4,1) empty? B at5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty? C at5, so (4,2) empty. So A could move further? At t3.5: A: below (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty, and row4 < H, so A moves to row4. Then A at row4. Next t4.5: A: below (5,1) occupied by B? (5,1) is B, (5,2) is C. So both occupied, so A cannot move. So final: A4, B5, C5. That is A directly above B and C? Actually A at row4, B and C at row5, so A is directly above both (since row4+1=5). And A's segment columns1-2 is fully covered by B (col1) and C (col2) at row5. So A is supported by B and C together. So final rows: A=4, B=5, C=5.

Now, what if the processing order was different? Suppose the bars are numbered such that B is processed before A? But the order is fixed as 1..N. In our example, we had A=1, B=2, C=3. If we reorder so that B=1, A=2, C=3, would the final configuration change? Let's simulate with same initial positions: A row1 col1-2, B row2 col1, C row3 col2. But now bar numbers: 1: B, 2: A, 3: C. At t0.5: Process B: below (3,1) empty? C at (3,2) so (3,1) empty, B moves to row3. Process A: now A at row1, below (2,1) was originally B but B moved to row3, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty, so A moves to row2. Process C: below (4,2) empty, moves to row4. After t0.5: A2, B3, C4. t1.5: Process B: below (4,1) empty? C at4 col2, so (4,1) empty, B moves to row4. Process A: below (3,1) now? B moved to row4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty? C at4, so (3,2) empty, A moves to row3. Process C: below (5,2) empty, moves to row5. After: A3, B4, C5. t2.5: Process B: below (5,1) empty? C at5 col2, so (5,1) empty, B moves to row5. Process A: below (4,1) now? B moved to row5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty? C at5, so (4,2) empty, A moves to row4. Process C: bottom, no move. After: A4, B5, C5. t3.5: Process B: bottom, no. Process A: below (5,1) occupied by B, (5,2) occupied by C, so cannot move. So final same: A4, B5, C5. So order didn't change final.

What about a more complex scenario where two bars are competing to be the support? Could the order affect which bar ends up directly below a given bar? For a bar A, the bars that end up directly below it (at row r_A+1) must cover its segment. There might be multiple ways to cover the segment with available bars. However, the process might be deterministic and result in a unique final configuration given the initial positions and the processing order. But is it possible that the final configuration depends on the order? Let's try to think of a case where a bar could be supported either by a single bar that covers its whole segment, or by a combination of two bars. The decision of which bars end up directly below might be influenced by the order in which they fall. For example, suppose we have A (row1, cols1-2), B (row2, cols1-2), C (row2, cols1-1) and D (row2, cols2-2) but they can't both be at row2 initially because they'd overlap. So we need a scenario where initially there are two bars below A that are at different rows, and as they fall, one might get under A earlier and block it, preventing the other from moving into position directly below A. Let's design: A at row1, cols1-2. B at row2, col1 only (L=1). C at row3, col2 only (L=1). Also maybe another bar D at row4, col1-2? Not sure.

We already saw that with B and C, final had A supported by both B and C at row5 (if H large). But could A end up supported only by B, with C somewhere else? For A to be supported only by B, B would need to cover both columns1-2, but B only covers col1. So not possible. So A must be supported by both B and C to cover its segment. So the combination is forced.

What about a case where there are two bars that both cover the entire segment of A? For instance, A at row1, cols1-2. B at row2, cols1-2 (full cover). C at row3, cols1-2 (also full cover). Then A could be supported by either B or C, but relative order: A above B above C. Since B is directly below A initially, A cannot move until B moves. B can move down if below empty. As B moves down, A can follow. Eventually, B will land on C or bottom, and A will land on B. So A will be supported by B, not C, because B is the immediate lower bar. That seems deterministic regardless of order. Could C ever end up directly below A? That would require B to move out of the way, but B is between A and C. For C to be directly below A, B would have to move aside, but B occupies columns1-2, same as A and C. Since they all overlap, B cannot move past A or C. B is between them, so it will always stay between. So A always above B above C. So final: A on B, B on C or bottom. So support is determined by the relative order.

Thus, it appears that the final configuration is uniquely determined by the initial positions and the rule of gravity with the invariant that overlapping bars preserve order. The sequential processing order might only affect the speed but not the final stable state. I suspect that the final rows are independent of the processing order. Let's test with a more tricky case: bars that do not overlap initially but later could become overlapping? As argued, column ranges are fixed, so if they don't overlap initially, they never will. So no.

What about bars that are initially at the same row? The problem guarantees no cell occupied by two bars, so they cannot overlap in cells. They could be on the same row if their column intervals are disjoint. In that case, they don't interact. So fine.

Thus, we can likely compute final rows by a kind of "fall until hit obstacle" simulation, but we need to account for the fact that obstacles (other bars) also fall. This is reminiscent of the problem of falling blocks where each block falls as far as possible given the final positions of blocks below it. Since the process is monotonic (bars only move down), we can compute final rows from bottom to top: for each bar, its final row is the minimum row it can reach given that it must stay above any bar that overlaps with it and is initially below it, and also above the bottom. But because those lower bars also fall, we need to know their final rows first.

So we can sort bars by initial row descending (from bottom to top), and for each bar, determine the highest row it can occupy such that it is above all bars that overlap with it and have already been placed (i.e., those with larger initial row). But careful: The relative order must be preserved, but also a bar cannot be at a row where the cells directly below are not fully occupied by some bars (or bottom) at the final state. However, if we place bars from bottom up, we can ensure that when we place a bar, the row directly below it is either bottom or occupied by some bars that we have already placed (since they are lower). But we must ensure that the bar's entire segment is supported by the bars directly below (or bottom). That is, for the bar to be stable at row r, we need that for every column in its segment, the cell (r+1, col) is either the bottom row (i.e., r+1 > H? Actually bottom row is H, so if r = H, then it's at bottom, no need for support) or occupied by some bar that we have placed (with final row = r+1) and that bar's segment covers that column. Also, those supporting bars must be at row r+1 exactly, not lower. So when we place a bar at row r, we need to know which bars will be at row r+1 covering its columns. But we are placing from bottom up, so when we place a bar, we haven't yet placed bars above it. The bars that will be directly below it are those with final row = r+1 that overlap its columns. But we may not have determined which bars end up at row r+1 yet if we are going bottom-up? Actually bottom-up: we start with the lowest bars (largest initial row). For those, they will fall to the bottom unless blocked by other bars below them. But there are no bars below them initially (since they are the lowest). However, they could be blocked by bars that are initially above them but later fall? No, because those are above, they cannot block from below. So the lowest bars can fall freely until they hit bottom. But wait, could a lower bar be blocked by a bar that is initially above it but later falls and ends up below it? That would violate relative order, as argued impossible if they overlap. If they don't overlap, they don't block. So the lowest bars are unobstructed from below. Therefore, they will fall to the bottom row H, unless they are already at H. So for bars that are the lowest among those overlapping a given column, they will end at H. But what about bars that are not the lowest? They will land on top of the bars that are directly below them (which may be a combination). So we can compute final rows by processing bars in decreasing order of initial row, and for each bar, we need to find the highest row r such that r is less than the rows of all bars that overlap with it and have larger initial row (i.e., are below it) and also such that the row directly below r is fully covered by those bars (or bottom). But since those bars are already placed (we process from bottom up), we can compute the "ground level" for each column: the highest occupied row in that column by bars that have been placed (i.e., the top of the stack so far). Then a new bar can be placed at row = min over its columns of (ground[col] - 1)? Actually, to place a bar, it must sit on top of the existing stacks. Since bars are horizontal and occupy a single row, they need a continuous support: for each column in its segment, the cell directly below must be occupied (or bottom). That means the bar can be placed at row r if for every column in its segment, the current "ground" (i.e., the highest occupied row in that column) is exactly r+1? Or at least r+1? Let's define for each column, the current topmost occupied row (i.e., the row of the highest bar that covers that column among those already placed). Since we are placing from bottom up, when we place a new bar, we want it to be above all existing bars. The new bar will occupy a row r. For it to be stable, the cells directly below (r+1) must be occupied. That means for each column in its segment, there must be some bar already placed at row r+1 covering that column. But if there is a gap (i.e., no bar at r+1 covering that column), then the bar would fall further. So the bar must be placed at a row such that the support is exactly one row below. However, what if the support is at a lower row, say r+2? Then the bar could fall down to r+1 because the cells at r+1 are empty. So the bar would not stay at r; it would fall until it meets support. So the only stable position is where the bar is directly on top of the support (i.e., the support is at row r+1). Therefore, when placing a new bar, we need to find the maximum r such that for all columns in its segment, the current top occupied row in that column is exactly r+1? Actually, the current top occupied row might be higher than r+1 if we have already placed bars above? But we are placing from bottom up, so we haven't placed any bars above yet. The existing bars are all below the new bar (since we process in decreasing initial row, meaning we start with the lowest bars, then move to higher ones). So the existing bars are all at rows less than or equal to some value? Actually, if we process from bottom up, we first place bars that are initially lowest. They will end at some rows (likely near bottom). Then we place bars that are initially higher. These higher bars must end up above the already placed bars. So the existing bars are all below the new bar. The new bar will be placed at some row r that is greater than all existing rows? Not necessarily; it could be placed at a row that is between existing bars if there is a gap? But since existing bars are below, the new bar must be above them. So r must be greater than the maximum row of any existing bar that overlaps its columns? Actually, it must be above all overlapping existing bars, but it could be directly above some of them. The support condition requires that for each column, the cell directly below r is occupied. That means for each column, there must be an existing bar at row r+1 covering that column. So r+1 must be a row where some existing bar covers that column. Since existing bars are below, r+1 must be exactly the top of the stack in that column. In other words, for each column, let top[col] be the highest row among placed bars that cover column col. Then for a new bar to be placed, it must be that for all columns in its segment, top[col] is the same value? Not necessarily the same across columns, because the bar is a single row; it needs support at row r+1 in each column. That means for each column, there must be a bar at row r+1 covering that column. But top[col] might be different across columns. However, if top[col] differs, then there is no single r such that r+1 equals top[col] for all columns. But the bar could be supported by multiple bars at row r+1, each covering a subset of columns. So it's possible that top[col] varies, but there could be bars at row r+1 covering those columns even if top[col] > r+1? Actually top[col] is the highest occupied row in that column. If there is a bar at row r+1 covering column col, then top[col] >= r+1. But if there is also a bar at a higher row (say r+2) covering the same column, that would mean there is a bar above the support, which would be above the new bar? But we are placing from bottom up, so we haven't placed bars above yet. So top[col] should be exactly the row of the highest placed bar in that column. Since we haven't placed any bars above the new one, top[col] is the row of the topmost bar in that column among those already placed. For the new bar to be supported at row r+1, we need that for each column, there is a bar at row r+1 covering it. That implies that top[col] must be at least r+1, but could be greater if there is a bar above r+1? But we haven't placed any bars above r+1 yet, so top[col] cannot be greater than r+1 because the only bars placed are below the new bar. Actually, the new bar will be placed at row r, which is above all existing bars. So all existing bars have rows <= some value less than r. The highest existing row in a column could be less than r. For the support condition, we need that for each column, there is a bar at row r+1. But r+1 > r, so r+1 is above the new bar? Wait, the new bar is at row r. The support is directly below, at row r+1. That row is below the new bar, so it must be occupied by existing bars (since they are below). So r+1 must be less than r? No, row numbers increase downwards? Typically row 1 is top, row H is bottom. So moving down increases row number. So if a bar is at row r, the cell directly below is row r+1 (if r < H). So support is at a larger row number (lower). So existing bars are at rows greater than or equal to r+1? Actually, if we are placing from bottom up, we start with bars that end up near the bottom (large row numbers). Then we place bars above them (smaller row numbers). So when placing a new bar, the existing bars have row numbers larger than the new bar's row (since they are below). So r is smaller than the rows of existing bars. For support, we need that for each column, there is an existing bar at row r+1. Since r+1 is larger than r, it could be among the existing bars (which have rows >= something). So we need that the existing bars include a bar at exactly row r+1 covering that column. But existing bars might have rows greater than r+1 as well. However, if there is a bar at row r+2 covering a column, that doesn't help support at row r+1 because the cell at r+1 is empty. So we need that for each column, the highest existing bar that covers that column is at row r+1? Not necessarily the highest; we need that there is a bar at row r+1. It could be that there is a bar at row r+2 and also a bar at row r+1? But if there is a bar at row r+2, then the column has a bar at r+2, but the cell at r+1 might be empty. So to have support at r+1, we need a bar at r+1. So the existing bars must include a bar at row r+1 covering that column. So when we place a new bar, we need to choose r such that for all columns in its segment, there exists an already placed bar at row r+1 covering that column. Moreover, there should be no bar at a row between r+1 and something? Actually, if there is a bar at row r+1 covering a column, that's fine even if there is also a bar at row r+2 covering the same column; but then the bar at r+2 is below the support, which is okay as long as the support exists. However, would the bar at r+2 affect the ability of the bar at r+1 to exist? It could, but if we already have both, that's fine. But when placing from bottom up, we might have placed a bar at row r+2 earlier, and then later we place a bar at row r+1. That is possible: a bar could be placed at a higher row (smaller number) after a lower bar (larger number) has been placed. So the order of placement (by initial row descending) might not correspond to final row descending; a bar with larger initial row could end up at a smaller final row? No, because relative order is preserved for overlapping bars, but for non-overlapping, they could be at any rows. However, if two bars overlap, the one with larger initial row must end with larger final row (i.e., lower). So when processing by decreasing initial row, we are processing from potentially lower bars to higher bars. But a bar with larger initial row might end up at a final row that is not necessarily the largest among all bars? Actually, if it's the lowest initially, it will likely end at the bottom (largest row). So its final row will be large. So processing by decreasing initial row means we process bars that will end up at larger rows first. That seems consistent: we place the bottom-most bars first, then bars above them.

Thus, we can adopt a sweep from bottom to top: sort bars by initial row descending (i.e., from lowest to highest). For each bar in that order, we determine its final row based on the current state of the grid (which columns are occupied up to which rows). But we need to support the condition that the bar must be placed such that the cells directly below are occupied. Since we are placing bars from bottom up, when we place a bar, we already have placed all bars that are below it (i.e., with larger final rows). However, we don't know their final rows yet? Actually, we are determining final rows as we go. So we can maintain a data structure that tells, for each column, the highest row that is currently occupied by a placed bar (i.e., the top of the stack in that column). But careful: The bar we are about to place must be above all existing bars. So its row r must be less than the minimum over its columns of the current top[col]? Not exactly. Let's think: If we have existing bars occupying some rows, the new bar must be placed above them, meaning its row r must be less than the rows of any existing bar that overlaps its columns? Actually, if there is an existing bar at row s covering column c, and we place a new bar at row r covering column c, we must have r < s (since new bar is above). So r must be less than the minimum over its columns of the top[col]? Because top[col] is the highest (i.e., largest row number) among existing bars in that column. Since we want the new bar to be above all existing bars, we need r < top[col] for each column in its segment. So r <= min(top[col]) - 1. But also, for stability, we need that the cells directly below r are occupied. That means for each column c, there must be an existing bar at row r+1 covering c. Since existing bars are at rows >= r+1? Actually, we need that there exists a bar at exactly r+1. But if top[col] is the highest row, it could be greater than r+1. For there to be a bar at r+1, we need that r+1 is among the rows of existing bars covering column c. However, we may not have placed a bar at r+1 if we only placed bars with larger rows. But we could have placed a bar at row r+1 earlier if its initial row was larger. So it's possible. So the condition is: for each column c in segment, there must be some placed bar with row = r+1 covering c. This is stronger than just r < top[col]. It requires that the set of rows occupied in column c includes r+1.

Thus, we need to know not just the top row, but the entire set of occupied rows in each column? That seems heavy.

But perhaps there is a simpler way: The final configuration is such that bars are stacked without gaps: if a bar is at row r, then for each column in its segment, the cell at row r+1 is occupied by some bar. This implies that the rows occupied by bars form a kind of "skyline" where each column has a contiguous block of occupied rows from some bottom row up to some top row, with no gaps. Because if there were a gap, a bar above the gap would fall. Let's reason: Suppose in a column, there is a bar at row 5 and another at row 7, but row 6 is empty. Could that happen in a stable configuration? Consider a bar at row 7 (lower) and a bar at row 5 (higher). The bar at row 5: the cell directly below is row 6, which is empty. So bar at row 5 would fall unless it is blocked by something else in other columns? But its own column's cell below is empty, so it would fall. Therefore, in a stable configuration, for any bar that is not at bottom, the cell directly below in each of its columns must be occupied. That means that if a column has a bar at row r, then either r = H (bottom) or there must be a bar at row r+1 covering that column. By induction, this implies that for each column, the set of rows occupied by bars is a contiguous interval from some row up to H? Not necessarily up to H, because there could be bars above that are not in that column. But consider a column c. Let S_c be the set of rows where some bar covers column c. In a stable configuration, if r in S_c and r < H, then r+1 must also be in S_c (because the bar at row r needs support below). Therefore, S_c is "downward closed": if a row is occupied, all rows below it up to H are also occupied? Not exactly: The condition only requires that for each bar, the row directly below is occupied. It does not require that if a row is occupied, the row below is occupied by the same bar or any bar? Actually, if there is a bar at row r covering column c, then the cell (r+1, c) must be occupied by some bar. That means r+1 is in S_c. By applying this recursively, we get that for any occupied row r, all rows from r+1 up to H must be occupied in column c? Let's check: Suppose we have a bar at row r covering c. Then r+1 must be occupied. Now consider the bar that occupies (r+1, c). That bar might not cover c? It must cover c because it occupies that cell. So that bar also covers c. Then for that bar, if r+1 < H, then (r+2, c) must be occupied. So by induction, all rows from r to H are occupied in column c. Therefore, in a stable configuration, for each column c, the occupied rows form a contiguous segment from some minimum row (the highest bar covering that column) down to H. That is, there are no gaps. This is a crucial property.

Let's verify with earlier example: A at row4, B at row5 col1, C at row5 col2. Column1: occupied rows: 5 (B) and 4? A covers col1? A covers cols1-2, so at row4, col1 is occupied by A. So column1 has rows 4 and 5 occupied, contiguous. Column2: rows 4 (A) and 5 (C) occupied, contiguous. So yes.

What about a column that is not covered by any bar? Then it's empty, fine.

Thus, the final configuration must satisfy that for each column, the set of rows occupied by bars is a suffix of rows from some row top_c down to H (i.e., all rows from top_c to H are occupied). top_c could be H+1 meaning no bar in that column (i.e., empty). Actually, if there is at least one bar covering column c, then there must be bars covering every row from that bar's row down to H. So the occupied rows are a contiguous block at the bottom of the column.

This property greatly simplifies the problem. It means that the final state is essentially determined by, for each column, the highest row that is occupied (the top of the stack). Then any bar must be placed such that its row is exactly the minimum over its columns of (top_c) - 1? Let's derive.

Define for each column c, let low_c be the lowest row that is occupied? Actually, since occupied rows are contiguous from some row T_c down to H, we can define the highest occupied row in column c as h_c (the smallest row number such that column c is occupied from h_c to H). If column c has no bars, we can set h_c = H+1 (meaning no occupation, and the "top" is above the grid). Then a bar that occupies columns [c1, c2] can only be placed at row r if for every column in that interval, h_c = r+1? Because the bar at row r would occupy those columns, and for stability, the cells directly below (r+1) must be occupied. Since the occupied rows are contiguous, if h_c is the highest occupied row, then the row directly below the bar must be exactly h_c. Because if h_c > r+1, that would mean there is a gap: rows from r+1 to h_c-1 are empty, contradicting the contiguity? Let's think: Suppose we have a bar at row r covering column c. Then we need (r+1, c) occupied. Since occupied rows are contiguous from some top down, if (r+1, c) is occupied, then the highest occupied row h_c must be <= r+1? Actually, if (r+1, c) is occupied, then h_c (the highest occupied row) could be less than or equal to r+1? Wait, highest occupied row is the smallest row number that is occupied. So if (r+1, c) is occupied, then h_c <= r+1. But could h_c be less than r+1? That would mean there is an occupied row above r+1, i.e., at some row < r+1. But then that row would be occupied, and since occupied rows are contiguous, all rows between that row and H are occupied, including r+1. That's fine. However, if h_c < r+1, then there is an occupied row above r+1, which would be above the bar at row r? But the bar at row r occupies row r, which is less than h_c? Actually, if h_c < r+1, then h_c <= r. Since h_c is the highest occupied row, it is the smallest row number occupied. If h_c <= r, then there is an occupied row at or above r. But the bar at row r occupies row r, so that's okay; but if there is an occupied row above r (i.e., row < r), that would be a bar above our bar. That's possible. But does that violate contiguity? Let's consider column c: occupied rows are from h_c to H. If h_c <= r, then row r is occupied (by our bar). That's consistent. For the support condition, we need row r+1 occupied. Since occupied rows are contiguous, if h_c <= r, then row r+1 is also occupied (because all rows from h_c to H are occupied). So the condition is automatically satisfied if h_c <= r. Wait, but if h_c <= r, then row r+1 is definitely occupied because the set is contiguous from h_c to H. So any bar placed at row r where r >= h_c would have support below automatically. However, can a bar be placed at row r where r > h_c? That would mean the bar is below the highest occupied row? But if h_c is the highest occupied row, then there is already a bar at row h_c covering column c. If we try to place another bar at row r > h_c, that would be lower, but then there would be two bars covering the same column at different rows. Is that allowed? They would be in the same column but different rows, and they don't overlap cells because rows differ. That's allowed as long as they don't overlap in cells (they are in different rows). However, would that configuration be stable? Suppose we have a bar at row h_c (higher) and another bar at row r > h_c (lower). The lower bar is below the higher bar. For the higher bar at row h_c, the cell directly below is h_c+1. If h_c+1 <= r, then that cell might be occupied by the lower bar if r = h_c+1, or empty if r > h_c+1. But if r > h_c+1, then there is a gap between h_c+1 and r-1 that is empty. Then the higher bar would fall because the cell directly below is empty. So for stability, if there is a bar at row h_c, then row h_c+1 must be occupied. Therefore, if we have a bar at row r > h_c, we must have that all rows between h_c and r are occupied. In particular, if we have a bar at row r, then for every row from h_c to r-1, there must be bars covering column c. That means the set of occupied rows must be contiguous. So if we have a bar at row r and also a bar at row h_c < r, then all intermediate rows must be occupied. So we cannot have a gap.

Thus, in the final configuration, for each column, the occupied rows form a contiguous segment from some top row T_c down to H. This implies that if we define for each column the highest occupied row (the top of the stack), then all rows below that are occupied. Therefore, any bar that covers a set of columns must be placed at a row r such that for each column c in its segment, the highest occupied row T_c satisfies T_c <= r+1? Actually, if a bar is at row r, then for each column c, since row r is occupied, we must have T_c <= r (because T_c is the highest occupied row, so it cannot be greater than r). Also, for support, we need row r+1 occupied, which means T_c <= r+1 (since if T_c <= r+1, then row r+1 is occupied because all rows from T_c down are occupied). But we also need that row r+1 is indeed occupied; if T_c <= r+1, then row r+1 is occupied only if r+1 >= T_c. Since T_c <= r+1, row r+1 is >= T_c, so it is in the occupied range. So condition is T_c <= r+1. But also, we must have that the bar does not overlap with existing bars: since we are placing bars from bottom up, we will ensure that r is greater than the current T_c? Actually, if we already have some bars placed, they occupy rows from T_c down to H. If we want to place a new bar above them, its row r must be less than T_c (since T_c is the highest occupied row currently). Because if r >= T_c, then it would be within the already occupied rows, causing overlap (since the column c already has a bar at row T_c, and if r = T_c, they'd overlap; if r > T_c, it would be below the highest, but then there would be a gap because rows between T_c and r-1 would be empty, violating contiguity). So when placing a new bar, we must have r < T_c for all columns c in its segment. And after placement, the new highest occupied row in those columns will become r (since r < T_c). And we must also ensure that after placement, the contiguity holds: i.e., for each column c, the new top becomes r, and we need that row r+1 is occupied. Since previously T_c was the top, and r < T_c, we have r+1 <= T_c. Since T_c <= r+1? Not necessarily. If r+1 < T_c, then after placing the bar at r, there would be a gap: rows r+1 to T_c-1 would be empty. That would violate contiguity because we would have occupied rows at r and at T_c, but not in between. Therefore, to maintain contiguity, we must have r+1 = T_c. In other words, the new bar must be placed exactly one row above the current top of the stack in each column it covers. And since the current top may differ across columns, for the bar to be placed, the current top must be the same across all columns in its segment? Because the bar occupies a single row r, and we need r+1 = T_c for each column c. Therefore, T_c must be equal for all c in the segment. Let's denote that common value as T. Then the bar can be placed at row r = T - 1. After placement, the new top for those columns becomes r = T-1, and contiguity holds because row r+1 = T is occupied (by existing bars), and rows below T are already occupied.

Thus, the final configuration must satisfy that for any bar, the columns it covers all have the same current top value (i.e., the highest occupied row) at the moment just before placing it, and the bar sits exactly one row above that common top. This suggests an algorithm: Process bars in order from bottom to top (i.e., by decreasing initial row, or more precisely, by the order they will end up in the final stack). For each bar, we need to find the current "ground level" for its columns, which is the minimum over its columns of the current top? Actually, from the reasoning, to place a bar, we need that the current top is the same across all its columns. If they are not the same, can we still place the bar? Suppose column c1 has top T1, column c2 has top T2, with T1 < T2. If we try to place a bar at row r, we need r < T1 and r < T2, and also r+1 must be occupied in both columns. For column c1, r+1 must be occupied. Since T1 is the highest occupied row, the occupied rows are from T1 down. For r+1 to be occupied, we need r+1 >= T1. But r < T1, so r+1 could be equal to T1 or greater. If r+1 > T1, then r+1 would be > T1, but rows above T1 are empty, so r+1 would not be occupied. Therefore, we must have r+1 = T1. Similarly, for column c2, we need r+1 = T2. But T1 != T2, so impossible. Therefore, the bar cannot be placed unless T1 = T2. So indeed, the tops must be equal.

Thus, the process of stacking bars is such that when we add a new bar, it must sit on a "flat" surface: the top heights of all columns in its interval must be equal. Then the bar is placed at height (that common top - 1), and after placement, the top for those columns becomes that new height (which is one less). This is reminiscent of the classic problem of falling blocks (like Tetris) where horizontal pieces fall and stack, and the final heights can be computed by considering the maximum height in the interval, etc. Actually, it's like we have a ground level for each column, initially H+1? Wait, think: At the beginning, before any bars are placed, what is the "top" for each column? There are no bars, so we can consider the ground as the bottom row H? But the support condition: a bar can be placed at row r if the cells directly below are occupied. If there are no bars, the only way a bar can be placed is if it sits on the bottom row? Actually, if there are no bars, a bar could fall to the bottom because the bottom row provides support? The bottom row is not a bar, but the condition for moving is that cells directly below are not occupied by any bar. At the bottom row, a bar cannot move because it's on the bottom row. In the final configuration, a bar at the bottom row H is stable because there is no row below. So the "support" for a bar at row H is the bottom itself, not another bar. So our model of "top" as the highest occupied row needs to account for the bottom as a kind of base. We can treat the bottom row as an implicit bar that occupies all columns at row H+1? Actually, to unify, we can consider that there is a virtual ground at row H+1 that is always occupied (like a floor). Then a bar can be placed at row r if the row r+1 is occupied (by either a real bar or the floor). And the floor is at row H+1? But rows only go up to H. Alternatively, we can define for each column a "height" representing the first empty row from the top? Let's define differently.

Let's define for each column c, let low_c be the lowest row that is empty? Hmm.

Better: We can think in terms of the final rows of bars. The property that occupied rows are contiguous from some top down to H means that for each column c, there is a value f_c which is the highest row occupied by a bar in that column (or H+1 if none). Then all rows from f_c to H are occupied. The bottom row H is occupied if f_c <= H. The floor is at H+1 implicitly. For a bar to be placed at row r, we need that for each column c in its segment, f_c = r+1. Because the row directly below must be occupied, and the highest occupied row is f_c, so the only way for row r+1 to be occupied is if f_c <= r+1. But since f_c is the highest occupied, if f_c < r+1, then rows between f_c and r+1-1 are empty, contradicting contiguity? Actually, if f_c < r+1, then row r+1 is above the highest occupied row, so it's empty. So we need f_c >= r+1. But also, r must be above the highest occupied row? If we are adding a bar above existing ones, we need r < f_c (since f_c is the highest occupied currently). So we have r < f_c and r+1 <= f_c. The only way to satisfy both is r+1 = f_c. Because if r+1 < f_c, then r+1 is less than f_c, meaning row r+1 is below the highest occupied row, so it is occupied (since all rows from f_c down are occupied). Wait, if f_c is the highest occupied row, then rows from f_c to H are occupied. If r+1 < f_c, then r+1 is above f_c? Actually, row numbers increase downwards. So if f_c is the highest occupied row (smallest row number), then any row with number less than f_c is above and empty. Any row with number greater than f_c is below and occupied. So if r+1 < f_c, then r+1 is above f_c, thus empty. If r+1 > f_c, then r+1 is below f_c, thus occupied. So condition for row r+1 to be occupied is r+1 > f_c. But we also need r < f_c to avoid overlap (since if r >= f_c, then r would be at or below the highest occupied row, causing overlap or gap). So we have r < f_c and r+1 > f_c. The only integer solution is r+1 = f_c + something? Let's solve: r < f_c and r+1 > f_c => r >= f_c? Because r+1 > f_c implies r >= f_c. Contradiction. Wait, let's be precise:

Let f_c be the smallest row number that is occupied in column c (i.e., the topmost bar). Then rows f_c, f_c+1, ..., H are occupied. Rows 1..f_c-1 are empty.

Now consider placing a new bar at row r that covers column c. We must have that after placement, the set remains contiguous. Before placement, column c has occupied rows from f_c to H. After placing a bar at row r, we will have occupied rows from min(r, f_c) to H, but we must ensure no gaps. For there to be no gap, we need that either r >= f_c (then the new bar is within the occupied block, but then it would overlap with existing bar at row f_c if r = f_c, or if r > f_c, then rows between f_c and r-1 are empty, causing a gap). So r cannot be > f_c. If r = f_c, overlap. So r must be < f_c. Then after placement, the new top becomes r, and we need that row r+1 is occupied. Since currently rows from f_c down are occupied, row r+1 will be occupied if r+1 >= f_c. Because if r+1 >= f_c, then r+1 is in the occupied range. Since r < f_c, r+1 could be equal to f_c or greater than f_c. If r+1 = f_c, then it's occupied (by the existing top bar). If r+1 > f_c, then it's also occupied (since rows below f_c are occupied). However, if r+1 > f_c, then there is a gap: rows from r+1 down to f_c? Actually, if r+1 > f_c, then the rows between f_c and r+1-1 are below f_c, so they are occupied. Wait, if r+1 > f_c, then r+1 is below f_c, meaning row numbers larger than f_c. Since rows from f_c to H are occupied, rows f_c+1, f_c+2,... are occupied. So if r+1 > f_c, then r+1 is occupied, but what about the row r? r is above f_c, so it's empty before placement. After placing bar at r, we have occupied at r and at f_c, f_c+1,... But what about rows between r+1 and f_c-1? Since r+1 > f_c, there is no integer between r+1 and f_c-1 because r+1 > f_c implies r+1 >= f_c+1. So the rows immediately below r are r+1, which is >= f_c+1, so they are occupied. However, is there a gap between r and f_c? The rows from r+1 to f_c-1? If r+1 > f_c, then r+1 is at least f_c+1, so the interval (r+1, f_c-1) is empty because f_c-1 < f_c <= r+1? Actually, if r+1 > f_c, then f_c < r+1. So the rows from f_c to r+1-1? Let's take an example: f_c = 5, r = 3. Then r+1 = 4. Is 4 >= f_c? 4 >= 5? No, 4 < 5. So r+1 > f_c would require r+1 > 5, e.g., r=5? But r must be < f_c, so r <=4. If r=4, then r+1=5 which equals f_c. If r=3, r+1=4 which is less than f_c=5, so r+1 < f_c. So the only way to have r+1 >= f_c while r < f_c is r+1 = f_c. Because if r+1 > f_c, then r >= f_c, contradiction. So indeed, the only possibility is r+1 = f_c. Therefore, the new bar must be placed exactly one row above the current top in that column.

Thus, the condition is: For a bar covering columns [c1, c2], before placing it, the current top values f_c for all c in that interval must be equal (say T). Then the bar can be placed at row r = T - 1. After placement, the new top for those columns becomes r = T-1.

If the tops are not equal, then it's impossible to place the bar without creating a gap. But in the actual process, bars will fall and eventually the tops will become equal when the bar finally settles. How does that happen? In the dynamic process, bars fall step by step, and the tops adjust. The final configuration must satisfy this condition. So we need to compute the final tops f_c after all bars have settled.

This is analogous to the following: We have N horizontal segments (bars) that will be stacked. Initially, we have a ground at row H+1? Actually, we can think of the bottom as a base at row H+1 that is always occupied. Then initially, for each column c, the top f_c = H+1 (meaning the next available row above the ground is H). When we place a bar, we require that the minimum f_c over its interval is the same as the maximum? Actually, we need all f_c equal. Then we set the bar at row r = f_c - 1, and update f_c for those columns to r.

But in the actual process, bars are not placed in arbitrary order; they fall from their initial positions. However, the final configuration should be the same as if we processed bars in some order that respects the initial vertical order (i.e., bars that are initially lower should be placed first, because they end up lower). And the condition for placement is that the bar can only be placed when the tops in its interval are equal. If they are not equal, the bar would have to wait until the tops become equal, which happens as other bars are placed (i.e., as lower bars settle). This suggests an algorithm: sort bars by their initial row descending (i.e., from bottom to top). Then for each bar in that order, we attempt to place it at the highest possible row (i.e., as low as possible) given the current tops. But we must respect that the bar must be placed such that its row is less than the current tops in its columns, and after placement, the tops become that row. However, the bar might not be able to be placed immediately if the tops are not equal. But in the sorted order, when we process a bar, all bars that are initially below it have already been placed (since we go from bottom up). Those bars have already determined the tops for their columns. Now, for the current bar, the tops in its interval may not be equal. But can that happen? Let's think: Suppose we have two columns c1 and c2. Some lower bars may have been placed, affecting f_c1 and f_c2. Could f_c1 and f_c2 differ? Yes, if the lower bars have different lengths, they may cover different sets of columns, leading to different top heights. For example, consider a bar B1 that covers only column 1, placed at row H (since it's the lowest). Then f_1 becomes H, f_2 remains H+1 (if no bar covers column 2 yet). Now consider a bar A that covers columns 1-2, initially above B1. When we process A (after B1), the tops are f_1 = H, f_2 = H+1. They are not equal. According to our placement rule, A cannot be placed directly because the tops differ. But in the actual falling process, what would happen? Let's simulate: H large, say H=5. B1 at row5 col1 (after falling). A initially at row1 cols1-2. At t=0.5, B1 might already be at bottom? Let's simulate properly: Initial: A row1 cols1-2, B1 row2 col1? Actually B1 initially at some row, but we need B1 to be lower initially. Let's set: B1 initially at row4 col1 (L=1). A initially at row1 cols1-2. H=5. Process: At t=0.5, B1 can move? It is at row4, below row5 empty, so B1 moves to row5. A: below row2? (2,1) empty? B1 was at row4, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty, so A moves to row2. After t0.5: A row2, B1 row5. t1.5: A: below row3 empty? (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty, so A moves to row3. B1 bottom. t2.5: A: below row4 empty? (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty, so A moves to row4. t3.5: A: below row5: (5,1) occupied by B1, (5,2) empty. So A cannot move because (5,2) empty. So A ends at row4. Final: A row4, B1 row5. Now, column1: occupied rows 4 (A) and 5 (B1) -> contiguous from 4 to 5. Column2: occupied row 4 only? Actually A covers col2 at row4, and no bar at row5 col2. So column2 has occupied row 4, but row5 is empty. That violates the contiguity property we derived earlier! Because we have a bar at row4 covering col2, but row5 col2 is empty. According to our earlier reasoning, that should be unstable because the bar at row4 would have an empty cell directly below at (5,2). Indeed, in our simulation, A at row4 cannot move because (5,2) is empty, but (5,1) is occupied. The condition for moving is that all cells directly below are empty. Since (5,2) is empty, A cannot move? Wait, the condition for moving is that all cells directly below are empty. For A to move down, it needs all cells below to be empty. But (5,1) is occupied, so it cannot move. So A is stuck at row4 even though (5,2) is empty. So the configuration is stable? But is it truly stable? Let's check the rule: At each half-integer time, we check bars in order. For A at row4, below cells are (5,1) occupied by B1, (5,2) empty. Since not all below are empty, A does not move. So it is stable. However, does this violate the contiguity property we thought? We argued that in a stable configuration, for each column, if a bar occupies a cell, then all cells below must be occupied. But here column2 has a bar at row4, but row5 is empty. Yet the configuration is stable because the bar A is supported by B1 in column1, but not in column2. However, the support condition for a bar is that all cells directly below are occupied. For A, the cell below in column2 is empty, so why doesn't it fall? Because the rule requires that all cells directly below are empty for it to move. It does not require that all cells directly below are occupied for it to stay. It stays if at least one cell below is occupied. So a bar can be partially supported: it can be blocked by a bar below in some columns, even if other columns below are empty. That means our earlier deduction that occupied rows must be contiguous in each column is false. Let's re-express: The condition for a bar to move is that all cells directly below are empty. So if any cell below is occupied, the bar cannot move. Therefore, a bar can be stable even if some cells below are empty, as long as at least one cell below is occupied. This is crucial.

In the example, A at row4 has (5,1) occupied, (5,2) empty. Since not all below are empty, it cannot move. So it's stable. So the final configuration does not require full support underneath each column; partial support suffices. Therefore, our earlier contiguity property is incorrect. We must revise.

Thus, the final configuration is such that for each bar, there exists at least one column in its segment where the cell directly below is occupied (or it's at bottom), and for all columns, the cell directly below may be empty or occupied, but if any is occupied, the bar is blocked. Actually, the condition to move is that all are empty. So to be unable to move, it suffices that at least one is occupied. So a bar can be "hung" on a single support column.

This changes the problem significantly. The final rows are not simply determined by a flat surface; they depend on which columns have support.

Now we need to find an efficient way to compute the final rows given the sequential falling process.

Let's think about the dynamics more carefully. At each half-integer time, we process bars in order 1..N. Each bar moves down if all cells directly below are empty. This is reminiscent of a cellular automaton with priority. The order matters because a bar that moves earlier can free up space for a bar above later in the same time step, as we saw.

We need to compute the fixed point. Since H and N up to 2e5, we need something like O(N log N) or O((H+W) log something).

Observation: The process is monotonic: bars only move down. So each bar's row is non-decreasing over time. The final rows are the limits.

We could try to simulate the process in a smarter way, perhaps by computing for each bar the maximum row it can reach given the final positions of bars that are below it, but with the partial support condition.

Let's denote the final row of bar i as R'_i. We need to find these.

Consider two bars i and j that overlap (i.e., their column intervals intersect). If initially R_i < R_j (i above j), then in the final configuration, we must have R'_i < R'_j? Not necessarily, because i could fall and land on top of j, so R'_i could be R'_j - 1 or less, but still less than R'_j. Could R'_i become greater than R'_j? That would mean i ends below j. As argued earlier, if they overlap, they cannot cross because they'd have to occupy the same row at some point. But could they end with R'_i > R'_j? That would mean i is below j. Initially i above j. To get i below j, i would have to pass j. Since they overlap, they cannot occupy the same row, and moving one row at a time, they'd have to be at adjacent rows at some point. Suppose at some time, i is at row r, j at row r+1 (i above j). For i to go below j, i would need to move to row r+1 while j moves away from row r+1. But if i moves to row r+1, that would conflict with j if j still occupies row r+1. So j must move away first. If j moves down to r+2, then i could move to r+1. Then i at r+1, j at r+2, still i above j. To get i below j, we would need i to move to r+2 while j moves to r+1 or something. That would require them to swap rows, which would involve them being in the same row at some instant, which is impossible because they'd overlap. So relative order among overlapping bars is preserved. So R'_i < R'_j if they overlap and initially R_i < R_j. Good.

Now, for bars that do not overlap, they are independent; their final rows are determined solely by the bottom and possibly other bars that do overlap with them? Actually, a bar can be supported by bars that overlap with it only in some columns. So even if two bars do not overlap, they could still interact if a third bar overlaps both? But direct support requires overlapping columns. So a bar i can be supported by bar j only if they overlap (since support requires that j occupies a cell directly below i in some column). So if i and j do not overlap, j cannot support i. However, i could be supported by a combination of bars that each overlap with i in some columns, even if those bars don't overlap each other. So the support graph is based on column overlap.

Thus, the problem reduces to: given N horizontal segments with initial rows, they fall under gravity with the rule that a segment moves down if all cells directly below are empty. The process is sequential per time step in fixed order. We need final rows.

We need to find an efficient method. Perhaps we can model this as a kind of "falling with obstacles" where each bar's final row is the minimum row such that for every column in its segment, either that row is the bottom, or there exists some bar that ends up at a row > that row and covers that column, and also that bar is not above it? Actually, we need to satisfy that at the final state, for each bar i at row r_i, there exists at least one column c in its segment such that the cell (r_i+1, c) is occupied by some bar j (with r_j = r_i+1) and j overlaps i at column c. Additionally, for all columns, it's okay if they are empty below as long as at least one column is occupied. However, is that sufficient for stability? Consider bar i at row r_i. For it to be unable to move, we need that NOT(all cells below are empty). That is, there exists at least one column c in its segment such that (r_i+1, c) is occupied. That's the condition. So in the final state, for each bar i (with r_i < H), there must be at least one column c in [C_i, C_i+L_i-1] such that some bar j occupies (r_i+1, c). Note that j could be any bar, possibly i itself? No, i occupies row r_i, not r_i+1. So j is another bar.

Also, we must ensure that no bar can move further. So for each bar i, if r_i < H, then there exists at least one column where the cell below is occupied. Conversely, if for some bar i, all cells below are empty, then it would move (unless it's at bottom). So final state must satisfy that for each i with r_i < H, ∃ c in its segment such that ∃ j with r_j = r_i+1 and c in [C_j, C_j+L_j-1].

Additionally, the relative order constraints: if i and j overlap and initially R_i < R_j, then r_i < r_j.

Also, bars cannot overlap cells: for any two bars i and j, if they occupy the same row r, then their column intervals must be disjoint. If they occupy different rows, they can overlap columns freely.

Now, the sequential processing order might affect which bars end up supporting which. But perhaps the final state is unique and can be computed by a greedy algorithm that processes bars in order of increasing initial row (from top to bottom) or decreasing? Let's test with the earlier counterexample where contiguity failed. In that example, we had A (cols1-2) and B (col1). Final rows: A=4, B=5. Let's see if this satisfies the condition: For A (r=4), below cells: (5,1) occupied by B, (5,2) empty. Since at least one occupied, A cannot move. For B (r=5), bottom, ok. Also, relative order: initially A row1, B row4? Actually we set B initially row4, A row1, so A above B, final A=4, B=5, so A above B (4<5), ok. So this is a valid final state.

Now, could there be another final state? For instance, could A end at row5 and B at row4? That would violate order because A initially above B, so A must stay above B. Also, they would overlap at row5? A at row5 cols1-2, B at row4 col1, they don't overlap in row, but order would be A below B (5>4), which is not allowed. So not possible.

Could A end at row3 and B at row5? Then A at row3, below cells: (4,1) empty? B at row5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty, so all below empty, so A would move. So not stable.

Thus, the final state seems determined.

Now, consider a more complex case with three bars: A (cols1-2), B (col1), C (col2). Initially, A at row1, B at row2, C at row3? Let's set H=5. Initial: A row1 cols1-2, B row2 col1, C row3 col2. Simulate? We can try to see final. But maybe we can derive algorithm.

Idea: Since bars only move down, and the condition to move is that all cells below are empty, we can think of each bar as trying to fall as far as possible, but it may get caught on any obstacle below that occupies at least one of its columns. This is similar to the concept of "falling until it hits something" but with the twist that the obstacle might be a bar that itself can move, so the bar may fall further after the obstacle moves.

We can consider the process as each bar eventually reaches a row where there is at least one bar directly below it in some column, and that bar is fixed (cannot move further) or is also moving but eventually stabilizes. This resembles a dependency: bar i's final row depends on the final rows of bars that are below it and overlap with it.

Specifically, for bar i, let S_i be the set of bars j such that intervals overlap and initially R_j > R_i (i.e., j is below i). In the final configuration, i must be above all such j (since order preserved). Moreover, i will be supported by some of these j (or by bottom). The support condition: there exists at least one column c in i's interval such that the cell directly below i is occupied by some bar j with r_j = r_i+1. Since i must be above all j, r_i < r_j. For j to be directly below i, we need r_j = r_i+1. So i will be supported by one or more bars that are exactly one row below it and overlap in at least one column.

Thus, the final rows satisfy: for each i (with r_i < H), there exists at least one j such that intervals overlap, r_j = r_i+1, and initially R_j > R_i (so j is below i). Additionally, for any j that overlaps i and has r_j > r_i+1, that's fine as long as there is some j at r_i+1.

Now, how to compute r_i? This looks like we can process bars from bottom to top: for the lowest bars (those with no overlapping bars below them), they can fall to the bottom (row H) because there is nothing below to support them? Wait, if there is no bar below that overlaps, then when they try to move, all cells below are empty (since no bar occupies those cells), so they will move down until they hit bottom. So they will end at H. But careful: if there is no bar below that overlaps, but there could be bars below that do not overlap? Those don't affect because they don't occupy the cells below. So yes, they fall to bottom.

For a bar that has some overlapping bars below, it may be supported by them. However, those lower bars themselves may move down, so the support may move. But eventually, the lower bars will settle at some rows, and then the bar above will settle just above one of them (or at a row where at least one column has a bar directly below). Since the lower bars can fall, the bar above can also fall, maintaining the gap of at least 1? Actually, if a lower bar falls further, the bar above can follow, as long as it doesn't get blocked by something else. So the final relative positions might be such that the bar above ends up directly above some lower bar that is at its final row, with a gap of exactly 1? Not necessarily exactly 1; it could be larger if there is no bar directly below but there is a bar two rows below that blocks it? Let's think: Suppose bar i is above bar j, and they overlap. If j is at row r_j, and i is at row r_i, with r_i < r_j. For i to be unable to move, there must be some column where the cell directly below i is occupied. That could be by j if r_j = r_i+1, or by some other bar k at row r_i+1. If the only overlapping bar below i is j, and j is at row r_j > r_i+1, then the cells directly below i are empty (since j is lower), so i would move down. As i moves down, eventually it will reach r_j - 1, at which point the cell below i in the overlapping column becomes occupied by j (since r_i+1 = r_j). Then i becomes supported and stops. So i will end at r_j - 1. Thus, if there is at least one overlapping bar below, i will eventually land exactly one row above the highest such bar? Not exactly the highest, but the one that ends up being the closest below i after all movements. Since lower bars can also move, the final distance between i and the nearest overlapping bar below may be more than 1 if there are gaps? But as argued, i will fall until it is directly above some bar that overlaps it. Because if there is any gap, i will continue falling until it hits a bar directly below. So in the final configuration, for each bar i that is not at bottom, there exists at least one bar j such that r_j = r_i+1 and intervals overlap. Moreover, among all bars that overlap i and are below i, the one with the smallest final row (i.e., the closest below) must be at r_i+1. Because if the closest below is at r_j > r_i+1, then i could fall further. So the condition is: r_i = min_{j: overlap, R_j > R_i} (r_j) - 1? Not exactly min, because there could be multiple bars at different rows; the one that ends up directly below i might not be the one with smallest r_j initially, but after they all settle, the bar that is directly below i will be the one with the smallest final row among those that overlap i and are below i. Because i will fall until it is just above that bar. However, could there be a scenario where the closest below bar is not directly below because there is another bar in between that doesn't overlap i? That bar wouldn't block i because it doesn't overlap, so i could pass it. So only overlapping bars matter. So i will fall until it is one row above the highest (i.e., smallest row number) among the final rows of bars that overlap i and are below i? Wait, "highest" in terms of row number? Since rows increase downward, the bar that is closest below i has the smallest row number among those below? Actually, if i is above, bars below have larger row numbers. The one that is closest below i has the smallest row number among those below i (i.e., the one with the minimum r_j such that r_j > r_i). So i will end at r_i = (min_{j: overlap, r_j > r_i} r_j) - 1. But this is a recursive definition: r_i depends on r_j of bars below.

Thus, we can think of the final rows as satisfying: for each bar i, if there exists at least one bar j that overlaps i and has r_j > r_i, then r_i = min_{j: overlap, r_j > r_i} r_j - 1. Otherwise (no overlapping bar below), r_i = H.

But is this always true? Consider the earlier example with A (cols1-2) and B (col1). For A, overlapping bars below: B overlaps (col1). Also, there might be no other. Suppose B's final row is 5. Then min r_j = 5, so r_A = 5 - 1 = 4. That matches. For B, overlapping bars below? None, so r_B = H = 5. Good.

Now consider a case with three bars: A (cols1-2), B (col1), C (col2). Suppose initially A row1, B row2, C row3. H=5. Let's simulate to see final rows. We'll do step-by-step.

Initial: A1, B2, C3.

t0.5: Process A: below (2,1) occupied by B, (2,2) empty -> not all empty, so A cannot move. B: below (3,1) empty? C at (3,2), so (3,1) empty, also (3,1) is only column for B, so B moves to row3. C: below (4,2) empty, moves to row4. After: A1, B3, C4.

t1.5: A: below (2,1) now? B moved to row3, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty -> all empty, so A moves to row2. B: below (4,1) empty? C at row4 col2, so (4,1) empty, B moves to row4. C: below (5,2) empty? H=5, so row5 exists, C moves to row5. After: A2, B4, C5.

t2.5: A: below (3,1) empty? B at row4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty? C at row5, so (3,2) empty, so A moves to row3. B: below (5,1) empty? C at row5 col2, so (5,1) empty, B moves to row5. C: bottom, no move. After: A3, B5, C5.

t3.5: A: below (4,1) empty? B at row5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty? C at row5, so (4,2) empty, so A moves to row4. B: bottom, no. C: bottom. After: A4, B5, C5.

t4.5: A: below (5,1) occupied by B, (5,2) occupied by C -> not all empty, so A cannot move. Final: A4, B5, C5.

So final rows: A=4, B=5, C=5. Now apply the formula: For A, overlapping bars below: B and C. Their final rows: B=5, C=5. min =5, so r_A =5-1=4. For B, overlapping bars below? None (C does not overlap B? B col1, C col2, they don't overlap). So r_B = H =5. For C, overlapping bars below? None, so r_C =5. Works.

Now consider a case where overlapping bars below have different final rows. For example, A (cols1-3), B (col1), C (col2), D (col3). Suppose initially A row1, B row2, C row3, D row4. H=6. Let's simulate quickly? Might be complex but we can try to see final. But according to formula, for A, overlapping bars below: B, C, D. Their final rows will be determined. B, C, D are independent? They don't overlap each other (since columns 1,2,3 are disjoint). So each of B, C, D will fall to bottom H=6, because no overlapping bars below them. So r_B=r_C=r_D=6. Then r_A = min(6,6,6)-1 =5. So A at row5. Let's test with simulation mentally: H=6. Initial: A1(1-3), B2(1), C3(2), D4(3). Process: They will all fall. B, C, D will eventually reach row6. A will fall until it is blocked by at least one of them. At final, A at row5, B,C,D at row6. Check stability: A at row5, below (6,1) B, (6,2) C, (6,3) D all occupied, so A cannot move. Good.

Now consider a case where overlapping bars below have different final rows because some are blocked by others. For example, A (cols1-2), B (col1), C (col1)?? They can't overlap same column initially because no overlap. So need overlapping bars that themselves overlap and thus affect each other's final rows. For instance, A (cols1-2), B (cols1-2) but B is below A? They can't overlap initially because they'd occupy same cells? They could be in different rows, so they can overlap columns. So let's have A (row1, cols1-2), B (row2, cols1-2), C (row3, col1). H=5. Initially A1, B2, C3. Overlaps: A overlaps B and C? A overlaps B (both cols1-2), overlaps C (col1). B overlaps C (col1). Now, what are final rows? Let's simulate.

Initial: A1, B2, C3.

t0.5: A: below (2,1) B, (2,2) B -> not all empty, cannot move. B: below (3,1) C? C at (3,1), (3,2) empty -> not all empty (since (3,1) occupied), so B cannot move. C: below (4,1) empty, moves to row4. After: A1, B2, C4.

t1.5: A: below (2,1) B, (2,2) B -> cannot move. B: below (3,1) empty? C moved to 4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty -> all empty, so B moves to row3. C: below (5,1) empty? H=5, row5 exists, so C moves to row5. After: A1, B3, C5.

t2.5: A: below (2,1) now? B moved to 3, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty -> all empty, so A moves to row2. B: below (4,1) empty? C at5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty -> all empty, so B moves to row4. C: bottom. After: A2, B4, C5.

t3.5: A: below (3,1) empty? B at4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty -> all empty, so A moves to row3. B: below (5,1) occupied by C? C at5 col1, (5,2) empty -> not all empty, so B cannot move. After: A3, B4, C5.

t4.5: A: below (4,1) occupied by B, (4,2) occupied by B? B at4 covers cols1-2, so (4,2) occupied. So not all empty, A cannot move. B: still cannot move. Final: A3, B4, C5.

Now apply formula: For A, overlapping bars below: B and C. Their final rows: B=4, C=5. min =4, so r_A = 4-1=3. Good. For B, overlapping bars below: C (since B overlaps C at col1). C's final row=5, so r_B = 5-1=4? But we got B=4, and 5-1=4, matches. For C, no overlapping below, so r_C = H=5. Works.

So the recursive formula seems to hold: r_i = min_{j: overlap and r_j > r_i} r_j - 1, with the convention that if there is no such j, r_i = H.

But is this always consistent with the sequential process? Let's test with a more complex case where a bar might be supported by a combination of bars, not necessarily the one with the smallest r_j. In the formula, we take min r_j among overlapping bars below. That gives the closest bar below. That seems logical: i will fall until it is just above that closest bar. But what if the closest bar below does not overlap i in all columns, but there is another bar slightly lower that overlaps in a different column, and the closest bar is not directly below because there is a gap? Actually, the closest bar below is the one with smallest r_j > r_i. If that bar overlaps i, then when i reaches r_j - 1, the cell directly below i in the overlapping column(s) will be occupied by that bar, so i will be blocked. Even if that bar only overlaps in one column, that's enough to block i. So i will stop at r_j - 1. If there is another bar with even smaller r_j? That would be even closer, so i would stop earlier. So indeed, i's final row is determined by the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below.

But wait, could i be blocked by a bar that is not the closest below? Suppose the closest below bar j does not overlap i (i.e., they are in disjoint columns). Then it doesn't block i. So i would continue falling until it encounters a bar that overlaps it. The next candidate might be a bar k with r_k > r_j. So i would fall until r_i = r_k - 1, where k is the bar with the smallest r_j among those that overlap i. So the formula should be: r_i = min_{j: overlap(i,j) and r_j > r_i} r_j - 1, but note that the condition r_j > r_i is part of the definition; we need to find the minimum r_j among overlapping bars that are below i. Since r_i is unknown, we can think of it as: let m_i = min{ r_j | j overlaps i and initially R_j > R_i? But careful: The set of bars that end up below i might include bars that were initially above i? No, due to order preservation, if they overlap, the one initially above stays above. So only bars with initial row greater than R_i can end up below i. So we can restrict to those. So define the set S_i = { j | intervals overlap, and R_j > R_i }. Then in the final configuration, we must have r_j > r_i for all j in S_i (since order preserved). And we expect r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1, provided S_i non-empty; else r_i = H.

But is it always true that r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1? Let's test with a scenario where there are multiple bars in S_i, and the one with smallest r_j might not be the one that ends up directly below i because that bar might be blocked from being at that row by another bar? But r_j are final rows, so they are already determined. If we compute recursively from bottom up, we can ensure consistency.

Consider a case where two bars j and k are both in S_i, and they overlap each other? They might affect each other's final rows. But the formula for each is independent? Let's try to construct a potential counterexample.

We need to check if the equation r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 always holds in the final stable state derived from the sequential process. Suppose we have bars A, B, C. A overlaps B and C. B and C also overlap each other? Maybe. Let's set up: A (cols1-3), B (cols1-2), C (cols2-3). Initially: A row1, B row2, C row3. H large. We'll simulate to see final rows.

We need to determine final rows via simulation, then see if formula holds.

Let's do H=6.

Initial: A1(1-3), B2(1-2), C3(2-3).

t0.5: A: below (2,1) B, (2,2) B, (2,3) empty? C at row3 col2-3, so (2,3) empty. Since not all empty, A cannot move. B: below (3,1) empty? C at row3 col2-3, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) occupied by C? C at (3,2), so (3,2) occupied. Thus not all empty, B cannot move. C: below (4,2) empty, (4,3) empty, so C moves to row4. After: A1, B2, C4.

t1.5: A: below (2,1) B, (2,2) B, (2,3) empty -> cannot move. B: below (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty? C moved to 4, so (3,2) empty, so all empty? (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty -> B moves to row3. C: below (5,2) empty, (5,3) empty -> moves to row5. After: A1, B3, C5.

t2.5: A: below (2,1) B? B at3, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty, (2,3) empty -> all empty, A moves to row2. B: below (4,1) empty? C at5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty -> all empty, B moves to row4. C: below (6,2) empty? H=6, row6 exists, so C moves to row6. After: A2, B4, C6.

t3.5: A: below (3,1) empty? B at4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty, (3,3) empty -> all empty, A moves to row3. B: below (5,1) empty? C at6, so (5,1) empty, (5,2) empty -> all empty, B moves to row5. C: bottom. After: A3, B5, C6.

t4.5: A: below (4,1) empty? B at5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty, (4,3) empty -> all empty, A moves to row4. B: below (6,1) empty? C at6 col2-3, so (6,1) empty, (6,2) occupied by C? C at6 col2, so (6,2) occupied, thus not all empty, B cannot move. After: A4, B5, C6.

t5.5: A: below (5,1) occupied by B, (5,2) occupied by B? B at5 covers 1-2, so (5,2) occupied, (5,3) empty? C at6 col2-3, so (5,3) empty. Since not all empty, A cannot move. B: still cannot move. Final: A4, B5, C6.

Now compute using formula: For A, S_A = {B, C} (both overlap, initial rows 2 and 3 >1). Their final rows: B=5, C=6. min =5, so r_A =5-1=4. OK. For B, S_B = {C} (since C overlaps B, initial row3>2). r_C=6, so r_B =6-1=5. OK. For C, S_C empty, r_C=H=6. OK.

So formula holds.

Now consider a case where a bar might be supported by a bar that is not the one with smallest r_j because the smallest r_j might be blocked from being directly below due to another bar in between that doesn't overlap? But if the smallest r_j bar overlaps i, then when i falls to r_j-1, it will be directly above that bar, and that bar will block it. Even if there is another bar k with r_k slightly larger, i would have already stopped at r_j-1. So yes.

What if the smallest r_j bar does not overlap i? Then it's not in S_i. So we consider the next.

Thus, the recursive definition seems plausible.

Now, does the sequential processing order affect the final rows? According to this recursive definition, the final rows are determined solely by the initial overlaps and the bottom row, independent of the order of processing. But we should test with a case where the order might cause a different min. Consider bars that are not overlapping but could influence via chain? But the recursion only depends on overlaps. So if the recursion yields a unique solution, then the final configuration is unique regardless of processing order. But is the recursion always consistent? It defines r_i in terms of r_j for j in S_i. Since S_i consists of bars with larger initial row, this is a DAG (no cycles because initial rows are strictly increasing for overlapping bars? Actually, if i and j overlap and R_i < R_j, then i depends on j (since j in S_i). If also j depends on i? That would require R_j < R_i, impossible. So the dependency graph is acyclic (directed from higher initial row to lower? Actually, i depends on j if j is below i (R_j > R_i). So edges go from higher row (lower bar) to lower row (higher bar)? Wait, i (higher up) depends on j (lower down) because r_i = min r_j -1. So i depends on j. Since R_j > R_i, the dependency goes from smaller R to larger R. So it's a DAG when sorted by R. So we can compute r_i by processing bars in decreasing order of initial row (i.e., from bottom to top). For each bar, we need to know the minimum r_j among overlapping bars with larger initial row (i.e., already processed). That suggests an algorithm: sort bars by R_i descending. Maintain a data structure over columns that can query, for a given interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1], the minimum value of r_j among bars that have been processed (i.e., those with larger initial row) and that overlap this interval. Then set r_i = min( H, that minimum - 1 ). But careful: The minimum r_j among overlapping bars below might be from bars that do not overlap? Actually, we need only bars that overlap i. So we need to consider only those processed bars whose column intervals intersect i's interval. So we need a data structure that can answer: given an interval [L,R], what is the minimum value of r_j among bars that have been placed (processed) and whose column interval overlaps [L,R]? But we also need to ensure that we only consider bars that are below i (i.e., with larger initial row). Since we process in descending R_i, all processed bars have R_j > R_i (since we go from high R to low R). However, is it guaranteed that all bars with R_j > R_i are processed before i? Yes, if we sort strictly by R_i descending. But what about bars with equal R_i? They could be on the same row initially, but they cannot overlap (since no cell overlap). They could be on the same row with disjoint columns. In that case, they are not overlapping, so they don't affect each other's support. But they could both be processed in some order. Since they have same R_i, the dependency might be ambiguous: if they overlap? They can't overlap because same row and overlapping would conflict. So they are independent. So we can process them in any order; they won't affect each other's r_i because they don't overlap. However, could a bar with same R_i but different columns affect via a third bar? Possibly, but since they are at same initial row, they are not below each other. In the dependency, i depends on bars with larger R_i, not equal. So bars with equal R_i are not in each other's S_i. So we can process them in any order; they won't affect each other's r_i because they don't overlap. But could they affect the minimum r_j for a higher bar? Yes, a higher bar might overlap both, and both are below it (since R_j > R_i for higher bar? Actually if they have same R as the higher bar? No, higher bar has smaller R. So for a higher bar, these bars with equal R are not below (they are at same level or above? If they have same R as the higher bar? That can't happen because higher bar has smaller R. So for a bar with smaller R, bars with larger R are below. So bars with equal R are not below. So they don't matter for that higher bar. So sorting by R descending works.

Thus, algorithm: Sort bars by R_i descending (if tie, any order). Initialize a data structure that for each column stores the current "ground level" perhaps? But we need to query the minimum r_j among bars that overlap the interval. However, r_j are the final rows we compute for those bars. As we process from bottom up, we will compute r_j for lower bars first. Then when processing a higher bar i, we need to know the minimum r_j among all bars j that have been processed and whose column interval intersects i's interval. But note: The condition for i to be supported is that there exists at least one bar j with r_j = r_i+1 and overlapping. Our formula r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 essentially says that r_i is one less than the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below. This minimum r_j is the smallest final row among bars that overlap i and are below i. Since we process from bottom up, we can compute that minimum.

But is it sufficient to just take the minimum r_j among all overlapping bars below? Consider a scenario where the bar with minimum r_j does not overlap i in a column that would block i? Actually, if it overlaps i at all, then when i is at r_j - 1, the cell directly below i in that overlapping column will be occupied by that bar (since r_j = r_i+1). That blocks i. So yes.

But what if the bar with minimum r_j overlaps i, but there is another bar with a slightly larger r_j that also overlaps i, and the minimum r_j bar is not directly below i because there might be a gap? Wait, if the minimum r_j bar is at row m, then i at row m-1 would have that bar directly below in overlapping columns. So i would be blocked. So i cannot go lower than m-1. Could i be at a row higher than m-1? Possibly if something else blocks it earlier? But if i is higher, then the cells directly below might be empty or occupied by other bars. But i could be blocked by another bar at a row higher than m? That would require a bar with r_k < m that overlaps i. But since m is the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below, any other overlapping bar has r_j >= m. If there is a bar with r_k = m (same as min), then i could be blocked at m-1 as well. If there is a bar with r_k > m, it wouldn't block i until i reaches r_k-1, which is >= m. So i would fall until it hits the first obstacle, which is at row m. So i ends at m-1. So formula stands.

Thus, we can compute r_i as: if there exists any processed bar overlapping i, let m = min{ r_j | j processed and intervals overlap }, then r_i = m - 1; else r_i = H.

But is it always true that the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below is the correct value? Let's test with a tricky case where a bar i overlaps two bars j and k, with r_j < r_k, but j does not overlap i in a column that is "critical"? Actually, any overlap suffices to block. So j overlapping i is enough. So i will stop at r_j - 1. So min works.

Now, consider a case where the bar with minimum r_j overlaps i, but that bar j itself might be supported by i? No, because j is below i, so r_j > r_i, so j cannot depend on i.

Thus, the algorithm reduces to: process bars in decreasing order of initial row R_i. For each bar, compute the minimum final row among already processed bars that overlap its column interval. If none, set R'_i = H. Else set R'_i = that minimum - 1.

But we must also ensure that the computed R'_i is less than the R_i? Actually, it could be that the minimum r_j is less than or equal to R_i? Since we process from bottom up, r_j for lower bars are likely large (close to H). For a higher bar, the minimum r_j might be, say, 5, and R_i might be 1, so R'_i = 4, which is > R_i, meaning the bar moved down. That's fine. But could it happen that the minimum r_j is less than or equal to R_i? That would mean there is a bar below with final row less than or equal to the initial row of i, which would be above i? But since we process in descending initial row, any processed bar j has R_j > R_i (since we sorted descending, we process larger R first). However, it's possible that after falling, r_j could be less than R_i? No, because bars only move down, so r_j >= R_j. Since R_j > R_i, r_j >= R_j > R_i. So r_j > R_i. Therefore, the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below is > R_i. So R'_i = min r_j - 1 could be >= R_i? Actually, since min r_j > R_i, min r_j - 1 >= R_i? It could be equal to R_i if min r_j = R_i+1. That would mean the bar i doesn't move (if it's already at row R_i and min r_j = R_i+1, then R'_i = R_i). Or it could move down if min r_j > R_i+1. So that's consistent.

Now, we need to verify that this algorithm indeed produces a configuration that satisfies the stability condition and is reachable via the sequential process. We should test on more complex examples, especially where bars have overlapping intervals that are not nested, and where the minimum r_j might come from a bar that does not actually end up directly below i because of some other constraint? But as argued, if that bar is at row m, then i can fall to m-1 and be blocked by it. However, could there be a situation where i cannot fall to m-1 because some other bar occupies the row m-1 in a column that i would need to pass through? But i only needs to occupy its own columns at row m-1. If there is another bar at row m-1 that overlaps i, then i would be blocked earlier (at a higher row). That would mean there is a bar with r_k = m-1 that overlaps i, which would have r_k < m, contradicting that m is the minimum r_j among overlapping bars below. Because if there is a bar at row m-1 overlapping i, then that bar's final row is m-1, which is less than m, so it would be the minimum. So m wouldn't be the minimum. So no conflict.

Thus, the algorithm seems sound.

Now, we need to implement efficiently: For each bar in order of decreasing R_i, we need to query the minimum value of r_j over all previously processed bars whose column intervals intersect the query interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1]. Then set r_i = (that minimum) - 1 if exists, else H.

But we must be careful: The condition for support is that there exists at least one bar directly below i. Our formula uses the minimum r_j. However, is it possible that the minimum r_j is from a bar that overlaps i but is not directly below i because there is a gap? For i to be at row r_i = min r_j - 1, we need that at row r_i+1 = min r_j, the bar j occupies some column that overlaps i. That is true if j overlaps i. So i will be blocked by j. But what if there is another bar k with r_k = min r_j as well (same row) that also overlaps i? That's fine.

But consider a scenario where the minimum r_j comes from a bar that overlaps i, but that bar j is not at row min r_j? Wait, r_j is its final row, so it is at that row. So it's directly below i if i is at min r_j - 1.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, we need a data structure to maintain, as we add bars (with their final rows and column intervals), the ability to query the minimum r over all bars that intersect a given interval. This is reminiscent of segment tree with range minimum query over columns, but we need to consider only bars that have been added, and we need to query over an interval the minimum r among bars whose intervals overlap the query interval. This is not a simple point query; it's an interval-overlap query. We need to find, among all added segments, the one with minimum r that intersects the query segment.

We can think of it as: we have a set of segments on the line (columns 1..W). Each segment has a value (its final row). We need to support adding a segment, and querying: given a segment [L,R], find the minimum value among all segments that intersect [L,R].

This is a classic problem that can be solved with a segment tree that stores for each column the minimum r among segments covering that column? But segments cover ranges, so we could update a range with a value, but we need to query the minimum over a range of columns of the minimum value among segments that cover that column. However, if we simply do range update (set min) and range query min, that would give us the minimum over columns of the stored value, but that stored value would be the minimum r among segments that cover that column. That is exactly what we need: for each column, we want to know the minimum r among all bars that have been added and cover that column. Then for a query interval [L,R], the minimum over columns in that interval of that per-column minimum will be the minimum r among bars that intersect the interval, because any bar that intersects the interval will cover at least one column in [L,R], and its r will be the value for that column (if it's the minimum for that column). However, if multiple bars cover a column, we take the minimum r among them (since we are storing the minimum). That's fine because we want the overall minimum r among intersecting bars. So we can maintain an array minRow[col] = minimum r among bars added that cover column col. Initially, no bars, so we can set minRow[col] = INF (or H+1). When we add a bar with row r and interval [c, c+L-1], we need to update minRow[col] for each col in that interval to min(minRow[col], r). Because if a bar with row r covers a column, the minimum r for that column becomes min(previous, r). Since we process bars from bottom up, r values are decreasing? Actually, we process from bottom (large R) to top (small R). The r values we compute for lower bars are larger (closer to H). As we go up, r values become smaller. So when we add a bar, its r is likely smaller than existing minRow for some columns? Wait, we process from bottom up: first we process bars with largest initial R. These bars will have final r close to H (maybe H). So they have large r. Then we process bars with smaller initial R, they will have r = (min r_j among overlapping) - 1, which will be smaller than the r of the bars below. So as we go up, r decreases. So when we add a new bar, its r is smaller than the current minRow for columns it covers? Possibly, because minRow currently holds the minimum r among bars added so far, which are the lower bars with larger r. The new bar has smaller r, so it will update minRow[col] to a smaller value. That's fine; we want the minimum r among all bars covering that column. Since we are interested in the minimum r among intersecting bars for a query, we need the smallest r. As we add bars with smaller r, the minimum decreases. So we need to support range update: set minRow[col] = min(minRow[col], r) for all col in interval. Then query over [L,R] the minimum of minRow[col] over that range. That gives the smallest r among any bar covering any column in that interval. That is exactly the min r_j we need.

But careful: Is it sufficient to consider the minimum r among bars covering each column individually? Suppose we have two bars: bar A at row 5 covering columns 1-2, bar B at row 6 covering column 2 only. For a query interval [1,2], the minimum r among bars intersecting is min(5,6)=5. Our per-column min: col1 min=5, col2 min=5 (since bar A covers col2 with r=5, bar B covers col2 with r=6, min is 5). Range min over [1,2] is 5. Good.

Now, consider a bar that covers columns 1-2 with r=5, and another bar covering columns 3-4 with r=4. For query interval [2,3], the intersecting bars are the first (covers col2) and second (covers col3). The minimum r is min(5,4)=4. Per-column: col2 min=5, col3 min=4. Range min over [2,3] is min(5,4)=4. Good.

So the approach works: maintain an array (or segment tree) over columns 1..W, where each position stores the minimum r among bars added that cover that column. Initially, set all to INF (or H+1, since r <= H). Then process bars in descending order of initial R_i. For each bar i, we query the minimum value over its column interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1]. Let m = that minimum. If m == INF (meaning no bar covers any column in that interval), then set R'_i = H. Else set R'_i = m - 1. Then we update the interval with R'_i: for each column in [C_i, C_i+L_i-1], set value = min(value, R'_i). Since R'_i is likely smaller than existing values (as we go upward), this will lower the minima.

We need to ensure that this update is correct: After we compute R'_i, we add this bar to the set of placed bars. Its row is R'_i, and it covers its interval. For future queries (bars above), we need to consider this bar as a potential obstacle. Since we are storing the minimum r per column, we should update with R'_i. Because if a column already has a smaller r from a higher bar? Wait, we process from bottom up, so bars added later have smaller r. So R'_i will be smaller than any existing r for columns it covers (since existing r are from lower bars, which are larger). Thus, the update will set the value to R'_i (since min(previous, R'_i) = R'_i). So we could simply assign R'_i to those columns, but to be safe we do min.

Now, we must confirm that this algorithm indeed yields the same final rows as the sequential process. Let's test on the provided samples.

Sample 1:
H=4, W=4, N=4
Bars:
1: R1=1, C1=2, L1=3 -> cols 2-4
2: R2=3, C2=2, L2=2 -> cols 2-3
3: R3=2, C3=1, L3=2 -> cols 1-2
4: R4=2, C4=4, L4=1 -> col4

We need to sort by R descending: R values: bar2 (3), bar3 (2), bar4 (2), bar1 (1). For ties (R=2), order doesn't matter as long as they don't overlap? bar3 cols1-2, bar4 col4, they don't overlap, so fine. We'll process bar2 first.

Initialize minRow[1..4] = INF (say 5, since H=4, we can use H+1=5).

Process bar2: interval [2,3]. Query min over [2,3] = INF. So R'_2 = H = 4. Update columns 2,3 with value 4. Now minRow: col2=4, col3=4, others INF.

Process bar3: interval [1,2]. Query min over [1,2] = min(INF,4)=4. So R'_3 = 4-1=3. Update columns 1,2 with min( current, 3). col1: INF->3, col2: min(4,3)=3. Now minRow: col1=3, col2=3, col3=4, col4=INF.

Process bar4: interval [4,4]. Query min over [4] = INF. So R'_4 = H=4. Update col4 with 4. minRow: col4=4.

Process bar1: interval [2,4]. Query min over [2,4] = min(3,4,4)=3. So R'_1 = 3-1=2. Update cols2,3,4 with min(current,2): col2: min(3,2)=2, col3: min(4,2)=2, col4: min(4,2)=2. minRow: col1=3, col2=2, col3=2, col4=2.

Final R': bar1=2, bar2=4, bar3=3, bar4=4. Matches sample output.

Sample 2:
H=382, W=382, N=3
Bar1: 3 3 3
Bar2: 8 8 8
Bar3: 2 2 2
Sort by R descending: bar2 (8), bar1 (3), bar3 (2). Process:
Init minRow INF (383).
Bar2: interval [8,15]? Actually C=8, L=8 -> cols 8..15? Wait W=382, but L=8, so cols 8 to 15. Query INF -> R'_2 = H=382. Update cols 8-15 with 382.
Bar1: interval [3,5] (C=3,L=3). Query min over [3,5] = INF (since bar2 covers 8-15, not overlapping). So R'_1 = 382. Update cols 3-5 with 382.
Bar3: interval [2,3] (C=2,L=2). Query min over [2,3] = min(INF,382?) col2 INF? bar1 covers 3-5, so col2 is INF, col3 is 382. So min = 382. R'_3 = 382-1=381. Update cols2-3 with min(current,381): col2 becomes 381, col3 becomes min(382,381)=381.
Output: 382,382,381. Matches sample.

Sample 3: We'll test later.

Thus, the algorithm works on samples.

Now we need to prove its correctness more formally.

We argued that in the final configuration, for each bar i, r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1, where S_i = {j | intervals overlap and R_j > R_i}. This is derived from the fact that i will fall until it is directly above the closest overlapping bar below it. But we must also consider that i might be supported by a combination of bars, not necessarily a single bar, but the closest one will block it. So the formula holds.

Now, does processing in descending R_i and using the per-column minimum r simulate this recursion? When we process bar i, all bars in S_i have been processed (since they have larger R_i). The per-column minimum over i's interval gives the minimum r_j among bars that cover any column in that interval. But is it guaranteed that the minimum r_j among all bars in S_i is exactly the minimum over columns of the per-column minima? Since each bar j in S_i contributes its r_j to all columns it covers. The minimum over columns of the per-column minima is the minimum r_j among bars that intersect the interval, because for any bar j that intersects, there exists a column where its r_j is the value for that column (if it's the minimum for that column). However, it's possible that a bar j has r_j that is not the minimum for any column in the interval because another bar with smaller r covers the same columns? But if another bar with smaller r covers those columns, then that smaller r is the minimum for those columns, and it is also an intersecting bar (since it covers those columns, it intersects the interval). So the overall minimum r among intersecting bars will be captured as the minimum over columns. More formally, let M = min{ r_j | j in S_i }. There exists some bar j0 with r_j0 = M that intersects i. For any column c in the intersection of i and j0, the per-column minimum at c is at most M (since j0 covers c). Also, for any column, the per-column minimum is at least M (since M is the minimum among all intersecting bars). Therefore, the minimum over columns of per-column minima equals M. So query works.

Thus, the algorithm computes r_i correctly.

Now, we need to consider the case where there are multiple bars with same initial R. As argued, they don't overlap, so they are independent. Processing them in any order should yield same results because they don't affect each other's queries (since they don't overlap, their intervals are disjoint, so updating one won't affect the other's query interval). However, what if they have overlapping intervals? They cannot because initial state has no overlapping cells. If they have same R and overlapping intervals, they would overlap cells, which is prohibited. So they are disjoint. So order among them doesn't matter.

Edge case: A bar might have L_i such that its interval extends beyond W? Constraint ensures C_i + L_i -1 <= W.

Now, we need to implement the data structure for range min query and range min update (with taking min). Since we only need to set values to the minimum of current and new value, and we process bars in order such that new values are always smaller than existing ones (since r decreases as we go up), we could simply assign the new value (overwrite) because it will be smaller. But is it always smaller? Consider a bar i that we process, its r_i = m-1, where m is the current minimum over its interval. Since m is the minimum among existing bars, and those existing bars have r >= m. r_i = m-1 < m, so r_i is strictly less than any existing value in that interval (since existing values are at least m). Therefore, for any column in the interval, the current stored value is >= m, and we are setting it to r_i which is m-1, which is smaller. So we can simply assign (overwrite) the value to r_i for those columns. However, caution: what if there are columns in the interval that currently have value less than m? That would contradict m being the minimum over the interval, because if any column had value less than m, then the range minimum would be less than m. So not possible. So we can safely set the values to r_i (i.e., do a range assign with a value that is guaranteed to be less than or equal to current values). But we must be careful: if we do a range assign, we might overwrite a column that had a value from a bar that does not cover the entire interval? But that's fine because we are updating with a smaller value, which is the correct minimum for that column after adding this bar. Since the new bar covers the column, the minimum becomes min(old, r_i) = r_i because r_i < old. So assign works.

Thus, we can use a segment tree that supports range assign (set to a value) and range min query. However, we need to ensure that when we assign, we are setting to a value that is smaller than all current values in that range. But what if later we process a bar that has an interval that partially overlaps with previously assigned columns, and we need to query the minimum over its interval? If we have assigned some columns to a small value, that's fine. But we must also consider that later bars (with even smaller r) might assign even smaller values to some columns. So we need a data structure that can handle range updates that set values to a smaller number (i.e., take min with a given value) and range min queries. This is a typical segment tree with lazy propagation for "range chmin" (assign minimum). However, since we guarantee that the new value is always less than current values in the range, we could implement it as range assign (set to new value) because it's effectively a min operation where the new value is smaller. But is it always strictly smaller? Could there be a case where the new value equals the current minimum in some column? Suppose m is the minimum over the interval, and we compute r_i = m-1. So r_i < m. So it's strictly less. So yes, new value is less than any existing value in that interval. However, consider columns outside the interval but within the segment tree? Not relevant.

But what about columns that are partially covered? The range assign will set all columns in the interval to r_i. But is it correct to set a column to r_i even if that column already had a smaller value from a previous bar? That can't happen because previous bars have larger r (since they were processed earlier and have larger r). So previous values are larger. So setting to r_i (smaller) is correct. So we can do range assign.

But wait, there is a nuance: The per-column minimum should be the minimum r among all bars covering that column. When we add a new bar with r_i, for columns it covers, the new minimum becomes min(old, r_i) = r_i because r_i < old. So assign is fine.

Thus, we can use a segment tree that supports range assign (set to a value) and range min query. However, we must ensure that when we assign, we don't accidentally increase a value. Since we only assign smaller values, it's safe.

But is it possible that a later bar (with even smaller r) might need to update only a subset of columns, and we need to preserve the smaller values on other columns? That's fine; range assign on its interval will set those columns to its r, which is even smaller, so it's okay. For columns not in its interval, they retain previous values.

So we can implement a segment tree with lazy propagation for assignment. Since we only ever assign values that are decreasing, we could also use a simpler approach: since W up to 2e5, we could maintain an array and for each bar, we could update its interval by iterating over columns? That would be O(N*L) which could be too large if L large. So we need efficient range updates.

Segment tree with lazy assignment: each node stores the minimum value in its segment, and a lazy tag indicating that the whole segment should be set to a certain value (if assigned). When we assign a range to a value v, we set the node's min to v, and set lazy tag to v. When we query min over a range, we use standard query.

But we must be careful: Since we only assign values that are decreasing, we might have overlapping assignments. The lazy assignment will overwrite previous values. That's correct because the new value is smaller, so it becomes the new minimum for those columns. However, consider a scenario: we first assign columns [1,5] to value 10. Then later assign columns [3,7] to value 8. After first assign, min over [1,5] is 10. After second assign, columns 3-5 become 8, columns 1-2 remain 10, columns 6-7 become 8 (if they were previously INF, now 8). That's correct. The segment tree with lazy assign can handle this: when we assign a range, we set the nodes covering that range to the new value, overriding any previous lazy values. That's fine because the new value is the correct current minimum for those columns.

But we must ensure that when we assign, we don't need to consider the previous values because the new value is guaranteed to be smaller than any existing value in that range. However, what if the range partially overlaps with a previously assigned range that had a smaller value? That would contradict the guarantee that new value is smaller than all existing values in that range. Since we process in order of decreasing R, the r values are decreasing. So later bars have smaller r. So when we assign a new range, its r is smaller than any previously assigned values in that range. So it's safe to overwrite. So we can simply do range assign (set to new r) without taking min with existing.

Thus, we can use a segment tree with range assign and range min query.

But we must also handle the initial state: all columns have value INF (H+1). We'll set INF = H+1 (or a large number like 10^9). Since H up to 2e5, H+1 is fine.

Now, we need to sort bars by R_i descending. However, we must be careful: The recursion r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 relies on S_i being bars with initial R_j > R_i. But what about bars that have the same R_i? They are not in S_i because they are not below (they are at same level). They could still affect i if they overlap? But they cannot overlap because same row and overlapping would conflict. So they don't affect. So sorting by R_i descending works, but we need to handle ties: if two bars have same R_i, they are independent. However, could a bar with same R_i but different columns affect the minimum r_j for a higher bar? For a higher bar (smaller R), both bars with same R_i are below it? Actually, if they have same R_i, and the higher bar has R < that, then those bars are below the higher bar (since R_j > R_i? No, R_j = R_i, which is greater than R? If R is smaller, then R_j > R, so they are below. So they should be processed before the higher bar. Since we sort by R descending, bars with larger R come first. For equal R, the order among them doesn't matter because they don't overlap, so they won't affect each other's queries. But they could affect a higher bar's query if they overlap the higher bar's interval. That's fine; they will be processed before the higher bar because they have same R? Actually, if they have same R as each other but larger than the higher bar's R, they will be processed before the higher bar. So we need to ensure that when R_i are equal, we process them in any order, but they should be processed before bars with smaller R. Since we sort descending, equal R will be grouped together; we can process them in any order. Since they don't overlap, their updates won't interfere with each other's queries (since queries are on disjoint intervals). However, could a bar with equal R overlap the interval of another bar with same R? No, because they can't overlap cells. So safe.

Thus, algorithm steps:

1. Read H, W, N.
2. Store bars: index i, R_i, C_i, L_i.
3. Sort bars by R_i descending (if tie, maybe by index or any).
4. Initialize segment tree over columns 1..W with value INF = H+1.
5. For each bar in sorted order:
   a. Query min over interval [C_i, C_i+L_i-1] -> m.
   b. If m == INF: R'_i = H.
      else: R'_i = m - 1.
   c. Update the interval with value R'_i (range assign to R'_i). Since R'_i < any existing value in that interval, we can assign.
6. After processing all bars, we have R'_i for each bar. But note that we processed in sorted order, not original order. We need to output R'_i in original order (1..N). So we need to store the computed R'_i along with the bar index.

Now, we must confirm that the update with assign is correct even if the interval partially overlaps with previously assigned intervals that have smaller values? But we argued that new R'_i is smaller than any existing value in that interval because m is the current minimum over the interval, and R'_i = m-1 < m. Since all existing values in that interval are >= m, R'_i is strictly less. So assign is safe.

But is it possible that the interval includes columns that currently have value less than m? That would contradict m being the minimum over the interval. So no.

Thus, segment tree with range assign works.

Now, we need to implement segment tree with lazy propagation for assignment. Since we only do assign and min query, it's straightforward.

Complexities: O(N log W) which is fine for 2e5.

But we must also consider that W up to 2e5, so segment tree size about 4*W.

Now, let's test on sample 3 to ensure.

Sample 3:
H=5, W=10, N=8
Bars:
1: 2 2 1 -> row2 col2
2: 4 3 1 -> row4 col3
3: 4 8 2 -> row4 cols8-9
4: 1 2 2 -> row1 cols2-3
5: 2 5 3 -> row2 cols5-7
6: 5 4 3 -> row5 cols4-6
7: 4 5 2 -> row4 cols5-6
8: 1 5 2 -> row1 cols5-6

We need to compute.

Let's list bars with index, R, C, L, interval:

1: R=2, C=2, L=1 -> [2,2]
2: R=4, C=3, L=1 -> [3,3]
3: R=4, C=8, L=2 -> [8,9]
4: R=1, C=2, L=2 -> [2,3]
5: R=2, C=5, L=3 -> [5,7]
6: R=5, C=4, L=3 -> [4,6] (but R=5 is bottom? H=5, so row5 is bottom)
7: R=4, C=5, L=2 -> [5,6]
8: R=1, C=5, L=2 -> [5,6]

Sort by R descending: R values: 5 (bar6), 4 (bars2,3,7), 2 (bars1,5), 1 (bars4,8). Within R=4, order may matter? They might overlap? Let's see intervals: bar2 [3,3], bar3 [8,9], bar7 [5,6]. They are disjoint (3, 5-6, 8-9). So no overlap. Within R=2: bar1 [2,2], bar5 [5,7] - disjoint. Within R=1: bar4 [2,3], bar8 [5,6] - disjoint. So order within same R doesn't matter.

We'll process:

Initialize segtree with INF = H+1 = 6.

Process bar6: R=5, interval [4,6]. Query min over [4,6] = INF. So R'_6 = H = 5. Update [4,6] assign 5. Now columns 4,5,6 have value 5.

Process bar2: R=4, interval [3,3]. Query min over [3] = INF (since col3 not updated). So R'_2 = H =5? Wait H=5, but bar2 initial R=4, it can fall to bottom? But we compute: m=INF => R'_2 = H =5. So bar2 ends at row5. Update col3 assign 5. Now col3=5.

Process bar3: R=4, interval [8,9]. Query min over [8,9] = INF. So R'_3 =5. Update cols8,9 assign 5.

Process bar7: R=4, interval [5,6]. Query min over [5,6] = current min? cols5,6 currently have value 5 (from bar6). So m =5. Then R'_7 = 5-1=4. Update cols5,6 assign 4. Now cols5,6 become 4 (overwrites 5). Note: bar7 is at row4, which is above bar6 (row5). That's fine.

Process bar1: R=2, interval [2,2]. Query min over [2] = INF (col2 not updated). So R'_1 = H =5? But wait, bar1 initial row2, can it fall to row5? Let's think: bar1 is at col2. There is bar4 at row1 cols2-3, bar2 at row5 col3, bar6 at row5 cols4-6, bar7 at row4 cols5-6, etc. Bar1 is a single cell at col2. Below it, what bars occupy col2? Initially, bar4 at row1 col2? Actually bar4 is at row1, so above bar1. Bar1 is at row2. Below row2, col2: row3? No bar. row4? No bar at col2. row5? No bar at col2 (bar6 at 4-6 includes col2? No, col2 not in 4-6). So col2 is empty below. So bar1 should fall to bottom row5. So R'_1=5 seems plausible. But sample output for bar1 is 5? Let's check sample output: 
5
5
5
4
3
5
4
2

Bar1 output is 5. Yes.

So R'_1=5. Update col2 assign 5.

Process bar5: R=2, interval [5,7]. Query min over [5,7]: col5=4, col6=4, col7=INF? col7 not updated. So min =4. So R'_5 = 4-1=3. Update cols5,6,7 assign 3. Now cols5,6 become 3 (overwrites 4), col7 becomes 3.

Process bar4: R=1, interval [2,3]. Query min over [2,3]: col2=5, col3=5 -> min=5. So R'_4 =5-1=4. Update cols2,3 assign 4. Now col2 becomes 4 (overwrites 5), col3 becomes 4 (overwrites 5).

Process bar8: R=1, interval [5,6]. Query min over [5,6]: col5=3, col6=3 -> min=3. So R'_8 =3-1=2. Update cols5,6 assign 2. Now cols5,6 become 2.

Now we have computed R' for each bar in processed order. Let's list with original indices:

bar1:5
bar2:5
bar3:5
bar4:4
bar5:3
bar6:5
bar7:4
bar8:2

But sample output is:
5
5
5
4
3
5
4
2

Matches! Great.

Thus, algorithm works on sample 3.

Now we need to ensure that the algorithm is correct in all cases, especially when bars have overlapping intervals and the minimum r_j might come from a bar that does not cover the entire interval but only part. That's fine.

Now, we should consider potential pitfalls:

- The recursion r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 assumes that the bar i will indeed be able to fall to that row. But is it possible that i cannot reach that row because some other bar occupies the row r_i in some column of its interval, preventing it from moving there? However, if there is a bar occupying row r_i in some column of i's interval, then that bar would be at row r_i, which is less than r_i+1? Actually, r_i is the row we want i to occupy. If there is already a bar at row r_i covering some column in i's interval, then i cannot occupy that row because it would overlap. But could that happen? Let's think: The bar i is being placed after all lower bars have been placed. The lower bars have rows >= some values. The row r_i we compute is m-1, where m is the minimum r among overlapping bars. Since those overlapping bars have rows >= m, and m is the minimum, there is at least one bar at row m. Could there be a bar at row r_i = m-1 that overlaps i? That would be a bar with row less than m, which would be above i. But we haven't placed any bars above i yet (since we process from bottom up). So there should be no bar at row r_i that overlaps i. However, could there be a bar that is not overlapping i but occupies the same row r_i in some column of i's interval? If it occupies a column in i's interval, then it overlaps i by definition (since i would occupy that column at row r_i). So it would be an overlapping bar. So if such a bar existed, it would be in S_i? But its row would be r_i, which is less than m, contradicting m being the minimum r among overlapping bars (since this bar would have r = r_i < m). Therefore, such a bar cannot exist when we are processing i, because all overlapping bars processed so far have rows >= m, and any bar with row < m would have been processed later (since they have smaller initial R). So at the time of processing i, there is no bar at row r_i overlapping i. Thus, i can occupy row r_i without overlap.

But what about bars that are not overlapping i but occupy the same row r_i in columns outside i's interval? That doesn't matter.

So placement is feasible.

- Another potential issue: The algorithm sets r_i = m-1, but what if m-1 is less than R_i? That would mean the bar moves up? Impossible because bars only move down. But could m-1 be less than R_i? Since m > R_i (as argued), m-1 >= R_i? Actually, m > R_i, so m-1 >= R_i? If m = R_i+1, then m-1 = R_i, so no movement. If m > R_i+1, then m-1 > R_i, so bar moves down. So r_i >= R_i, consistent.

- What if m = INF? Then r_i = H, which is >= R_i (since R_i <= H). Good.

- What about bars that are initially at bottom row H? They cannot move. In our algorithm, when processing such a bar, its R_i = H. Since we process in descending R, it might be processed early. For a bar with R_i = H, S_i may be empty or not? But it's at bottom, so it cannot move. Our algorithm: when processing, we query min over its interval. If there is any overlapping bar below? There can't be any bar below because it's at bottom. However, there could be bars with R_j > H? No. So the query will return INF (since no bars processed yet that overlap? But there might be bars with same R=H? They could be at bottom as well, but they would have R_j = H, which is not > R_i (equal). So they are not in S_i. So min should be INF. Then we set r_i = H. That's correct. But what if there is a bar with R_j > H? impossible. So fine.

But consider a bar with R_i = H that overlaps with another bar also at R_j = H? They can't overlap because same row and overlapping would conflict. So they are disjoint. So query over its interval might include columns that have been updated by other bars with R=H? Those bars would have been processed earlier if they have same R? Since we sort descending, bars with R=H will be processed first. If two bars both have R=H, they are at bottom. They don't overlap, so when processing the first, query returns INF, set r=H, update its interval with H. When processing the second, its interval may overlap with the first? No, they are disjoint, so query over its interval will return INF (since the first's interval doesn't intersect), so r=H, update. That's fine.

Now, what about a bar that is initially above another bar that is at bottom? That lower bar will be processed first, setting its r=H and updating its columns. Then when processing the higher bar, the query may return H (if overlapping), so r = H-1, etc. That matches.

Thus, algorithm seems solid.

Now, we need to implement segment tree with range assign and range min query. Since we only need to assign values that are decreasing, we could also use a simpler data structure: a set of intervals with their values, and for query we need the minimum value over an interval. However, with many updates, a segment tree is easier.

Implementation details:

- We'll have an array size 4*W.
- Each node stores: min value in the segment, and lazy assign value (or a flag indicating if lazy is set). Since we only do assign (set to a specific value), we can store lazy as an integer, with a special value (e.g., -1) meaning no lazy.
- When applying assign to a node, set node.min = lazy_val, and set node.lazy = lazy_val.
- When pushing lazy, propagate to children.
- Query: standard.

But we must be careful: Since we assign values that are decreasing, we might assign a range that partially overlaps with previously assigned ranges. The segment tree with lazy assign will correctly overwrite.

Edge Cases:

- W up to 2e5, so segment tree fine.
- N up to 2e5.
- We need to store bars with original index.

Now, let's double-check the logic with a more complex scenario where a bar's interval is covered by multiple bars below with different rows, and the minimum r_j might come from a bar that does not cover the entire interval, but that's okay.

But is there any scenario where the bar i might end up at a row higher than m-1 because it gets blocked by a bar that is not in S_i? For example, a bar that is initially above i but later falls and ends up below i? That would violate order preservation for overlapping bars. If they don't overlap, it could happen? Consider bar i and bar k that do not overlap initially. Could k end up below i? Possibly, if k is initially above i but in different columns, they could cross? Let's examine: Bar i at row1 cols1-2, bar k at row2 cols3-4. They don't overlap. k could fall down, i could fall down. Could k end up at a row below i? Initially i row1, k row2. After falling, i might go to row3, k to row5, so i above k. Could k ever be below i? That would require k to have a larger row number than i, which is already the case initially (k row2 > i row1). So k is already below i. So crossing not an issue. If k is initially above i (row1) and i below (row2), they don't overlap, they could swap? Initially i row2, k row1. They don't overlap. Could k fall below i? k at row1, i at row2. k can fall, i can fall. If k falls faster, it could end up at row4, i at row3, then k below i. That would mean a bar initially above ends up below a bar initially below, but they don't overlap. Is that allowed? Let's test: i (row2, cols1-2), k (row1, cols3-4). They don't overlap. Simulate: H=5. t0.5: i: below row3 empty? (3,1),(3,2) empty -> i moves to row3. k: below row2 empty? (2,3),(2,4) empty -> k moves to row2. After: i3, k2. Now k is above i? Actually row2 < row3, so k above i. So still k above i. t1.5: i: below row4 empty -> moves to 4. k: below row3 empty? (3,3),(3,4) empty -> moves to 3. After: i4, k3. Still k above i. t2.5: i: below row5 empty -> moves to 5. k: below row4 empty? (4,3),(4,4) empty -> moves to 4. After: i5, k4. k above i. So k remains above i. To get k below i, we would need k to move down more than i, but they move at same rate when both can move. If i gets blocked earlier, k could continue. Suppose i gets blocked at row4 because something below in its columns, while k continues to row5. Then i at row4, k at row5, k below i. That would mean a bar initially above (k) ends up below a bar initially below (i). Is that possible? Let's construct: i at row2 cols1-2, k at row1 cols3-4. There is a bar j at row5 cols1-2 that blocks i. Simulate: H=5. Initially i2, k1, j5? Actually j at row5 is bottom. But i can fall until row4? Let's set H=5, and add a bar j at row5 cols1-2 (bottom). Initially i2, k1, j5. t0.5: i: below row3 empty? j at row5, so (3,1),(3,2) empty -> i moves to row3. k: below row2 empty? (2,3),(2,4) empty -> k moves to row2. j: bottom. After: i3, k2, j5. t1.5: i: below row4 empty? (4,1),(4,2) empty -> i moves to row4. k: below row3 empty? (3,3),(3,4) empty -> k moves to row3. After: i4, k3, j5. t2.5: i: below row5 occupied by j -> cannot move. k: below row4 empty? (4,3),(4,4) empty -> k moves to row4. After: i4, k4? Wait k at row4 now, but i also at row4. They are at same row but different columns (i cols1-2, k cols3-4), no overlap, allowed. Now k at row4, i at row4. t3.5: i cannot move. k: below row5 empty? (5,3),(5,4) empty -> k moves to row5. After: i4, k5. Now k is below i (row5 > row4). So indeed, a bar initially above (k row1) ended up below a bar initially below (i row2). They don't overlap, so it's allowed. Does this violate any invariant? Not really, because they don't overlap, so there is no constraint that relative order must be preserved. So in general, for non-overlapping bars, they can pass each other vertically. This is important: our earlier statement that relative order is preserved only for overlapping bars. For non-overlapping, they can cross.

Now, does our algorithm account for this? In our algorithm, we process bars in descending initial R. For bars that do not overlap, they are independent. In the example, i (R=2) and k (R=1). Since they don't overlap, when processing k (R=1) after i (R=2), we will compute r_k based on the current min over its interval, which may include bars that are below it, possibly including i if i's interval overlaps k's? But they don't overlap, so i's interval does not intersect k's interval. So k's query will not see i. Thus, k's final row may be determined by other bars. In the example, k ended at row5, i at row4. Let's see if our algorithm would produce that.

We need to include the blocking bar j at row5 cols1-2. Let's define bars:

- i: R=2, C=1, L=2 (cols1-2)
- k: R=1, C=3, L=2 (cols3-4)
- j: R=5, C=1, L=2 (cols1-2) (bottom)

H=5.

Sort by R descending: j (5), i (2), k (1). Process:

Init INF=6.

j: interval [1,2], query INF -> r_j = H=5. Update [1,2] assign 5.

i: interval [1,2], query min =5 -> r_i =5-1=4. Update [1,2] assign 4.

k: interval [3,4], query min = INF -> r_k = H=5. Update [3,4] assign 5.

Result: i=4, k=5, j=5. That matches the simulation (i4, k5, j5). Good.

So algorithm works even when non-overlapping bars cross.

Now, consider a scenario where a bar i is above bar j, they overlap, so order preserved. Our algorithm processes j first (since larger R), sets r_j, then i gets r_i = min(r_j, maybe others) -1. That ensures i above j.

Now, what about a bar that overlaps with multiple bars below, and the minimum r_j might come from a bar that is not the one that is directly below i in the final configuration because that bar might be "covered" by another bar that sits between i and it? But if there is a bar between i and the minimum r_j, that bar would have a row between r_i+1 and r_j, which would be less than r_j, contradicting that r_j is the minimum. So no.

Thus, algorithm appears correct.

Now, we need to implement segment tree with range assign and range min. Since we only need to assign values that are decreasing, we could also use a simpler data structure: a disjoint set union to skip already assigned columns? But because we need range min query, segment tree is appropriate.

Implementation plan:

- Define a class SegTree with:
  - n: number of columns (W)
  - size: power of two maybe
  - data: array of min values
  - lazy: array of assignment values (or -1 for none)

- build: initialize data with INF, lazy with -1.

- apply(node, value): set data[node] = value, lazy[node] = value.

- push(node): if lazy[node] != -1, apply to children, then set lazy[node] = -1.

- update(l, r, value): recursive function that assigns value to range [l, r].

- query(l, r): returns min.

Since W up to 2e5, recursion depth log W is fine.

But we must be careful about 1-indexing. We'll use 1-indexed columns.

Now, we need to store bars. We'll create a list of tuples (R_i, C_i, L_i, original_index). Sort by R_i descending.

Then process.

Edge Cases:

- If a bar's interval is large, update range.

- If H is large, INF = H+1 works.

Now, we should test on some custom cases.

Case: H=3, W=3, N=2. Bar1: R=1, C=1, L=3 (covers all). Bar2: R=2, C=1, L=3 (covers all). They overlap. Process: sort by R descending: bar2 (2), bar1 (1). Init INF=4. Bar2: query [1,3] INF -> r2=3. Update [1,3]=3. Bar1: query [1,3] min=3 -> r1=2. Update [1,3]=2. Final: bar1=2, bar2=3. Simulate: t0.5: bar1 cannot move (below bar2), bar2 moves to 3. t1.5: bar1 moves to 2 (since below row3 occupied by bar2). t2.5: bar1 cannot move (below row3 occupied). So final rows 2 and 3. Good.

Case: H=3, W=3, N=2. Bar1: R=1, C=1, L=1. Bar2: R=2, C=3, L=1. They don't overlap. Process: bar2 first: query [3,3] INF -> r2=3. Update col3=3. bar1: query [1,1] INF -> r1=3. Update col1=3. Final both at row3. Simulate: both fall to bottom. Good.

Case: H=3, W=3, N=2. Bar1: R=1, C=1, L=2. Bar2: R=2, C=2, L=2 (cols2-3). They overlap at col2. Process: bar2 first: query [2,3] INF -> r2=3. Update cols2,3=3. bar1: query [1,2] min = min(INF,3)=3 -> r1=2. Update cols1,2=2. Final: bar1=2, bar2=3. Simulate: t0.5: bar1 cannot move (below (2,1) empty? Actually below bar1: (2,1) empty, (2,2) occupied by bar2 -> not all empty, so bar1 cannot move. bar2: below (3,2) empty, (3,3) empty -> moves to 3. t1.5: bar1: below (2,1) empty, (2,2) now empty? bar2 moved to 3, so (2,2) empty -> all empty, bar1 moves to 2. t2.5: bar1: below (3,1) empty, (3,2) occupied by bar2 -> not all empty, so stop. bar2 bottom. So final bar1=2, bar2=3. Good.

Now, consider a case where a bar is supported by two bars below that are at different rows, and the minimum r_j is from one, but the other might be higher and also overlapping. That's fine.

Now, what about a bar that has no overlapping bars below, but there is a bar below that does not overlap? Then it falls to bottom. Our query will return INF because no overlapping bar covers its columns, so r_i = H. That's correct.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a bar might be blocked by a bar that is not initially below it but becomes below it due to crossing of non-overlapping bars. For example, bar A (cols1-2) initially above bar B (cols3-4). They don't overlap. B could fall and end up below A, but since they don't overlap, B cannot block A because blocking requires overlap. So A's support only comes from overlapping bars. So our query only considers bars that overlap its interval, which is correct.

Thus, algorithm seems robust.

Now, we must ensure that the segment tree update with assign works correctly when we assign a value to a range that partially overlaps with previous assignments. Since we always assign a value that is smaller than existing values in that range, we can simply assign. However, what if the range includes columns that have not been updated before (INF)? That's fine.

But we must be careful: When we assign a value to a range, we are effectively saying that for those columns, the minimum r among bars covering that column is now this new value (since it's smaller). But is it always true that after adding this bar, the minimum for those columns becomes exactly r_i? Yes, because r_i is smaller than any previous value. So assign is correct.

Now, we need to think about the possibility that a bar's interval might be partially covered by a previously placed bar that has a smaller r? That would contradict the fact that r_i is smaller than all existing values in that interval, because if there was a previously placed bar with smaller r covering some column in the interval, then the query min would have returned that smaller value, and r_i would be that smaller value -1, which would be even smaller, so r_i would be less than that smaller value? Wait, if there is a previously placed bar with r = x covering some column in the interval, then the query min would be x (assuming x is the minimum). Then r_i = x-1, which is less than x. So r_i is smaller than x. So when we update, we assign r_i which is smaller than x, so it's fine. But what about columns that are covered by that previous bar with r=x? After update, the minimum for those columns becomes min(x, r_i) = r_i because r_i < x. So assign overwrites. That's correct.

Now, consider a scenario where a column is covered by two previously placed bars with different r values, say one with r=5 and another with r=7. The minimum is 5. When we add a new bar with r_i = 4, we assign 4 to all columns in its interval. That will set the minimum to 4, which is correct because the new bar covers those columns with r=4, which is the new minimum. So assign works.

Thus, segment tree with range assign is appropriate.

Now, we need to be mindful of the fact that we are processing bars in descending R_i, but what about bars with same R_i that overlap? They cannot overlap because they'd share cells. So they are disjoint. So updating one won't affect the other's interval. However, if they are disjoint, assigning one won't affect the other's query because the other's interval doesn't intersect. So order doesn't matter.

But what if two bars with same R_i have intervals that are adjacent but not overlapping? Still fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a bar's computed r_i might be less than its initial R_i? That would mean it moves up, impossible. But as argued, r_i >= R_i. Let's verify: For a bar i, if there is an overlapping bar j with r_j > R_i, then m = min r_j could be as low as R_i+1? Actually, since r_j >= R_j > R_i, the minimum r_j is at least R_i+1. So r_i = m-1 >= R_i. If no overlapping bar, r_i = H >= R_i. So okay.

Now, we should test a case where a bar is initially at row H (bottom). Then in sorting, it will be processed early. Its query might return some value if there is an overlapping bar below? There can't be any bar below because it's at bottom. But could there be a bar with R_j > H? No. So query returns INF, r_i = H. Update with H. That's fine.

Now, consider a bar that is initially at row H but there is another bar also at row H that overlaps? Not allowed.

Now, we should also think about the possibility of integer overflow? Not an issue.

Now, let's consider the time complexity: Sorting O(N log N). Segment tree operations O(log W) each, total O(N log W). With N, W up to 2e5, fine.

Memory: segment tree with 4*W nodes, each storing two ints (min and lazy). That's about 4*2e5*8 bytes ~ 6.4 MB, fine.

Now, we need to implement the segment tree. We'll use iterative segment tree maybe simpler? But range assign with lazy is easier with recursive.

Given constraints, recursion depth up to log2(2e5) ~ 18, safe.

We'll implement a class:

class SegTree:
    def __init__(self, n, INF):
        self.N = 1
        while self.N < n:
            self.N <<= 1
        self.INF = INF
        self.data = [INF] * (2 * self.N)
        self.lazy = [None] * (2 * self.N)  # None means no pending assign

    def push(self, k, l, r):
        if self.lazy[k] is not None and l != r:
            self.data[2*k] = self.lazy[k]
            self.lazy[2*k] = self.lazy[k]
            self.data[2*k+1] = self.lazy[k]
            self.lazy[2*k+1] = self.lazy[k]
            self.lazy[k] = None

    def update(self, a, b, val, k=1, l=0, r=None):
        if r is None:
            r = self.N - 1
        if b < l or r < a:
            return
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            self.data[k] = val
            self.lazy[k] = val
            return
        self.push(k, l, r)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        self.update(a, b, val, 2*k, l, mid)
        self.update(a, b, val, 2*k+1, mid+1, r)
        self.data[k] = min(self.data[2*k], self.data[2*k+1])

    def query(self, a, b, k=1, l=0, r=None):
        if r is None:
            r = self.N - 1
        if b < l or r < a:
            return self.INF
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            return self.data[k]
        self.push(k, l, r)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        return min(self.query(a, b, 2*k, l, mid), self.query(a, b, 2*k+1, mid+1, r))

But note: Our columns are 1-indexed. We can map to 0-indexed internally by subtracting 1. We'll adjust.

Simplify: We'll build segment tree over size W, with indices 0..W-1. Then for bar with columns [C, C+L-1], we convert to 0-index: left = C-1, right = C+L-2.

Now, INF = H+1.

Now, we need to store results in an array ans of size N.

Processing:

bars = [(R_i, C_i, L_i, i) for i in range(N)]
bars.sort(key=lambda x: -x[0])  # descending R

seg = SegTree(W, INF)

for R, C, L, idx in bars:
    l = C-1
    r = C+L-2
    m = seg.query(l, r)
    if m == INF:
        r_i = H
    else:
        r_i = m - 1
    ans[idx] = r_i
    seg.update(l, r, r_i)

After loop, print ans[i] for i in range(N).

Now, we should test on some random cases by brute force for small H,W,N to ensure correctness. Since we can't run here, but we can reason.

But there might be a subtlety: The recursion r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 relies on the fact that the bar i will fall until it is directly above the closest overlapping bar. However, is it possible that the closest overlapping bar is not directly below i because there is another bar that occupies the row between i and that bar but does not overlap i? That bar would be in a different column, so it wouldn't block i. So i could still fall past it. So i would end up at r_j - 1. So fine.

But what if the closest overlapping bar is at row m, but there is another bar that overlaps i and is at row m as well? Then i would be blocked at m-1. That's consistent.

Now, consider a scenario where there are two overlapping bars below i, one at row m and another at row m+1. The minimum is m, so i ends at m-1. That seems correct.

Now, consider a scenario where the minimum r_j comes from a bar that overlaps i, but that bar itself might move later? But we process from bottom up, so when we process i, all bars with larger initial R have already been assigned their final rows (according to our algorithm). But is it guaranteed that the final rows we compute for those bars are indeed the true final rows from the sequential process? We are assuming the recursion holds, and we are computing it in a bottom-up manner. This is essentially a DP. We need to ensure that the computed r_j are correct and that the recursion is valid. Since the dependency graph is a DAG (by initial R), processing in topological order (descending R) should yield correct values if the recurrence holds.

But we must verify that the recurrence r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 is indeed true for the final state of the sequential process. Let's attempt a more formal proof.

Define the process. Let final rows be R'_i. Consider bar i. In the final configuration, bar i cannot move down. So either R'_i = H, or there exists at least one column c in its interval such that the cell (R'_i+1, c) is occupied by some bar j. Since bars only move down, and initial order for overlapping bars is preserved, any bar j that occupies (R'_i+1, c) must have initial R_j > R_i (because if R_j <= R_i and they overlap, then j would be above or same row initially, but could it end up below i? If they overlap, order preserved, so j cannot end below i if initially above. So j must have initial R_j > R_i). Thus, j is in S_i. Moreover, for any such j, we have R'_j = R'_i+1 (since it occupies that cell). Also, for any other bar k in S_i, we have R'_k >= R'_i+1? Not necessarily, but at least one has equality.

Now, consider the minimum final row among bars in S_i: let m = min_{j in S_i} R'_j. Since there exists at least one j with R'_j = R'_i+1, we have m <= R'_i+1. Also, for any j in S_i, R'_j >= R'_i+1? Not necessarily; could there be a bar in S_i with R'_j < R'_i+1? That would mean that bar is above i, contradicting order preservation because if they overlap and R_j > R_i initially, then in final we must have R'_j > R'_i (since order preserved). So R'_j > R'_i. The smallest possible greater than R'_i is R'_i+1. So R'_j >= R'_i+1. Therefore, for all j in S_i, R'_j >= R'_i+1. Hence, m >= R'_i+1. Combined with m <= R'_i+1, we get m = R'_i+1. So indeed, R'_i = m - 1.

Thus, the recurrence holds rigorously, given the order preservation for overlapping bars. We used the fact that for overlapping bars, initial R_j > R_i implies final R'_j > R'_i. Is that always true? We argued earlier that overlapping bars cannot cross. Let's prove: Suppose i and j overlap and initially R_i < R_j. Consider the process. At any time, they occupy distinct rows because they cannot overlap cells. Could there be a time when R_i(t) > R_j(t)? That would mean i is below j. To achieve that, there must be a time when they are at the same row, because they move one row at a time. But they cannot be at the same row because they'd overlap. So it's impossible. Thus, R_i(t) < R_j(t) for all t. Hence final R'_i < R'_j. So order preserved.

Thus, recurrence is valid.

Now, what about bars that do not overlap? They are not in S_i, and they don't affect the recurrence. So our algorithm that only considers overlapping bars via the per-column minimum is correct because the minimum over columns of the per-column minima exactly captures the minimum R'_j among bars that overlap i (since any bar that overlaps i will cover at least one column in i's interval, and its R'_j will be the value for that column if it's the minimum for that column; but could there be a bar that overlaps i but its R'_j is not the minimum for any column in i's interval because another bar with even smaller R' covers the same column? That other bar would also overlap i (since it covers that column), and its R' would be smaller, so the minimum among overlapping bars would be that smaller R', which would be captured as the column minimum. So the column minimum gives the minimum R' among overlapping bars. Good.

Thus, algorithm is correct.

Now, we should consider the case where a bar i has S_i non-empty, but the minimum R'_j among them might be from a bar that does not cover the entire interval, but that's fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a bar i might be supported by a bar that is not in S_i because that bar was initially above i but crossed over? But as argued, if they overlap, crossing is impossible. If they don't overlap, they can't support because support requires overlap. So S_i is exactly the set of bars that can support i.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, we need to implement segment tree efficiently.

Potential pitfalls: The segment tree's lazy assignment might need to handle large ranges. We'll implement recursively.

But we can also use an iterative segment tree with lazy propagation? More complex. Recursive is fine.

However, Python recursion depth for segment tree functions could be deep if we use recursion for each update/query. But depth is O(log W) ~ 18, so fine. But we will have many calls (2 per bar), total 4e5 calls, each recursion depth ~18, total operations ~7e6, acceptable in Python if optimized.

But we must be careful with default recursion limit; it's fine.

We can also implement segment tree using arrays and loops for speed, but not necessary.

We'll write a class with methods.

Now, we also need to consider that W can be up to 2e5, and we might need to build the tree with size as power of two for simplicity.

Implementation details:

- Use 0-indexed internal representation.
- INF = H + 1 (since H <= 2e5, H+1 <= 200001, safe).
- For query, if range is empty? Not happen.

Now, test on sample 3 we already did.

Now, consider edge case: N=0? Not possible, N>=1.

Now, consider case where a bar's interval length L_i could be up to W, so update range large.

Now, we should also think about memory: storing bars list of size N.

Now, we produce final code.

But before finalizing, let's double-check the logic with a more complex random test by mental simulation.

Consider H=4, W=4, bars:
A: R=1, C=1, L=2 (cols1-2)
B: R=2, C=3, L=2 (cols3-4)
C: R=3, C=2, L=2 (cols2-3)
D: R=4, C=1, L=1 (col1) (bottom initially)

We'll compute with algorithm.

Sort by R descending: D(4), C(3), B(2), A(1). Process:

INF=5.

D: interval [1,1] query INF -> rD=4. Update col1=4.

C: interval [2,3] query min over cols2,3 = INF -> rC=4? Actually H=4, so rC=4. Update cols2,3=4.

B: interval [3,4] query min over cols3,4: col3=4, col4=INF -> min=4 -> rB=3. Update cols3,4=3.

A: interval [1,2] query min over cols1,2: col1=4, col2=4 -> min=4 -> rA=3. Update cols1,2=3.

Final: A=3, B=3, C=4, D=4.

Now, simulate manually to see if plausible.

Initial: A1(1-2), B2(3-4), C3(2-3), D4(1). H=4.

t0.5: Process A: below (2,1) empty? D at row4, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty? C at row3 col2-3, so (2,2) empty -> all empty, A moves to row2. B: below (3,3) empty? C at row3 col2-3, so (3,3) occupied by C? Actually C at row3 covers cols2-3, so (3,3) is occupied. So B cannot move. C: below (4,2) empty? D at row4 col1, so (4,2) empty, (4,3) empty -> all empty, C moves to row4. D: bottom. After: A2, B2, C4, D4.

t1.5: A: below (3,1) empty? C at4, D at4, so (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty? C at4, so (3,2) empty -> all empty, A moves to row3. B: below (3,3) now? C moved to4, so (3,3) empty, (3,4) empty -> all empty, B moves to row3. C: bottom. D: bottom. After: A3, B3, C4, D4.

t2.5: A: below (4,1) occupied by D, (4,2) empty? C at4 col2? C at4 covers cols2-3, so (4,2) occupied by C. So both occupied? (4,1) D, (4,2) C -> not all empty, A cannot move. B: below (4,3) occupied by C, (4,4) empty -> not all empty, B cannot move. So final: A3, B3, C4, D4. Matches algorithm.

Now, consider a case where a bar is supported by two bars that are at different rows, and the minimum r_j is from one, but the other might be higher and also overlapping. That's fine.

Now, consider a case where a bar i overlaps with bar j, and j is below i, but there is also a bar k that is below i and overlaps i, but k does not overlap j? That doesn't matter.

Now, consider a case where the minimum r_j comes from a bar that does not cover the entire interval, but there is another bar with slightly larger r that covers the rest, and i might need support in all columns to be stable? No, only need at least one column occupied below. So i can be supported by a single column. So it's fine.

Thus, algorithm seems correct.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a bar being supported by a bar that is not in S_i because that bar was initially above i but crossed over due to non-overlap? But if it crossed over, it would be below i, but since they don't overlap, it cannot support i because support requires overlap. So not relevant.

Now, we should think about the scenario where a bar i has S_i non-empty, but the minimum r_j is from a bar that is not directly below i because there is a gap? But as argued, if there is a gap, i would fall further. So the minimum r_j must be such that i can reach r_j-1. But could there be a situation where i cannot reach r_j-1 because some other bar occupies the row r_j-1 in a column that i needs to pass through? That other bar would be overlapping i and have row r_j-1, which would be less than r_j, contradicting minimality. So no.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, we need to implement.

Potential optimization: Since we only need range assign and range min, we could use a segment tree with lazy propagation as described.

But we can also use a simpler approach: Since we always assign a value that is decreasing, we could maintain a data structure that for each column stores the current minimum r, and for query we need the minimum over a range. This is exactly a segment tree.

Alternatively, we could use a Fenwick tree for range minimum? Fenwick tree supports prefix min but not arbitrary range min with updates that are assignments (not point updates). But we could use a segment tree.

Now, we should also consider that we might not need lazy propagation if we do point updates after computing r_i? But we need to update a range of columns to a value. Doing point updates for each column would be O(L) per bar, which could be O(N*W) in worst case (if L large). So we need range update.

Thus, segment tree with lazy assign is appropriate.

Now, we must be careful about the lazy propagation implementation: When we assign a value to a node that fully covers the segment, we set its min and lazy. When we later need to go deeper, we push the lazy to children. This works.

Now, we need to ensure that the segment tree is built with size power of two for simplicity. We'll implement with size N = 1 << (W-1).bit_length().

We'll store data and lazy arrays of length 2*size.

Implementation steps:

- size = 1
- while size < W: size <<= 1
- data = [INF] * (2*size)
- lazy = [None] * (2*size)

Functions:

def apply(k, val):
    data[k] = val
    lazy[k] = val

def push(k):
    if lazy[k] is not None:
        apply(k*2, lazy[k])
        apply(k*2+1, lazy[k])
        lazy[k] = None

def update(a, b, val, k=1, l=0, r=size-1):
    if b < l or r < a:
        return
    if a <= l and r <= b:
        apply(k, val)
        return
    push(k)
    mid = (l+r)//2
    update(a,b,val,k*2,l,mid)
    update(a,b,val,k*2+1,mid+1,r)
    data[k] = min(data[k*2], data[k*2+1])

def query(a,b,k=1,l=0,r=size-1):
    if b < l or r < a:
        return INF
    if a <= l and r <= b:
        return data[k]
    push(k)
    mid = (l+r)//2
    return min(query(a,b,k*2,l,mid), query(a,b,k*2+1,mid+1,r))

Note: We need to ensure that indices a,b are within [0, size-1]. Since W may be less than size, we will only query/update within [0, W-1]. The extra columns beyond W-1 should remain INF and never be queried. But our updates only affect columns within [0,W-1], so we must clip the range to [0,W-1] before calling update/query. Actually, we can just pass a,b as is, and the segment tree covers up to size-1, but we must ensure we don't update beyond W-1. Since a,b are within [0,W-1], it's fine. The extra columns beyond W-1 will never be updated or queried, so they stay INF, which is fine.

Now, we need to be careful about the fact that size may be larger than W, and the leaves beyond W-1 should remain INF. Our update will only affect leaves within [a,b] which are within [0,W-1], so those leaves will be updated. The internal nodes covering ranges that include both updated and non-updated leaves will have min computed correctly because the non-updated leaves remain INF. That's fine.

Now, we should test with a small case where W=1. Then size=1. Update and query on range [0,0] works.

Now, we need to handle the case where L_i may be 0? No, L_i >=1.

Now, we should also consider that the computed r_i might be less than 1? Since r_i = m-1, and m >= 1? m is at least 1 (since rows start at 1). Could m be 1? That would mean there is a bar at row 1 below i? But if i is above, its row must be less than that bar's row, so i would be at row 0, impossible. But can m be 1? Only if there is a bar at row 1 that overlaps i and is below i. But if that bar is at row 1, then i must be above it, so i's row would be 0, which is invalid. However, could such a situation occur? Initially, all bars have R_i >=1. If there is a bar at row 1, it's the topmost possible. For another bar i to be above it, i would need R_i < 1, impossible. So m cannot be 1. The minimum possible m is 2? Actually, consider i at row 1, and a bar j at row 2 overlapping i. Then m=2, r_i=1. So r_i >=1. So fine.

Thus, r_i will be at least 1.

Now, we should also consider that H can be as low as 1. If H=1, then bottom row is 1. Bars cannot move because they are already at bottom or above? If a bar is at row 1, it's at bottom. If a bar is at row >1, impossible because rows only up to H. So all bars have R_i=1. Then our algorithm: sort by R descending (all 1). Process each: query min over interval, initially INF, so r_i = H =1. Update with 1. That's correct.

Now, we should test with H=1, W=5, N=2, bars at row1 cols1-2 and cols3-4. They don't overlap. Both get r=1. Good.

Now, we should consider the possibility of integer overflow? No.

Now, we can finalize the solution.

But before finalizing, let's think about the proof of the recurrence more thoroughly, especially the step that for all j in S_i, R'_j >= R'_i+1. We used order preservation: since they overlap and initially R_j > R_i, we have R'_j > R'_i. But is it strictly >? Could they be equal? They cannot be equal because they would overlap in the same row? Actually, if they overlap and are in the same row, they would occupy overlapping cells, which is not allowed. So they must be in different rows. Since R'_j > R'_i, the smallest possible difference is 1. So R'_j >= R'_i+1. Good.

Now, the existence of at least one j with R'_j = R'_i+1 comes from the fact that i is blocked: there exists some column c where (R'_i+1, c) is occupied by some bar j. That bar j must overlap i at column c, so j in S_i, and R'_j = R'_i+1. So indeed m = R'_i+1.

Thus, recurrence holds.

Now, we should also consider if there could be a bar i that is blocked by the bottom row, i.e., R'_i = H. Then there is no j with R'_j = H+1 (since no bar there). In that case, S_i could be empty or non-empty? If S_i non-empty, then there would be some j with R'_j > R'_i, but then R'_i would be less than H, contradiction. So if R'_i = H, then S_i must be empty. Because if there was any overlapping bar below, its final row would be > H? impossible. So S_i empty. So our algorithm's condition (m == INF) corresponds to S_i empty.

Thus, algorithm is consistent.

Now, we should also think about the scenario where a bar i has S_i non-empty but the minimum r_j is INF? That can't happen because if S_i non-empty, there is at least one bar j processed before i (since R_j > R_i), and we would have updated its columns with its r_j, so the query would return some finite value. So m will be finite.

Now, we need to ensure that when we process bars in descending R, we indeed process all bars with larger R before i. This includes bars that might have the same R but are not in S_i because they don't overlap. That's fine.

Now, what about bars that have larger R but do not overlap i? They won't affect the query because they don't cover columns in i's interval. So they are irrelevant.

Thus, algorithm is correct.

Now, we can implement.

But there is one more nuance: The recurrence r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 depends on the final rows of bars in S_i. However, when we process i, we have computed r_j for all j with R_j > R_i. But is it guaranteed that those r_j are final? Yes, because we process in descending R, and the dependency graph is acyclic, so by the time we process i, all bars that could influence i (those with larger R) have been processed and their r_j are determined. However, could there be a bar k with R_k > R_i that is not in S_i (doesn't overlap) but later, after we process i, some bar with R < R_i might affect k? No, because k's final row should not depend on bars above it (since they are above). So k's final row is determined solely by bars with larger R (which are already processed). So processing in descending R yields correct r_j.

Thus, algorithm is sound.

Now, we can write the final code.

We'll include fast I/O.

Potential improvements: Use sys.stdin.buffer.read() to read all input quickly.

We'll parse integers.

Implementation steps in code:

import sys

def main():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    H, W, N = map(int, input().split())
    bars = []
    for i in range(N):
        R, C, L = map(int, input().split())
        bars.append((R, C, L, i))
    bars.sort(key=lambda x: -x[0])  # descending R

    INF = H + 1

    # Segment tree
    size = 1
    while size < W:
        size <<= 1
    data = [INF] * (2 * size)
    lazy = [None] * (2 * size)

    def apply(k, val):
        data[k] = val
        lazy[k] = val

    def push(k):
        if lazy[k] is not None:
            apply(k*2, lazy[k])
            apply(k*2+1, lazy[k])
            lazy[k] = None

    def update(a, b, val, k=1, l=0, r=size-1):
        if b < l or r < a:
            return
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            apply(k, val)
            return
        push(k)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        update(a, b, val, k*2, l, mid)
        update(a, b, val, k*2+1, mid+1, r)
        data[k] = min(data[k*2], data[k*2+1])

    def query(a, b, k=1, l=0, r=size-1):
        if b < l or r < a:
            return INF
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            return data[k]
        push(k)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        return min(query(a, b, k*2, l, mid), query(a, b, k*2+1, mid+1, r))

    ans = [0] * N

    for R, C, L, idx in bars:
        l = C - 1
        r = C + L - 2
        m = query(l, r)
        if m == INF:
            r_i = H
        else:
            r_i = m - 1
        ans[idx] = r_i
        update(l, r, r_i)

    out = '\n'.join(map(str, ans))
    sys.stdout.write(out)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

Now, we should test with given samples.

Sample 1: we already did.

Sample 2: works.

Sample 3: works.

Now, consider a case where a bar's interval is exactly the whole width, and there are many bars. Should work.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the segment tree's lazy assignment might cause issues when we assign a value to a range that partially overlaps with a previously assigned range that had a smaller value? But we argued new value is always smaller, so it's fine. However, what if due to some bug, the new value is not smaller? Let's verify: m = query(l,r) is the current minimum over that range. Since we haven't updated this bar yet, the current minimum is the smallest r among bars that overlap this interval and have been processed (i.e., with larger initial R). Those bars have r >= something. The new r_i = m-1, so r_i < m. Therefore, r_i is strictly less than any value currently in that range. So it's smaller. So safe.

Now, we should also consider that the segment tree might have values from bars that do not overlap the interval but are in the same columns? No, if a bar doesn't overlap the interval, it doesn't cover those columns, so it wouldn't have updated those columns. So the values in the interval come only from overlapping bars. So m is indeed the minimum r among overlapping bars below.

Thus, algorithm is correct.

Now, we can finalize.

But before finalizing, let's think about an alternative approach: using a priority queue or something, but segment tree is fine.

Now, we should ensure that we use iterative segment tree for speed? Recursive with Python might be okay for 2e5 operations, but each operation does several recursive calls. 2e5 * log2(2e5) ~ 2e5 * 18 = 3.6e6 calls, each call does some work. Should be okay within time limit (typical 2 sec?). Python might be borderline but likely okay with optimized code. We can micro-opt: use local variables, avoid function call overhead by inlining? But we can keep as is.

Alternatively, we could use a segment tree implemented with arrays and loops for range min query and range assign using lazy propagation with iterative approach? More complex.

We can also use a "segment tree beats"? Not needed.

We can also use a Fenwick tree with range updates and range minima? Not straightforward.

Thus, we'll stick with recursive segment tree.

But we should be careful about recursion depth in Python for the segment tree functions. The depth is log2(size) ~ 18, so fine.

Now, we should also consider that we might have many bars, and for each we do a query and an update. That's 2 * N operations.

Now, test with maximum constraints: N=2e5, W=2e5. Segment tree size ~ 2*2^18 = 524288, okay.

Now, we need to ensure that we use sys.setrecursionlimit if needed, but depth is small.

Now, we can finalize the code.

But wait, there is a subtlety: The recurrence r_i = min_{j in S_i} r_j - 1 assumes that the bar i will be exactly one row above the closest overlapping bar. However, is it possible that the closest overlapping bar is not directly below i because there is another bar that occupies the row between i and that bar but does not overlap i? That wouldn't block i, so i could fall past it. So i would end at r_j - 1. So fine.

But what if the closest overlapping bar is at row m, but there is a bar that occupies row m-1 in some column of i's interval? That bar would be overlapping i and have row m-1, which is less than m, contradicting that m is the minimum. So not possible.

Thus, fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a bar i might be supported by a bar that is not in S_i because that bar was initially above i but crossed over due to non-overlap and then moved below i and overlaps? If they didn't overlap initially, they never will because column ranges fixed. So they cannot start overlapping later. So no.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, we can produce final answer.

But before final, let's test with a random small case by mental enumeration or by writing a brute-force simulator for small H,W,N to verify. Since we can't run here, we can reason about a tricky case.

Consider H=3, W=3, bars:
A: R=1, C=1, L=2 (1-2)
B: R=2, C=2, L=2 (2-3)
C: R=3, C=1, L=1 (1) (bottom initially)

We'll compute with algorithm.

Sort by R descending: C(3), B(2), A(1). INF=4.

C: interval [1,1] query INF -> rC=3. Update col1=3.

B: interval [2,3] query min over cols2,3 = INF -> rB=3? H=3, so rB=3. Update cols2,3=3.

A: interval [1,2] query min over cols1,2: col1=3, col2=3 -> min=3 -> rA=2. Update cols1,2=2.

Final: A=2, B=3, C=3.

Now simulate:

Initial: A1(1-2), B2(2-3), C3(1).

t0.5: A: below (2,1) empty? B at2 col2-3, so (2,1) empty, (2,2) occupied by B -> not all empty, A cannot move. B: below (3,2) empty? C at3 col1, so (3,2) empty, (3,3) empty -> all empty, B moves to 3. C: bottom. After: A1, B3, C3.

t1.5: A: below (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty (B moved to3) -> all empty, A moves to 2. B: bottom. C: bottom. After: A2, B3, C3.

t2.5: A: below (3,1) occupied by C, (3,2) occupied by B -> not all empty, A cannot move. So final A2, B3, C3. Matches.

Now, consider a case where a bar is supported by two bars that are at the same row, but that row is not the minimum? Actually, if they are at same row, that row is the minimum among overlapping bars if no smaller. So fine.

Now, consider a case where a bar i overlaps with bar j, and j is below i, but there is also a bar k that is below i and overlaps i, but k has a smaller r than j? Then min is k, so i ends above k.

Now, consider a case where a bar i overlaps with bar j, and j is below i, but j itself is supported by i? No, j is below, so i above.

Now, all good.

Thus, we can finalize.

Now, we should also think about the possibility of using a simpler data structure: since we only need the minimum over an interval, and we are doing range assign with decreasing values, we could use a disjoint set to skip columns that have already been assigned a value less than current? But we need the minimum, not just any. So segment tree is appropriate.

Now, we should ensure that the segment tree's lazy propagation correctly handles overlapping updates. For example, after updating [1,3] with 5, then updating [2,4] with 4, the segment tree should have col1=5, col2=4, col3=4, col4=4. Our recursive update with push should handle this.

Let's test mentally: size=4 (for W=4). Initially data all INF. Update [0,2] (cols1-3) with 5. This will set nodes covering [0,2] to 5. Then update [1,3] with 4. This will traverse, and when it reaches nodes that are fully covered, it will assign 4, overwriting previous lazy. The final leaves should be correct. So fine.

Now, we should consider that we might have many updates, and lazy propagation may cause many pushes, but overall O(N log W).

Now, we can finalize the code.

But we need to be careful about the indexing: Our segment tree uses 0-indexed leaves representing columns 0..size-1. We'll only update/query within [0, W-1]. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider that the input might have bars with C_i + L_i - 1 > W? Constraint ensures it's within.

Now, final code.

We'll add a small optimization: Use iterative reading.

Now, we can produce final answer.

But before final, let's double-check the sample 3 with our algorithm to ensure no off-by-one: We did and matched.

Now, we should also test a case where a bar's interval is a single column and there are multiple bars in that column. For example, H=5, W=1, N=3. Bars: A: R=1, C=1, L=1; B: R=2, C=1, L=1; C: R=3, C=1, L=1. They all overlap. Sort descending: C(3), B(2), A(1). Process: C: query col0 INF -> rC=5. Update col0=5. B: query min=5 -> rB=4. Update col0=4. A: query min=4 -> rA=3. Update col0=3. Final: A=3, B=4, C=5. Simulate: They will stack. Good.

Now, consider a case where there is a gap in support: H=5, W=2, bars: A: R=1, C=1, L=2 (cols1-2); B: R=3, C=1, L=1 (col1); C: R=4, C=2, L=1 (col2). Process: Sort: C(4), B(3), A(1). INF=6. C: interval col2 -> query INF -> rC=5. Update col2=5. B: interval col1 -> query INF -> rB=5. Update col1=5. A: interval cols1-2 -> query min = min(5,5)=5 -> rA=4. Update cols1-2=4. Final: A=4, B=5, C=5. Simulate: Initially A1, B3, C4. t0.5: A: below (2,1) empty, (2,2) empty -> moves to2. B: below (4,1) empty? C at4 col2, so (4,1) empty -> moves to4. C: below (5,2) empty -> moves to5. After: A2, B4, C5. t1.5: A: below (3,1) empty, (3,2) empty -> moves to3. B: below (5,1) empty? C at5 col2, so (5,1) empty -> moves to5. C: bottom. After: A3, B5, C5. t2.5: A: below (4,1) empty? B at5, so (4,1) empty, (4,2) empty -> moves to4. B: bottom. After: A4, B5, C5. t3.5: A: below (5,1) occupied by B, (5,2) occupied by C -> cannot move. So final A4, B5, C5. Matches.

Now, consider a case where a bar is supported by a bar that is not the minimum because the minimum bar is not directly below due to a gap? But we already argued that can't happen.

Thus, algorithm is correct.

Now, we can write final solution.

But we should also consider if there is any scenario where the minimum r_j from overlapping bars is not the one that ends up directly below i because that bar might be "covered" by another bar that sits between i and it, but that bar would have a smaller r, contradicting minimality. So fine.

Now, final code.

We'll include a main function and use sys.stdin.buffer for speed.

Potential micro-optimizations: Use list comprehension for reading, but fine.

Now, we produce final answer.

We'll also add a comment explaining the approach.

Now, final output.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
```python
import sys

def main():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.readline

    H, W, N = map(int, input().split())
    bars = []
    for i in range(N):
        R, C, L = map(int, input().split())
        bars.append((R, C, L, i))

    # process from bottom to top (largest initial row first)
    bars.sort(key=lambda x: -x[0])

    INF = H + 1

    # ----- segment tree with range assign and range min -----
    size = 1
    while size < W:
        size <<= 1
    data = [INF] * (2 * size)
    lazy = [None] * (2 * size)

    def apply(k, val):
        data[k] = val
        lazy[k] = val

    def push(k):
        if lazy[k] is not None:
            apply(k * 2, lazy[k])
            apply(k * 2 + 1, lazy[k])
            lazy[k] = None

    def update(a, b, val, k=1, l=0, r=size - 1):
        if b < l or r < a:
            return
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            apply(k, val)
            return
        push(k)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        update(a, b, val, k * 2, l, mid)
        update(a, b, val, k * 2 + 1, mid + 1, r)
        data[k] = min(data[k * 2], data[k * 2 + 1])

    def query(a, b, k=1, l=0, r=size - 1):
        if b < l or r < a:
            return INF
        if a <= l and r <= b:
            return data[k]
        push(k)
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        return min(query(a, b, k * 2, l, mid),
                   query(a, b, k * 2 + 1, mid + 1, r))

    ans = [0] * N

    for R, C, L, idx in bars:
        left = C - 1          # 0‑based
        right = C + L - 2     # inclusive
        m = query(left, right)
        if m == INF:
            r_i = H
        else:
            r_i = m - 1
        ans[idx] = r_i
        update(left, right, r_i)

    sys.stdout.write('\n'.join(map(str, ans)))

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```