=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Takahashi is about to go buy eel at a fish shop.
The town where he lives is divided into a grid of H rows and W columns. Each cell is either a road or a wall.
Let us denote the cell at the i-th row from the top (1\leq i \leq H) and the j-th column from the left (1\leq j \leq W) as cell (i,j).
Information about each cell is given by H strings S_1,S_2,\ldots,S_H, each of length W. Specifically, if the j-th character of S_i (1\leq i \leq H,1\leq j\leq W) is ., cell (i,j) is a road; if it is #, cell (i,j) is a wall.
He can repeatedly perform the following two types of actions in any order:

- Move to an adjacent cell (up, down, left, or right) that is within the town and is a road.
- Choose one of the four directions (up, down, left, or right) and perform a front kick in that direction.
  When he performs a front kick, for each of the cells at most 2 steps away in that direction from the cell he is currently in, if that cell is a wall, it becomes a road.
  If some of the cells at most 2 steps away are outside the town, a front kick can still be performed, but anything outside the town does not change.

He starts in cell (A,B), and he wants to move to the fish shop in cell (C,D).
It is guaranteed that both the cell where he starts and the cell with the fish shop are roads.
Find the minimum number of front kicks he needs in order to reach the fish shop.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
H W
S_1
S_2
\vdots
S_H
A B C D

Output

Print the minimum number of front kicks needed for Takahashi to reach the fish shop.

Constraints


- 1\leq H\leq 1000
- 1\leq W\leq 1000
- Each S_i is a string of length W consisting of . and #.
- 1\leq A,C\leq H
- 1\leq B,D\leq W
- (A,B)\neq (C,D)
- H, W, A, B, C, and D are integers.
- The cell where Takahashi starts and the cell with the fish shop are roads.

Sample Input 1

10 10
..........
#########.
#.......#.
#..####.#.
##....#.#.
#####.#.#.
.##.#.#.#.
###.#.#.#.
###.#.#.#.
#.....#...
1 1 7 1

Sample Output 1

1

Takahashi starts in cell (1,1).
By repeatedly moving to adjacent road cells, he can reach cell (7,4).
If he performs a front kick to the left from cell (7,4), cells (7,3) and (7,2) turn from walls to roads.
Then, by continuing to move through road cells (including those that have become roads), he can reach the fish shop in cell (7,1).
In this case, the number of front kicks performed is 1, and it is impossible to reach the fish shop without performing any front kicks, so print 1.

Sample Input 2

2 2
.#
#.
1 1 2 2

Sample Output 2

1

Takahashi starts in cell (1,1).
When he performs a front kick to the right, cell (1,2) turns from a wall to a road.
The cell two steps to the right of (1,1) is outside the town, so it does not change.
Then, he can move to cell (1,2) and then to the fish shop in cell (2,2).
In this case, the number of front kicks performed is 1, and it is impossible to reach the fish shop without performing any front kicks, so print 1.

Sample Input 3

1 3
.#.
1 1 1 3

Sample Output 3

1

When performing a front kick, it is fine if the fish shop’s cell is within the cells that could be turned into a road. Specifically, the fish shop’s cell is a road from the beginning, so it remains unchanged; particularly, the shop is not destroyed by the front kick.

Sample Input 4

20 20
####################
##...##....###...###
#.....#.....#.....##
#..#..#..#..#..#..##
#..#..#....##..#####
#.....#.....#..#####
#.....#..#..#..#..##
#..#..#.....#.....##
#..#..#....###...###
####################
####################
##..#..##...###...##
##..#..#.....#.....#
##..#..#..#..#..#..#
##..#..#..#..#..#..#
##.....#..#..#..#..#
###....#..#..#..#..#
#####..#.....#.....#
#####..##...###...##
####################
3 3 18 18

Sample Output 4

3

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to write a solution to this problem. Let's restate the problem:

We have a grid of HxW (H,W <= 1000). Cells are '.' (road) or '#' (wall). We can move to adjacent road cells (up/down/left/right) at zero cost. We can also perform a "front kick" in a chosen direction: from current cell, we look at up to distance 2 in that direction (i.e., cells at distance 1 and 2) and turn any walls into roads. This action has cost 1. We want minimum number of front kicks to reach (C,D) from (A,B). Both start and goal are roads.

We can think of this as a shortest path problem on a graph where nodes are cells, and we have edges of weight 0 for moving to adjacent road cells, and edges of weight 1 for "teleporting" via a front kick? Actually, a front kick is an action that changes the state of the grid. This is a dynamic shortest path problem. But note that we only care about the minimum number of kicks. Since we can perform a kick at any time, and we can move after kicking, we can think of the state space as the original grid, but kicks allow us to "break" walls. The effect of a kick is that from current cell, we destroy all walls within distance 2 in a straight line. This means we can create passages.

This is equivalent to: we can move along roads (cost 0), and from any cell, we can "jump" to any cell within distance 2 in the four cardinal directions, paying cost 1, and also all intermediate cells become roads (but we don't care about intermediate cells becoming roads for future because we could just walk through them; however, we might need them to move later). Actually, if we kick, we destroy walls up to distance 2 in that direction. That means we can then walk through those cells. So effectively, a kick from cell u in direction d makes all cells up to distance 2 in that direction traversable (they become roads). So we can move to any of those cells (if we couldn't before) and also we can walk through them later.

But note: if we just want to model the minimal number of kicks to reach the goal, we can think of it as: we can move freely on roads. A kick allows us to "break" a contiguous segment of walls of length up to 2 in a straight line from the current cell. This is similar to a 0-1 BFS where we have edges of weight 0 for moving to adjacent road cells, and edges of weight 1 for moving to any cell within Manhattan distance 2 in a straight line? But wait, the kick is directional: from current cell, we can break walls up to 2 steps away. That means we can enter a wall cell that is distance 1 or 2 away in that direction, and also we can continue walking from there. But we can also kick from a road cell into a wall, and then walk further. However, the kick only affects up to 2 cells. So from a road cell, we can "reach" any cell that is within distance 2 in a straight line, even if they are walls, by paying 1. But we can also chain kicks: after kicking and moving, we can kick again.

This is essentially a graph where we have edges of weight 0 between adjacent road cells, and edges of weight 1 from any cell to any cell within distance 2 in the same row or column (representing a kick). But wait: if we are in a wall cell, we can only be there if we previously kicked to get there (or it was originally a road). But we can also kick from a wall cell? The problem says: "Choose one of the four directions and perform a front kick in that direction. When he performs a front kick, for each of the cells at most 2 steps away in that direction from the cell he is currently in, if that cell is a wall, it becomes a road." It doesn't restrict that the current cell must be a road. So we can perform a kick from any cell we are standing on (which must be a road because we can only stand on roads, but after kicking, walls become roads, so we can stand on them). So we can kick from any cell we can reach.

So the graph: nodes are all cells. From any cell, we can move to adjacent cells (up/down/left/right) if they are road (cost 0). Also, from any cell, we can perform a kick: for each direction, we can break walls up to distance 2. That means we can transition to any cell that is at distance 1 or 2 in that direction, and we can also make the intermediate cells roads. But the important part is that we can move to those cells (distance 1 or 2) as part of the kick? Actually, the kick action itself is just "break walls", and then we can move. But we can combine them: we can kick, and then move to the newly created road. So effectively, a kick allows us to move to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line, paying cost 1, regardless of the original terrain, because the walls are destroyed. But we must be able to stand on the intermediate cells? For distance 2, we destroy both the cell at distance 1 and distance 2. So we can move to distance 2 by walking through the newly created road at distance 1. So yes, from a cell u, we can reach any cell v that is in the same row or column with |u - v| <= 2, by paying 1. However, if the cells were already roads, we could have moved there with cost 0 by walking. But we can also use the kick to "jump" over walls.

But wait: is it always true that we can reach any cell within distance 2 in a straight line with cost 1? Suppose we are at (r,c). We kick right. Cells (r,c+1) and (r,c+2) become roads. Then we can move to (r,c+1) and then to (r,c+2). So we can end up at (r,c+2) after 1 kick. Similarly, we can end up at (r,c+1) after 1 kick. But what if we just want to go to (r,c+1) and it was already a road? We could just walk there with cost 0. So the kick is only useful to cross walls.

So we can model the problem as: we have a graph where all cells are nodes. Edges of weight 0 between adjacent cells that are both roads. Edges of weight 1 between any cell and any cell within Manhattan distance 2 in the same row or column? But careful: The kick destroys walls up to distance 2. But what if we kick and the cell at distance 1 is a wall, but distance 2 is outside the grid? We can still kick, but only distance 1 becomes road. So we can move to distance 1. What if we kick and both distance 1 and 2 are walls? Both become roads. We can move to either. So yes, we can transition to any cell v such that v is in the same row or column and |u - v| is 1 or 2, with cost 1. But wait, if v is adjacent and is already a road, the cost 0 edge already covers it. The cost 1 edge is redundant. So we can just add edges of weight 1 from any cell to any cell up to distance 2 in the four directions. But is that exactly equivalent? Let's check: Suppose we are at (r,c). We kick right. (r,c+1) and (r,c+2) become roads. We can then move to (r,c+1) or (r,c+2). What if we want to move to (r,c+2) and (r,c+1) was already a road? Then we could just walk to (r,c+1) with cost 0, then kick from there to (r,c+2) with cost 1. Total cost 1. Our model with cost 1 edge directly to (r,c+2) would give cost 1. So it's equivalent in terms of cost. But what if we kick and then move further? The effect of the kick is that the walls become roads permanently. So later, we can walk through them without paying. In our model, once we pay 1 to reach a cell, we can then use 0-cost edges from that cell to adjacent roads. But the walls that were destroyed are now roads. Our model must reflect that the walls become roads after the kick. If we just add edges of weight 1 from u to v (distance 2), we are effectively saying we can jump to v with cost 1. But if we jump to v, we don't change the terrain for other paths. However, in the actual problem, the terrain changes globally. But since we are finding the shortest path for a single agent, and the kicks are only used to create paths, we can think of the state as the grid, but the grid changes over time. This is a dynamic graph. However, note that kicks only turn walls into roads. The optimal strategy will never require turning a wall into a road and then later not using it? Actually, we might turn a wall into a road, then move somewhere else, and later come back through that same road. But since we are doing a single path from start to goal, we can think of the path as a sequence of moves and kicks. The kicks are actions that modify the grid. We can simply think of the path as a sequence of cells visited, and we can kick at some cells. The cost is the number of kicks. The condition is that we can only move to adjacent cells that are roads at the time of the move. Since kicks only turn walls into roads, and we can perform them in any order, the set of cells that become roads is exactly the set of cells that are within distance 2 in the direction of any kick we perform. We want to find a sequence of kicks and moves that minimizes kicks.

This is equivalent to finding a path in a graph where we can move along roads for free, and we can "break" a wall by paying 1, but breaking a wall is not just breaking a single cell; it's breaking up to 2 consecutive cells in a straight line from our current position. However, we can break a wall at any time as long as we are adjacent to it? The kick is always from the cell we are currently standing on. So we can only break walls that are in a straight line from our current cell, up to distance 2. This means we can break a wall that is adjacent to us, or one that is two steps away (with the intermediate cell also being a wall or road). If the intermediate cell is a wall, it also becomes a road.

This is similar to a 0-1 BFS where we have edges of weight 1 that represent a kick. But we need to model the fact that a kick can break multiple walls. Let's think about the graph where nodes are all cells. We add edges:
- For any two adjacent cells that are both roads, weight 0.
- For any cell u, we can kick in direction d. This allows us to reach any cell v that is at distance 1 or 2 in direction d, and all cells between u and v become roads. So we can add an edge of weight 1 from u to v. But we also need to update the terrain: the cells between u and v become roads. If we just add edges of weight 1, we are assuming that reaching v gives us the ability to walk from v using the new roads. But what if we need to use the newly created road as a stepping stone to go somewhere else without going through v? For example, we kick from u to distance 2, creating a road at distance 1. Then we move to distance 1, and then kick again from there. Our edge model would have an edge from u to distance 2 with cost 1, and an edge from u to distance 1 with cost 1 (if it was a wall). But if we go to distance 1, we can then kick again. That would be equivalent to an edge from u to distance 1 with cost 1, and then from distance 1 to somewhere else with cost 1. So total cost 2. If we directly go u -> distance 2 with cost 1, that's cheaper. But is it always true that we can just jump directly to distance 2? Yes, because after kicking, we can walk to distance 2. So we can effectively "jump" over the intermediate cell. But what if the intermediate cell is a wall, and we want to go to distance 1, and then from there go sideways? If we jump directly to distance 2, we might skip the intermediate cell. But we could also just walk from distance 2 back to distance 1? Not necessarily, because distance 2 might be a dead end, but we could just walk back. But if we jump to distance 2, we can then walk back to distance 1 (which is now a road) with cost 0. So we can still access the intermediate cell. So the edge u -> v (distance 2) with cost 1, combined with the fact that v is connected to the intermediate cell (which is now a road) with cost 0, means we effectively have access to the intermediate cell as well. But wait: if we add an edge u -> v with cost 1, we are assuming that v becomes reachable, and the intermediate cell becomes a road. In our graph, we would need to add edges of weight 0 between v and the intermediate cell, and between the intermediate cell and u? But u is already connected to the intermediate cell if it was a road? Actually, if the intermediate cell was a wall, then after the kick, it becomes a road. So we need to add edges of weight 0 between u and the intermediate cell, and between the intermediate cell and v. But we can't add edges dynamically in a static graph. We need to precompute the graph.

The standard approach for such problems is to use 0-1 BFS on a state space that includes the grid and perhaps the "broken" walls? But H,W <= 1000, so grid is up to 10^6 cells. We can't afford state that includes broken walls. However, notice that breaking walls is only useful to cross walls. The problem is equivalent to finding a path where we can move freely on roads, and we can "break" a wall by paying 1, but breaking a wall is done by a kick from an adjacent road (or from a wall we just broke). Actually, we can break a wall from a wall as well, as long as we are standing on it. But we can only stand on a wall if we broke it. So we can chain kicks.

This is exactly the problem of finding the shortest path where we can move on '.' with cost 0, and we can teleport to any cell within a straight line distance of 2 with cost 1? But we have to be careful: if we teleport, we skip the intermediate cells. But can we always do that? Suppose we are at (0,0) and we want to go to (0,2). We kick right, (0,1) and (0,2) become roads. We can walk to (0,2) via (0,1). So we effectively reach (0,2) with cost 1. But what if we want to go to (0,1) and then to (1,1)? We could kick right, (0,1) becomes road, we move to (0,1) (cost 1), then we can move to (1,1) if it is a road. In our teleport model, we could teleport directly to (0,1) with cost 1, and then move to (1,1) with cost 0. So that works.

But what if we want to kick from (0,0) to (0,2), and then from (0,2) we want to kick down? We can do that. In our model, we teleport to (0,2) with cost 1, then from (0,2) we can teleport down with cost 1. Total cost 2. That matches.

What if we kick from (0,0) to (0,2), but we actually want to use (0,1) as a stepping stone to kick to (1,1)? We could teleport to (0,1) with cost 1, then kick to (1,1) with cost 1. Total 2. If we teleported to (0,2) with cost 1, we could then walk to (0,1) with cost 0, then kick to (1,1) with cost 1. Total 2. So cost is the same.

Is there any scenario where the teleport model is too permissive? The kick only affects cells up to distance 2. So teleporting up to distance 2 is exactly the maximum reach. But what if we are at a cell, and we kick, and the cell at distance 2 is a wall, but the cell at distance 1 is a road? Then the kick makes the cell at distance 2 a road. We can then walk to it. So we can reach it with cost 1. In the teleport model, we can teleport to it with cost 1. That's fine.

What if we kick and the cell at distance 2 is outside the grid? Then we can only reach distance 1. So teleport to distance 1 is allowed, but not to distance 2. So we need to bound by grid boundaries.

So the problem reduces to: we have a grid. We can move to adjacent cells if they are '.' with cost 0. We can also "jump" from any cell to any cell in the same row or column within distance 2 (including the cell itself? No, distance 1 or 2) with cost 1. But wait, the jump is only in the four cardinal directions. So from (r,c), we can jump to (r-2,c), (r-1,c), (r+1,c), (r+2,c), (r,c-2), (r,c-1), (r,c+1), (r,c+2) provided they are within the grid. The cost is 1. But we also have cost 0 moves to adjacent '.' cells. So if an adjacent cell is '.', we can move there with cost 0. If we jump to an adjacent cell with cost 1, it's never better than the cost 0 move. So we can just ignore the cost 1 jumps to adjacent cells if they are already reachable with cost 0? Actually, if an adjacent cell is a wall, we can jump to it with cost 1. If it's a road, we can move with cost 0. So the cost 1 jump to adjacent cells is only useful when the cell is '#'. But we can just include it anyway; the 0-1 BFS will handle it.

But is this model exactly equivalent? Let's check carefully. Suppose we have a line: . # # . and we are at the first '.', want to reach the last '.'. Start at 0, goal at 3. With kicks: we can kick right from 0. Cells 1 and 2 become roads. Then we walk to 3. Cost 1. In our model: we can jump from 0 to 2 with cost 1. Then from 2, we can move to 3 with cost 0 (since 3 is '.' and adjacent). Total cost 1. Works.

What if we have . # # # . and we are at 0, goal at 4. We can kick right from 0: cells 1 and 2 become roads. Then we can move to 2. From 2, we can kick right: cells 3 becomes road? Wait, kick from 2 to right: cells at distance 1 and 2 are 3 and 4. So 3 and 4 become roads. Then we can move to 4. Total cost 2. In our model: we can jump from 0 to 2 with cost 1. Then from 2, we can jump to 4 with cost 1. Total cost 2. Works.

What if we have . # # # # . and we want to go from 0 to 5. 0: kick right -> 1,2 become roads. Move to 2. Kick right -> 3,4 become roads. Move to 4. Kick right -> 5 becomes road? Actually kick from 4 right: distance 1 is 5, distance 2 is 6 (outside). So 5 becomes road. Move to 5. Total 3 kicks. In model: 0 -> 2 (cost 1), 2 -> 4 (cost 1), 4 -> 5 (cost 1). Total 3. Works.

But wait: in the above, from 0, we could also kick right, then move to 1, then kick right from 1? If we kick from 1 right, we break 2 and 3. Then move to 3, kick right to break 4 and 5. Total 3 kicks. So same.

What if we have a situation where we want to kick in a direction that is not along the path? For example, we are at a cell, and we kick in a direction to break a wall, but we don't actually move in that direction; we just want to break the wall to open a path for later? The problem says: "When he performs a front kick, for each of the cells at most 2 steps away in that direction from the cell he is currently in, if that cell is a wall, it becomes a road." He can perform a kick without moving. So he could stand on a cell, kick in a direction, break walls, and then move in a different direction. Is that useful? Suppose he is at (r,c). He kicks right, breaking (r,c+1) and (r,c+2). Then he moves left. That would be a waste of a kick. But could it be useful to break a wall that is not on his immediate path? For example, he breaks a wall to create a shortcut for later? But since he is at (r,c), he can only break walls in the four directions from his current position. If he breaks a wall and then goes a different way, he could have just broken that wall later when he is closer? Actually, if he breaks a wall from a distance, he might save a kick? But he can only break walls within distance 2. So if he breaks a wall that is not on his path, he is using a kick that could be used later. There's no advantage to breaking a wall and not using it immediately, because the kick only affects up to distance 2. If he goes somewhere else and comes back, he could have just kicked when he got there. The only exception might be if breaking a wall opens a path that loops around? But since kicks only turn walls into roads, and roads are never turned back into walls, the optimal strategy is to only kick when you need to proceed. And you can always proceed immediately after kicking. So we can assume that after a kick, the next action is to move into the newly created road. So the teleport model (move to one of the cells made reachable by the kick) should be equivalent.

But wait: What if we kick and break a wall that is adjacent to us, but we don't move into it; instead, we move into an adjacent road that was already there, and the broken wall is now a road that we use later? For example, we are at a T-junction. We kick in one direction to break a wall, then we go the other way, and later we come back and use the broken wall? But since we are at the same cell, we could have just kicked when we came back. The kick doesn't cost extra if we do it later. So no benefit.

What if we kick and break two walls, but we only need one of them? That's fine, the cost is the same.

So the teleport model seems correct. But is it exactly equivalent to adding edges of weight 1 to all cells within distance 2 in the same row/column? Let's test with a tricky case.

Consider a 2x2 grid:
. #
# .
Start at (1,1), goal at (2,2). Sample 2 says output 1.
In our model: (1,1) can jump to (1,2) with cost 1. From (1,2), can we move to (2,2)? (2,2) is '#' originally, but if we jumped to (1,2), we used a kick right. The kick right from (1,1) breaks (1,2) and (1,3) (outside). So (1,2) becomes road. But (2,2) remains '#'. From (1,2), we can move down to (2,2) only if (2,2) is a road. But in the problem, after kicking right from (1,1), we move to (1,2). Then we can move to (2,2) because (2,2) is a road? Wait, in sample 2, the grid is:
.#
#.
Start (1,1) is '.'. (1,2) is '#', (2,1) is '#', (2,2) is '.'.
Takahashi starts at (1,1). He kicks right. (1,2) becomes road. He moves to (1,2). Then he moves to (2,2) which is already a road. So he can reach (2,2). In our teleport model: from (1,1), we have a cost 1 edge to (1,2). From (1,2), we can move to (2,2) with cost 0 if (2,2) is a road. But wait, in our static graph, the edges are defined based on the original grid. (2,2) is originally a road. So from (1,2), we can move down to (2,2) with cost 0. But (1,2) is originally a wall. In our static graph, we don't have a node for (1,2) as a road initially. But we are adding edges from (1,1) to (1,2) with cost 1. So we are effectively treating (1,2) as reachable with cost 1. Then from (1,2), we need to have edges to its neighbors. But (1,2) is a wall in the original grid, so it doesn't have 0-cost edges to its neighbors in the original grid. However, after the kick, (1,2) becomes a road, so it should have 0-cost edges to its adjacent roads. But in our static graph, if we only add edges based on the original grid, then from (1,2) we would only have 0-cost edges to neighbors that are originally roads. (2,2) is originally a road, so we would have a 0-cost edge from (1,2) to (2,2). That works! But what if (2,2) was also a wall? Then we would need to kick again. In our model, we would have a cost 1 edge from (1,2) to (2,2) (since we can kick down). But wait, if we jump to (1,2) with cost 1, we are standing on (1,2) which is now a road. Then we can kick down from (1,2) to (2,2) with cost 1. So we would have a cost 1 edge from (1,2) to (2,2). Our static graph would need to have cost 1 edges from every cell to every cell within distance 2, regardless of the original terrain. So from (1,2), we would have a cost 1 edge to (2,2) (distance 1 down). That would allow us to reach (2,2) with total cost 2. That matches the ability to chain kicks.

But what about the fact that after kicking from (1,1) to (1,2), the cell (1,2) becomes a road, and we might want to move from (1,2) to (1,1) (cost 0) or to some other adjacent road? In our static graph, if we have cost 1 edges to (1,2), we need to also have 0-cost edges from (1,2) to its adjacent roads. But (1,2) is originally a wall. Its neighbors are (1,1) which is a road, (2,2) which is a road, (1,3) maybe wall, etc. In the original grid, (1,2) is a wall, so it doesn't have 0-cost edges. But after we kick it, it becomes a road, so it should have 0-cost edges to its adjacent roads. If we only add 0-cost edges between cells that are originally roads, then from (1,2) we would not have a 0-cost edge back to (1,1)! That would be a problem because if we jump to (1,2), we might want to go back to (1,1) for free. But in the real problem, if we kick right from (1,1) to (1,2), we can freely move between (1,1) and (1,2) because they are both roads. So if our static graph doesn't have a 0-cost edge between (1,1) and (1,2) (because (1,2) is originally a wall), then after taking the cost 1 jump to (1,2), we wouldn't be able to go back to (1,1) for free. But why would we want to go back? If we go back, we are just wasting moves. But in a shortest path, we might have a suboptimal path that goes back, but the optimal path wouldn't. However, is it possible that we need to go back to use a different path? For example, we kick to break a wall, then go back to take another path? That would be equivalent to just kicking from the original cell in a different direction. But what if we kick, move forward, then realize we need to go back? That would be suboptimal. So maybe we don't need the 0-cost edges from newly created roads back to the original cell, because the optimal path will never need to backtrack immediately after a kick? Let's think carefully.

Suppose we are at A. We kick to B (distance 2). B becomes road. We move to B. Then we kick from B to C. That's a chain. We don't need to go back to the intermediate cell because we can just go directly from B to C. But what if the intermediate cell is used as a branching point? For example, we kick from A to break a wall at distance 1 (B) and distance 2 (C). We move to B. Then from B, we want to kick in a different direction (say, down) to D. In our teleport model, we would have: A -> B (cost 1), B -> D (cost 1). That works. We don't need a 0-cost edge from B to A.

But what if the original grid has a wall at B, and we want to move from A to B, and then from B to C, where C is a road that is adjacent to B? In the real problem, after kicking from A to B, B becomes a road. Then we can move from B to C (if C is a road). In our static graph, if we only have 0-cost edges between originally road cells, then from B (which was a wall) we wouldn't have a 0-cost edge to C. But we could have a cost 1 edge from A to C? Wait, if C is adjacent to B, and B is distance 1 from A, then C is distance 2 from A in the same direction? Or C could be in a different direction. For example, A is at (0,0). B is (0,1) (wall). C is (1,1) (road). We kick right from A. B becomes road. We move to B. Then we move down to C. In our teleport model, we could have A -> B (cost 1), then B -> C (cost 0). But if we don't have a 0-cost edge from B to C, we would need A -> C (cost 1)? But A and C are not in the same row/column; they are diagonal. The kick only goes in straight lines. So we cannot jump directly from A to C. So we must go through B. And from B, we can move to C if C is a road. So we need a 0-cost edge from B to C. But B was originally a wall. So if we only add 0-cost edges between originally road cells, we won't have that edge. Therefore, our static graph must include 0-cost edges from any cell that can become a road to its adjacent roads? But we can't know which cells become roads because it depends on the path.

This suggests that the simple teleport model with static graph is not exactly equivalent if we don't account for the fact that walls become roads permanently. However, we can model the problem as a graph where nodes are the cells, and we have two types of edges:
- Move to adjacent cell: cost 0 if the target cell is a road. But wait, the target cell must be a road at the time of the move. Since we only turn walls into roads, we can only move to a cell if it is originally a road or if we have previously kicked it. In a shortest path, we can think of the state as the current cell and the set of broken walls? That's too large.

But notice that a kick only affects up to 2 cells in a straight line. Maybe we can think of it as: we can move through roads for free, and we can "break" a wall by paying 1, but breaking a wall allows us to pass through it. Actually, the standard way to solve this problem (it's from AtCoder, likely ABC or similar) is to use 0-1 BFS with a twist: we can punch (kick) and destroy walls in a straight line up to distance 2. This is equivalent to: from any cell, we can move to any cell within Manhattan distance 2 in the same row/column with cost 1, and we can also move to adjacent roads with cost 0. But we must be careful: if we move to a cell that was a wall, we can then move from it as if it's a road. So the graph is actually: nodes are all cells. Edges:
- 0-cost edges between adjacent cells that are both roads in the *original* grid? No, because after kicking, walls become roads. But we can think of the entire grid as a graph where we can move along roads. The kicks allow us to "jump" over walls. Actually, if we consider the state as just the current cell, and we allow moving to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line with cost 1, then we are effectively saying that we can land on any cell within distance 2, and from there we can continue using the same rules. But if we land on a cell that was originally a wall, can we then move to adjacent cells that are originally walls? In our model, we would need to kick again. But if we just use the same rules (move to adjacent roads with cost 0, and jump up to 2 with cost 1), then from a wall cell, we cannot move to adjacent walls with cost 0 because they are not originally roads. But in reality, if we kicked to get to a wall cell, that wall cell is now a road. Its adjacent walls might still be walls. So we cannot move to them with cost 0; we would need to kick again to break them. That matches the rule: from a wall cell, we can only move to adjacent cells that are roads (either originally or broken by the same kick? But the same kick only broke the walls in the direction of the kick. So adjacent cells in other directions are still walls unless we break them). So if we land on a wall cell, we can only move to adjacent cells that are originally roads, or we can kick again to break more walls. In our static graph, if we only have 0-cost edges between originally road cells, then from a wall cell we wouldn't have any 0-cost edges to adjacent originally road cells. But in reality, if we land on a wall cell, we can move to an adjacent originally road cell because the wall cell is now a road. So we need 0-cost edges from that wall cell to adjacent originally road cells. But we don't have those edges if we only connect originally road cells.

So the static graph must have 0-cost edges between any two adjacent cells that are roads *at the time they are traversed*. But since we can turn walls into roads, the set of roads expands. This is exactly the "0-1 BFS on a grid with wall breaking" problem, but the wall breaking is a kick that breaks up to 2 walls in a straight line.

Let's search memory: This problem is "Eel" from AtCoder? Actually, "Takahashi is about to go buy eel at a fish shop." This is AtCoder ABC 184 F? No, ABC 184 F is different. Maybe ABC 233? Or some other. Let me think. There's a known problem: "Takahashi and eel" might be from AtCoder Beginner Contest 246? Or 273? Actually, I recall a problem where you can kick and break walls up to distance 2. It might be "Kick" problem. Let's search my memory: AtCoder ABC 233 F? No. There's ABC 277 F? Not sure. I think it's from AtCoder ABC 246 Ex? No, Ex is usually hard. Maybe it's ABC 300 something. Actually, I remember a problem: "Takahashi is going to buy eel. He can move and perform a front kick that breaks walls up to 2 steps ahead." This is from AtCoder Beginner Contest 339? Or maybe 340? Let's think: AtCoder ABC 342? There was a problem about eel? Wait, I recall "eel" is "unagi" in Japanese. AtCoder often has unagi problems. There's "Unagi" in ABC 369? Let's check dates. But I don't need to know the source; I need to solve it.

The standard solution for this kind of problem is to use 0-1 BFS where the state is the cell, and we have edges:
- Move to adjacent cell: if it's a road, cost 0.
- Kick: from current cell, we can destroy walls in a straight line up to distance 2. This is equivalent to adding edges from the current cell to all cells within distance 2 in the four directions, but with cost 1. However, we also need to consider that after kicking, the cells become roads. If we just add edges to all cells within distance 2, we are effectively treating those cells as reachable, and from there we can apply the same rules. But wait: if we add an edge from u to v (distance 2) with cost 1, and then from v we can move to adjacent roads with cost 0, we need v to have 0-cost edges to adjacent roads. But v might be a wall originally, and its adjacent roads are originally roads. So we need to add 0-cost edges between v and adjacent originally roads. But if we only add 0-cost edges between originally road cells, we don't have those edges. So we must add 0-cost edges between *any* cell and its adjacent originally road cells? If we do that, then we can move from a wall cell to an adjacent road cell with cost 0, which is correct because if we are on a wall cell, it means we kicked to get there, so it's now a road. But what if we are on a wall cell that we haven't kicked? We can't be on a wall cell without kicking. So it's safe to assume that any cell we visit is effectively a road. So we can just treat all cells as potential nodes, and we have 0-cost edges between any cell and its adjacent cells that are *originally* roads? But wait, if we kick and break a wall, that wall becomes a road. Then we can move from that wall to an adjacent wall that is still a wall? No, we can't move to an adjacent wall without kicking again. So we don't need 0-cost edges to adjacent walls. So we only need 0-cost edges to adjacent originally roads. But what if we break a wall, and then we want to move to an adjacent wall that we also broke? For example, we kick right, breaking (0,1) and (0,2). Then we move to (0,1). From (0,1), we can move to (0,2) because both were broken by the same kick? Actually, the kick from (0,0) broke both (0,1) and (0,2). So after the kick, (0,1) and (0,2) are both roads. So we can move from (0,1) to (0,2) with cost 0. But in our static graph, if we only have 0-cost edges to originally roads, then (0,1) and (0,2) are both originally walls, so we wouldn't have a 0-cost edge between them. But we could just jump from (0,0) directly to (0,2) with cost 1, and then we don't need to move from (0,1) to (0,2). But what if we want to go to (0,1) and then kick down? We can jump from (0,0) to (0,1) with cost 1, then from (0,1) kick down with cost 1. We don't need to move from (0,1) to (0,2) with cost 0. But what if we want to go to (0,1) and then move to (1,1) which is a road? That we already covered: (0,1) needs a 0-cost edge to (1,1) if (1,1) is originally a road. So we need 0-cost edges from any cell to adjacent originally road cells.

But what about moving from (0,1) to (0,2) if (0,2) is a wall that we broke? If we need to move from (0,1) to (0,2) to reach something else, we could have just jumped directly to (0,2) from (0,0). So we don't need that 0-cost edge. However, what if we break (0,1) and (0,2) from (0,0), then we move to (0,1), then we move down to (1,1) which is a road, then we move right to (1,2) which is a road, then we move up to (0,2)? In that case, we used (0,2) as a road later. But (0,2) was broken by the kick from (0,0). So we should be able to enter (0,2) from (1,2) with cost 0, because (0,2) is now a road. In our static graph, if we only have 0-cost edges between originally road cells, then (1,2) to (0,2) is an edge only if (0,2) is originally a road. But (0,2) was a wall, so we wouldn't have that edge. So we would be forced to use a kick to enter (0,2) from (1,2)? But in reality, we can just walk in. So this is a problem.

This suggests that the state must include which walls have been broken. But the grid is large, so we can't do that. However, notice that the kicks only break walls in straight lines of length 2. The problem is equivalent to finding a path where we can move on '.' and we can break walls by paying 1, but breaking a wall is done by a kick that breaks up to 2 consecutive walls in a straight line. This is a classic problem that can be solved with 0-1 BFS on the grid by treating the kicks as edges to all cells within distance 2 in the four directions, and we also need to allow moving on any cell that we have reached, treating it as a road. But we can't just add edges between all cells because that would be O(H*W*4) which is fine, but we need to define the edges correctly.

Let's rethink: The grid is static. We can move to adjacent '.' cells with cost 0. We can also, from any cell, perform a kick. A kick in direction d breaks all walls up to distance 2 in that direction. This means we can move to any of those cells (distance 1 or 2) after the kick, because they become roads. But we can also move to them later if we reach them from other paths. The key is that a kick only affects cells in a straight line up to distance 2. So if we think of the graph where nodes are cells, and we have edges:
- For any two adjacent cells, if both are '.', we have a cost 0 edge.
- For any cell u, and any direction d, let v be the cell at distance 1 in direction d, and w be the cell at distance 2. We can add a cost 1 edge from u to v and u to w. But we also need to add cost 0 edges between v and w, and between u and v (if they weren't already '.'), and between v and its adjacent '.' cells? Actually, if we add a cost 1 edge from u to v, we are effectively saying we can reach v with cost 1. Once we reach v, we can move from v to any adjacent cell that is '.' with cost 0. But v might be a wall originally, and after the kick it becomes a road. So we can move from v to any adjacent '.' cell. But we cannot move from v to an adjacent wall cell (unless we kick again). So we don't need to add cost 0 edges from v to other walls. We only need cost 0 edges from v to adjacent cells that are '.' in the original grid. But wait: what if v is adjacent to w, and w was also broken by the same kick? Then w is also a road. But we don't need a cost 0 edge from v to w because we can reach w directly from u with cost 1. Is there any scenario where we need to go from v to w with cost 0, but we didn't come from u? Suppose we reach v from some other path (e.g., we kicked from u to v, then moved away, then later came back to v from another direction, and then want to go to w). But if we came back to v from another direction, v is already a road (because we kicked it earlier). So we should be able to move to w with cost 0. But in our static graph, we wouldn't have that edge unless we added it. So if we don't add it, we might need an extra kick to go from v to w, which would be wrong.

But wait: if we kicked from u to v and w, both v and w become roads. The set of roads is now expanded. If we later come to v from somewhere else, we can go to w for free. But in our static graph, we don't have that edge. However, maybe we can argue that we never need to use that edge because we could have just gone directly to w from u, or we could have kicked from v to w? But kicking from v to w would cost 1, so that's not the same. Let's see if there's a case where we need to use a road that was broken by a kick from a different cell later.

Imagine a T-shaped wall configuration. We are at (0,0). We want to go to (2,0). Grid:
(0,0) is '.'.
(0,1) is '#'.
(1,0) is '#'.
(1,1) is '#'.
(2,0) is '.'.
We want to go from (0,0) to (2,0). We can kick down from (0,0): breaks (1,0) and (2,0) but (2,0) is already '.'. So we can move down to (1,0) (now road) and then to (2,0). Cost 1.
What if we kick right from (0,0)? Breaks (0,1) and (0,2). (0,1) becomes road. Then we move to (0,1). From (0,1), we can move down? (1,1) is '#', so we can't without kicking. We kick down from (0,1): breaks (1,1) and (2,1). Then we move to (1,1), then left to (1,0)? But (1,0) is still '#'? Wait, we didn't break (1,0). So we can't go left. So that path doesn't work.
What if we want to go from (0,0) to (0,2) and then down? Not relevant.

Now consider a case where we break a wall, go away, and come back through the broken wall.
Suppose we have:
(0,0) '.' start.
(0,1) '#' wall.
(0,2) '#' wall.
(1,0) '.' road.
(1,1) '.' road.
(1,2) '.' goal.
We want to go from (0,0) to (1,2).
Path 1: Move down to (1,0) (cost 0), move right to (1,1) (cost 0), move right to (1,2) (cost 0). Total cost 0. So no kicks needed.
But suppose (1,0) is wall, (1,1) is wall, (1,2) is road.
Grid:
(0,0) '.'
(0,1) '#'
(0,2) '#'
(1,0) '#'
(1,1) '#'
(1,2) '.'
Start (0,0), goal (1,2).
We can kick right from (0,0): breaks (0,1) and (0,2). Move to (0,2). Then kick down from (0,2): breaks (1,2) (already '.') and (2,2) (irrelevant). Move down to (1,2). Cost 2.
Or we could kick down from (0,0): breaks (1,0) and (2,0). Move to (1,0). Kick right from (1,0): breaks (1,1) and (1,2). Move to (1,1) then (1,2). Cost 2.
Now, what if we break a wall, then move away, then come back? Not needed.

What about a case where we break a wall, and then use it from a different direction?
Suppose we have a 3x3 grid:
. # .
# # #
. # .
Start at (0,0) '.', goal at (2,2) '.'.
We can kick right from (0,0): breaks (0,1) and (0,2) but (0,2) is '.'. So (0,1) becomes road. Move to (0,1). Kick down: breaks (1,1) and (2,1). (2,1) is '#', so it becomes road. Move to (1,1). Kick right: breaks (1,2) and (1,3) -> (1,2) becomes road. Move to (1,2). Kick down: breaks (2,2) which is '.'. Move to (2,2). Cost 4? But maybe there's a better way.
Actually, we can kick down from (0,0): breaks (1,0) and (2,0). (1,0) is '#', becomes road. Move to (1,0). Kick right: breaks (1,1) and (1,2). Move to (1,2). Kick down: breaks (2,2) '.'. Move to (2,2). Cost 3.
Or we can kick right from (0,0) to (0,2) directly? (0,2) is '.' so we can move there with cost 0? Wait, (0,1) is '#', so we can't move to (0,2) without kicking. We kick right, break (0,1) and (0,2) is already '.'. We can move to (0,2) with cost 1. Then from (0,2), we can move down? (1,2) is '#', so we need to kick down. Kick down from (0,2): breaks (1,2) and (2,2). Then move to (2,2). Cost 2. That's better.
But wait, in this path, we used the kick from (0,0) to break (0,1) and we moved to (0,2) directly. We didn't need to use (0,1) as a stepping stone. So the intermediate cell (0,1) was not used.
Now, suppose we break a wall, and then later we enter that broken wall from a different direction.
Example: We have a loop. We break a wall to create a shortcut.
Grid:
. # . .
. . # .
. . . .
Start (0,0), goal (0,3).
We can just go down, right, right, up. Cost 0 if all are roads? Let's make some walls.
Better: Suppose we have a U-shaped wall, and we break one wall to create a passage, then later we come through that passage from the other side? But kicks are only from the current cell, so we can't break a wall and then use it from the other side without having a path to the other side. If we have a path to the other side, we could have just used that path without breaking the wall? Not necessarily; breaking the wall might create a shortcut that we use later. But we only break walls up to distance 2. So the shortcut is very local.

Let's think about the graph model more formally. The problem is equivalent to finding the shortest path in a graph where:
- Vertices are all cells.
- Edges of weight 0 between adjacent cells that are '.'.
- From any cell, we can "kick" in a direction. This adds edges of weight 1 to all cells in that direction up to distance 2. But also, the kick makes the intermediate cells '.' for future moves. However, since we are doing a single shortest path, and kicks only add edges (they never remove), we can think of the graph as having edges that are "activated" by paying a cost. But we can't activate edges independently; a kick activates a set of edges: it makes the cell at distance 1 and 2 into roads, which means we can now move between them and their adjacent roads with cost 0. But in terms of the shortest path, if we pay 1 to kick from u in direction d, we can then traverse the path u -> v1 -> v2 if we want, or u -> v1, etc. This is equivalent to saying we can add a hyperedge from u to v1 and v2 with cost 1, and also we can add cost 0 edges between v1 and v2, and between v1 and u, and between v2 and v1, etc. But since we are just looking for the minimum number of kicks to reach the goal, we can think of the kicks as moves that allow us to jump over walls.

Actually, there is a known technique for this problem: 0-1 BFS on the grid where we can move to adjacent '.' cells with cost 0, and we can also "break" walls by jumping to any cell within a 2-step radius in the four directions with cost 1. But we must be careful: if we jump to a cell that is a wall, we can then continue from there. But if we jump to a cell that is a wall, we don't automatically make it a road for other paths? In a single shortest path, we don't care about other paths; we only care about the path we take. The path we take is a sequence of cells. If we use a kick to go from u to v (where v is at distance 1 or 2 in direction d), we are effectively taking a step from u to v with cost 1. The intermediate cells might be walls, but we don't need them because we jumped over them. However, we might later need to step on those intermediate cells from another direction? If we later step on them, we would have to kick again to make them roads, or we could have just stepped on them during the kick. But if we jumped over them, we didn't make them roads? Wait, the kick *does* make them roads. The problem says: "for each of the cells at most 2 steps away in that direction... if that cell is a wall, it becomes a road." So even if we jump directly to distance 2, the cell at distance 1 also becomes a road. So if we later come back to that cell, we can walk on it for free. In our path, if we ever need to use that cell later, we could have just walked on it during the kick. But could there be a path that uses a kick to break a wall, then moves away, then comes back to that wall from a different direction, and uses it to reach the goal with fewer kicks than using it immediately? Let's try to construct a counterexample.

Suppose we have a configuration where we kick from A to break a wall at B (distance 1) and C (distance 2). We don't move to B or C. Instead, we go a different way, and later we enter B from another direction, and then go to C. The total kicks would be the kick from A plus whatever kicks we use on the other path. But if we instead just moved to B after the kick, we would be at B, and we could then go to C or wherever. Since we are at B, we are closer to the rest of the path. So it's hard to imagine a case where not moving into the broken wall immediately is beneficial. In fact, we can assume without loss of generality that after a kick, we immediately move into one of the newly created roads. Because if we don't, we are just wasting the kick? No, we might need to break a wall to open a path that we will use later, but we can't reach that path yet because it's blocked by other walls? But we can only break walls within distance 2 from our current position. So the broken wall is very close. If we can reach it later, we must be able to reach a cell adjacent to it. But we are already adjacent to it (we are at A, B is adjacent to A). If we kick and break B, we can immediately move to B. If we go somewhere else and come back to B, we are just taking a longer path. So the shortest path will always move into the broken wall immediately.

Therefore, we can think of a kick as a move from the current cell to a cell at distance 1 or 2 in the direction of the kick, with cost 1. And after that move, we are at the new cell, and the intermediate cell (if any) becomes a road. But do we care about the intermediate cell becoming a road? Only if we need to step on it later. But if we moved to distance 2, we skipped the intermediate cell. If we later need to step on it, we could have just stepped on it during the kick (i.e., move to distance 1 instead of distance 2). So is there a situation where we jump to distance 2, and then later we need to step on the distance 1 cell from a different direction? Suppose we jump from A to C (distance 2). The cell B (distance 1) becomes a road. Later, we come from some other cell D to B. If we had moved to B instead of C, we could go from B to D or whatever. If we jump to C, we are at C. To get to B, we can just move from C to B with cost 0 (since B is now a road). So we can still access B from C. So we don't lose anything by jumping to C.

What if we jump from A to B (distance 1), and C (distance 2) becomes a road. Later we want to go to C from somewhere else? We can just move from B to C if we need to.

So it seems that treating kicks as edges of weight 1 from any cell to any cell within distance 2 in the four directions, and then allowing cost 0 moves only between adjacent cells that are *originally* roads, might be insufficient because we might need to use the newly created roads as stepping stones to other originally road cells. But wait: if we jump to a cell that was originally a wall, we are now on that cell. From there, we can move to adjacent cells that are originally roads. That movement should be cost 0. So we need to have cost 0 edges from that cell to adjacent originally road cells. But our graph only has cost 0 edges between originally road cells. So we need to add cost 0 edges from *every* cell to its adjacent originally road cells? If we do that, then when we are on a wall cell (which we can only reach via a kick), we can move to adjacent originally road cells for free. But we also need to be able to move between two wall cells that were both broken by the same kick? Do we need that? If we jump from A to C (distance 2), we skip B. B is a wall that becomes a road. We don't need to move from C to B if we don't want to. But what if we want to move from C to B to some originally road cell D? That would be C -> B (cost 0) -> D (cost 0). If we have cost 0 edges from B to D (since D is originally road), we need a cost 0 edge from C to B. C is a wall cell, B is a wall cell. If we don't have a cost 0 edge between C and B, we would have to pay 1 to kick from C to B? That would be wrong. But we could have just jumped from A to B instead of C, and then from B to D. So the path A -> C (cost 1) -> B (cost 1?) -> D (cost 0) would be cost 2, while A -> B (cost 1) -> D (cost 0) is cost 1. So the optimal path would just jump to B directly. So we don't need the C -> B edge for optimality? What if D is only reachable from C, and we need to go through B? If D is only reachable from C, then from B we can't reach D? That doesn't make sense; B and C are adjacent. If D is adjacent to B, then from C we can go to B then D. If we don't have C -> B edge, we can't. But we could have jumped to B directly. So the optimal path would just jump to B. So we never need to go from C to B if we jumped to C. But what if we jumped to C, and then we want to go to B to kick in a different direction? We could have jumped to B and kicked from B. The cost is the same: jump to B (cost 1), kick from B (cost 1) = total 2. Jump to C (cost 1), move to B (cost 0), kick from B (cost 1) = total 2. So we need the C -> B edge to make the cost 2. If we don't have it, the cost would be 3 (jump to C, then kick from C to B? cost 1 + 1 = 2? Actually, kicking from C to B is distance 1, cost 1. So total cost 2. Wait, if we kick from C to B, that's cost 1. So jump to C (cost 1) + kick to B (cost 1) = 2. So we can still achieve cost 2 without the C -> B 0-cost edge. So maybe we don't need the 0-cost edges between two broken walls.

But what if we want to move from C to B to D, where D is an originally road cell adjacent to B? Path: A -> C (cost 1), then C -> B (cost 0), then B -> D (cost 0). If we don't have C -> B 0-cost, we could do A -> C (cost 1), then kick from C to B? That's another kick, cost 1, total 2. But we could have done A -> B (cost 1), then B -> D (cost 0) total 1. So the optimal path is 1. The suboptimal path costs 2 either way. So the shortest path is not affected.

What if we *must* go through C to reach B? That's impossible because B is between A and C. If we are at A, we can directly kick to B. So we can always reach B with cost 1.

What if the kick is from a cell that is not A, but we come from somewhere else? For example, we reach a cell X, kick to Y (distance 2), and then we want to go from Y to Z (distance 1 from Y in a different direction) and then back to the intermediate cell between X and Y? We can always just kick to the intermediate cell directly.

It seems that the only 0-cost edges we need are between originally road cells. And we add cost 1 edges from every cell to every cell within distance 2 in the four directions. But wait: if we are on a wall cell (which we reached via a kick), we can move to an adjacent originally road cell with cost 0. In our graph, if we only have 0-cost edges between originally road cells, we cannot move from a wall cell to an originally road cell. So we must add 0-cost edges from wall cells to adjacent originally road cells. But if we do that, we are effectively treating wall cells as nodes that have 0-cost edges to adjacent originally road cells. But then we also need to be able to move from a wall cell to an adjacent wall cell if both are broken? As argued, maybe not needed for optimality? Let's check carefully.

Suppose we have a graph where nodes are all cells. Edges:
- For any two adjacent cells, if both are originally '.', cost 0.
- For any cell u and any direction d, for k=1,2, let v be the cell at distance k in direction d. We add a directed edge u -> v with cost 1.
- Additionally, for any cell u that is originally '#' and any adjacent cell v that is originally '.', we add an edge u -> v with cost 0? But wait, if we add u -> v cost 0, we also need v -> u cost 0? If v is originally '.' and u is originally '#', we can't move from v to u without a kick. So we should not add v -> u cost 0. So the 0-cost edges are only from '#' to adjacent '.'? But that's asymmetric. In an undirected grid, movement is symmetric. If u is a wall that we broke, we can move to v and back. So we need both directions. But if we only add u -> v cost 0 when u is '#' and v is '.', we might allow moving from a wall cell to a road cell, but not back? Actually, if we are on a road cell v, we can move to an adjacent wall cell u only if we kick. So we shouldn't have a 0-cost edge from v to u. But if we broke u, it becomes a road, so we should be able to move from v to u with cost 0. But our graph doesn't know that u is broken unless we keep track. This is the core issue: the graph is dynamic. 

This suggests that the simple "add cost 1 edges up to distance 2" might not be sufficient without also handling the state of broken walls. However, there is a known solution: 0-1 BFS where we can move to adjacent '.' cells, and we can also "kick" which is an action that allows us to destroy walls. We can model the kick as a transition that costs 1 and allows us to move to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line, but we also need to update the grid. Since we only care about the minimum kicks, we can think of it as a shortest path in a graph where nodes are cells, and we have edges:
- Move to adjacent '.' cell: cost 0.
- Kick: from a cell, we can "break" walls in a direction. This is equivalent to being able to move to any cell in that direction within distance 2, and we can also move through any cells that we break. But we can only break walls that are contiguous? Actually, the kick breaks *all* walls up to distance 2, regardless of whether they are walls or roads. If there is a road in between, it stays a road. So it's "break all walls up to distance 2". So we can always move to distance 2 even if there's a road at distance 1. So the kick just gives us access to the cells at distance 1 and 2.

I recall a problem from AtCoder: "Eel" is from ABC 246 Ex? No, ABC 246 Ex is "01? Queries"? Not sure. Let's search my memory for "Takahashi is about to go buy eel". This is a problem from AtCoder Beginner Contest 273? Actually, ABC 273 F is "Hammer" or something. ABC 274 F is "Fishing". There's ABC 275 F? Let's think: "eel" is "unagi". There's a problem "Unagi" in ABC 368? Wait, ABC 368 was recent. But I'm not sure.

Maybe it's from JOI? No, the format is AtCoder.

Let's think about the constraints: H,W <= 1000. This is typical for a 0-1 BFS with O(HW) edges. If we add edges from each cell to all cells within distance 2 in four directions, that's at most 4 edges per cell (actually up to 8, but we can just consider the 4 directions and connect to distance 2 directly? Or we can connect to both distance 1 and 2). That's O(HW) edges. Then we can run 0-1 BFS. But we need to define the edges such that the graph correctly models the problem.

Let's try to find a formulation that works.
Consider the state as just the cell (r,c). We can move to adjacent cells if they are '.' with cost 0. We can also perform a kick. A kick from (r,c) in direction d allows us to "reach" any cell (r',c') that is in direction d at distance 1 or 2, and we can also "reach" the intermediate cells. If we think of the kick as an action that costs 1, and then we can move freely on the newly created roads. This is equivalent to saying: from (r,c), we can transition to any cell (r',c') that is within distance 2 in direction d, and the cost is 1, AND we also mark the intermediate cells as roads. But since we are doing a single path, we can think of the kick as a "jump" that also allows us to continue from the landing cell as if it were a road. But we also need to be able to move from the landing cell to adjacent roads that were not broken by the kick. If we just add a cost 1 edge from (r,c) to (r',c'), and we also have 0-cost edges from (r',c') to its adjacent originally '.' cells, then we are good. But what about moving from (r',c') to an adjacent cell that was a wall but was broken by the same kick? That cell is the intermediate cell. We don't need a 0-cost edge to it because we can already jump to it directly from (r,c) with cost 1. But what if we want to move from (r',c') to that intermediate cell and then to some other originally '.' cell? We can just jump directly to the intermediate cell from (r,c) with cost 1, and then move to the other cell. So we don't need the edge between (r',c') and the intermediate cell.

But wait: what if the intermediate cell is not directly reachable from (r,c) with a single kick? It is: distance 1. So we can always jump to it with cost 1.

What if we want to move from (r',c') to an adjacent wall that was NOT broken by the kick? We would need another kick. That's fine, we can use the cost 1 edges from (r',c').

So the only missing piece is: after we jump to (r',c'), we can move to adjacent originally '.' cells with cost 0. But in our graph, if (r',c') is originally a wall, it doesn't have 0-cost edges to adjacent '.' cells because we only added 0-cost edges between originally '.' cells. So we need to add 0-cost edges from *every* cell to its adjacent originally '.' cells? But if we do that, then from a wall cell that we haven't broken, we could move to an adjacent '.' cell with cost 0. But we can never be on a wall cell that we haven't broken, because we can only move to a wall cell via a kick (cost 1). So if we add 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent originally '.' cells, we are effectively saying: "if you are on a cell, you can move to any adjacent originally '.' cell for free." This is true for originally '.' cells (they can move to adjacent '.' cells), and it's also true for broken wall cells (they become '.' so they can move to adjacent '.' cells). But we also need to be able to move from an originally '.' cell to an adjacent broken wall cell for free. If we add 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent originally '.' cells, we are missing the edges from originally '.' cells to adjacent broken wall cells. But if we only add 0-cost edges between originally '.' cells, we miss both.

So maybe we should just treat the entire grid as a graph where we can move to any adjacent cell with cost 0 if *either* cell is a road? No, that's not right. If a cell is a wall, we can't move into it without a kick. So we can only move into a wall cell if we kick. So the 0-cost movement is only between cells that are originally '.'? But after kicking, walls become '.'.

This is the classic "0-1 BFS with wall destruction" but the destruction is not single cell; it's a line of up to 2.

Let's think about how to model the kick properly. A kick from u in direction d breaks all walls in a straight line up to distance 2. This means we can now move from u to the cell at distance 1 (v1) and distance 2 (v2) as if they are roads. Also, v1 and v2 become connected to each other and to u and to their adjacent originally '.' cells as roads.

In a 0-1 BFS, we can simulate the process by considering the state as (r,c) and the cost is the number of kicks. We can move to adjacent '.' cells with cost 0. We can also "kick" from (r,c) in a direction. When we kick, we can "break" the walls. We can then move to the broken cells. But we can't easily update the grid for all future moves.

However, there is a trick: we can think of the kick as a set of edges that we add to the graph. Since we only care about the shortest path, we can run a modified Dijkstra (0-1 BFS) where the state is the cell, and we dynamically discover the edges. But we don't need to update the grid globally; we can just say that from a cell, a kick allows us to reach any cell within distance 2 in a straight line, and we can also reach those cells via 0-cost moves from other cells? No, we can't.

Wait, maybe we can model the problem as a graph where nodes are the cells, and we have:
- 0-cost edges between adjacent cells that are '.'.
- 1-cost edges from any cell to any cell within distance 2 in the same row/column.
And we run 0-1 BFS on this graph. Let's test this on Sample 2.
Sample 2:
2 2
.#
#.
Start (1,1) '.', Goal (2,2) '.'.
Graph:
Cells: (1,1) '.', (1,2) '#', (2,1) '#', (2,2) '.'.
0-cost edges: (1,1)-(2,2)? No, adjacent: (1,1) adjacent to (1,2) and (2,1). Both are '#', so no 0-cost edges from (1,1). (2,2) adjacent to (1,2) and (2,1), both '#', so no 0-cost edges from (2,2).
1-cost edges: from (1,1), we can go to (1,2) [right 1], (1,3) out, (1,0) out, (2,1) [down 1], (3,1) out, (0,1) out, (1,?) wait, distance 2: right 2 is (1,3) out, down 2 is (3,1) out. So from (1,1), 1-cost edges to (1,2) and (2,1).
From (1,2), 1-cost edges to (1,1) [left 1], (2,2) [down 1], (1,2) left 2 out, down 2 out.
From (2,1), 1-cost edges to (1,1) [up 1], (2,2) [right 1].
From (2,2), 1-cost edges to (1,2) [up 1], (2,1) [left 1].
Now, shortest path from (1,1) to (2,2):
(1,1) -> (1,2) cost 1, then from (1,2) -> (2,2) cost 1? Wait, from (1,2) to (2,2) is a 1-cost edge. Total cost 2. But sample output is 1. So this graph gives 2, not 1! Why?
Because in the real problem, after kicking from (1,1) to (1,2), (1,2) becomes a road. Then we can move from (1,2) to (2,2) with cost 0, because (2,2) is a road and adjacent to (1,2). In our graph, we don't have a 0-cost edge between (1,2) and (2,2) because (1,2) is originally '#' and we only added 0-cost edges between originally '.' cells. So we need to add a 0-cost edge between (1,2) and (2,2). But (1,2) is a wall, and (2,2) is a road. In the real problem, after kicking, (1,2) becomes a road, so we can move between them.

So we need to add 0-cost edges between *any* cell and its adjacent originally '.' cells, provided that the cell is reachable? But we don't know which cells are reachable. However, if we add 0-cost edges from *all* cells to their adjacent originally '.' cells, then from (1,2) we would have a 0-cost edge to (2,2). Then the path would be (1,1) -> (1,2) cost 1, then (1,2) -> (2,2) cost 0, total 1. That matches!
But wait, if we add 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent originally '.' cells, what about moving from an originally '.' cell to a wall cell? We should not have a 0-cost edge from (2,2) to (1,2) because (1,2) is a wall. But if we add symmetric 0-cost edges, we would have (2,2) -> (1,2) cost 0, which would mean we can move into a wall for free. That would be wrong because in the problem, we can't move into a wall without kicking. So we must *not* add symmetric 0-cost edges. The 0-cost edges should only be directed from a wall cell to an adjacent road cell? But movement is symmetric. If (1,2) becomes a road, we can move from (2,2) to (1,2) as well. So we need both directions. But we can't have both directions before the kick. So the graph is dynamic.

This means we cannot simply use a static graph with 0-cost edges between all cells and adjacent originally '.' cells. We need to incorporate the fact that a wall cell only becomes traversable after a kick.

So how to model this? The standard approach for this kind of problem is to use a 0-1 BFS on the grid where we maintain the number of kicks, and we can "break" walls by kicking. But we can't keep track of all broken walls. However, notice that a kick only breaks walls in a straight line up to distance 2. We can think of the kick as a move that allows us to "jump" to a cell within distance 2, and we also "open" the path between the start and the jumped cell. In terms of the path we take, we will never need to use a broken wall except as part of the path that goes through the kicked cells. If we kick from A to C (distance 2), we can then move from C to B (distance 1) and from B to A, and from B or C to adjacent roads. But we will only move along the path that we are taking. If we need to go from C to an adjacent road D, we will do that immediately. If we need to go from B to D, we could have just kicked to B instead of C. So maybe we can assume that the path only uses the kicked cells in the order they are kicked? Not necessarily.

Let's look at the problem from another angle. This is a shortest path problem where we can move on '.' with cost 0, and we can perform a "kick" that costs 1 and allows us to move to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line. But wait, in Sample 2, the path is: start (1,1), kick right, move to (1,2) (cost 1), then move to (2,2) (cost 0). This is exactly: from (1,1), we use a kick to reach (1,2) (which is distance 1). Then we use a 0-cost move to an adjacent '.' cell. So the kick is used to "enter" a wall cell. Once we enter it, we can move to adjacent '.' cells. But we can also move to adjacent wall cells? Only if we kick again. So the rule is: we can move to adjacent '.' cells for free. We can also "kick" to move to a cell that is up to distance 2 away in a straight line, paying 1, and we can then move from that cell to adjacent '.' cells for free. But we cannot move from that cell to adjacent wall cells without kicking again.

If we model it this way, we can think of the graph as having two types of moves:
- From any cell (whether it's originally '.' or a wall we just kicked to), we can move to adjacent cells that are originally '.' with cost 0.
- From any cell, we can "kick" to a cell that is 1 or 2 steps away in a straight line, with cost 1. The target cell can be anything ('.' or '#'). After the kick, we are at the target cell, and we can apply the above rules.

But wait: if we kick to a cell that is originally '.', we could have just walked there with cost 0 (if there's a path). So kicking to a '.' is only useful if it's not reachable by walking. But that's fine.

Now, is this graph static? Yes, if we define the nodes as all cells, and edges:
- 0-cost edges from every cell to its adjacent cells that are originally '.'.
- 1-cost edges from every cell to every cell within distance 2 in the same row/column.
But we must be careful: the 0-cost edges are from *every* cell to adjacent originally '.' cells. This means from a wall cell, we can move to an adjacent '.' cell for free. But we can only be on a wall cell if we kicked to it. So this is correct. However, we also need to be able to move from an originally '.' cell to a wall cell that we just kicked? No, we only move to a wall cell via a kick. So we don't need 0-cost edges from '.' to wall cells. But wait: if we kick from A to B (wall), and then we move from B to C ('.'), we used B -> C cost 0. What if we later want to go from C back to B? In the problem, B is now a road, so we should be able to move C -> B cost 0. But in our graph, we don't have a 0-cost edge from C to B because B is a wall. So we couldn't go back. But do we ever need to go back? In a shortest path, if we go from A to B to C, we are going A -> B -> C. We don't need to go back to B unless we are backtracking. Backtracking is never optimal in a shortest path on a graph with non-negative edge weights? Actually, with 0-cost edges, we might have cycles of cost 0, but the shortest path from start to goal will be simple (no repeated vertices) if we break ties properly. But is it possible that the optimal path revisits a cell? Since all costs are non-negative, there is always an optimal path that does not revisit a cell. So we never need to go from C back to B. So we don't need the edge C -> B.

But wait: what if we kick from A to B (wall), then move to C ('.'), then move to D ('.'), then move to E (wall) which we need to kick to? In that path, we never go back to B. So we don't need the edge from C to B.

What if we kick from A to B (wall), and then we want to kick from B to F (wall) in a different direction? That's a 1-cost edge from B to F. We have that.

What if we kick from A to B (distance 2), and the intermediate cell C is a wall. We are now at B. We want to move to C (which is now a road) and then to D ('.' adjacent to C). In our graph, we have a 1-cost edge from A to B. We also have a 1-cost edge from A to C? Yes, we have 1-cost edges to all cells within distance 2. So we could have just kicked directly to C with cost 1, and then moved to D with cost 0. So the optimal path would just kick to C directly. So we don't need the edge from B to C.

What if we kick from A to B (distance 2), and then we want to move from B to C (the intermediate cell) and then kick from C to some other cell? We could have kicked directly to C from A. So again, not needed.

What if we reach B from a different path? Suppose we kick from A to B, then we move away, and then later we come back to B from another direction? That would be a cycle, which is not optimal.

So it seems that if we add 0-cost edges from every cell to adjacent originally '.' cells, and 1-cost edges from every cell to all cells within distance 2 in the four directions, the shortest path in this graph will correspond to the minimum number of kicks? Let's test on Sample 2 with this graph:
Nodes: all cells.
0-cost edges: from every cell to adjacent '.' cells.
'.' cells: (1,1) and (2,2).
So 0-cost edges:
From (1,1): to adjacent '.' cells? Adjacent to (1,1) are (1,2) and (2,1). Neither is '.', so no 0-cost edges from (1,1).
From (1,2): adjacent to (1,1) ['.'] and (2,2) ['.']. So (1,2) has 0-cost edges to (1,1) and (2,2).
From (2,1): adjacent to (1,1) ['.'] and (2,2) ['.']. So 0-cost edges to (1,1) and (2,2).
From (2,2): adjacent to (1,2) and (2,1). Neither is '.', so no 0-cost edges from (2,2).
1-cost edges: from every cell to cells within distance 2 in four directions.
From (1,1): to (1,2) [cost 1], (2,1) [cost 1].
From (1,2): to (1,1) [cost 1], (2,2) [cost 1].
From (2,1): to (1,1) [cost 1], (2,2) [cost 1].
From (2,2): to (1,2) [cost 1], (2,1) [cost 1].

Now find shortest path from (1,1) to (2,2):
Path: (1,1) -> (1,2) via 1-cost edge. Cost = 1.
Then from (1,2) -> (2,2) via 0-cost edge (because (1,2) has 0-cost edge to (2,2)). Total cost = 1.
This matches Sample 2!

Test Sample 1:
Grid 10x10. We can't do it manually but it seems plausible.
Test Sample 3:
1 3
.#.
Start (1,1), Goal (1,3).
Cells: (1,1) '.', (1,2) '#', (1,3) '.'.
0-cost edges:
(1,1): adjacent to (1,2) which is '#', so no 0-cost.
(1,2): adjacent to (1,1) '.' and (1,3) '.', so 0-cost to both.
(1,3): adjacent to (1,2) '#', no 0-cost.
1-cost edges:
(1,1) -> (1,2) [1], (1,3) [2? distance 2 is (1,3)].
(1,2) -> (1,1) [1], (1,3) [1].
(1,3) -> (1,2) [1], (1,1) [2].
Shortest path from (1,1) to (1,3):
(1,1) -> (1,3) via 1-cost edge (distance 2). Cost = 1.
Then from (1,3) we are at goal. Cost 1. Matches Sample 3!

Test Sample 4? We can't manually, but it seems this graph model works.

But wait, is there any case where this graph gives a lower cost than actually possible? Let's think about a potential issue.
Suppose we have a wall cell that we reach via a kick. We can then move to adjacent '.' cells for free. But in our graph, we also have 0-cost edges from that wall cell to adjacent '.' cells. That's correct. But we also have 1-cost edges from that wall cell to other cells. That's correct because we can kick again. But what about moving from a '.' cell to a wall cell that we haven't kicked? Our graph does not have 0-cost edges from '.' to wall cells. So we can't accidentally walk into a wall. We must use a 1-cost edge to enter a wall cell. That's correct.

But what about kicking from a cell to a wall cell that is adjacent, but we don't want to break the wall? We can't "not break" it; the kick always breaks it. So that's fine.

But is there a scenario where we need to move from a wall cell to another wall cell that was broken by the *same* kick, without paying? In our graph, we don't have 0-cost edges between wall cells. So if we kick from A to C (distance 2), we have a 1-cost edge from A to C, and a 1-cost edge from A to B (distance 1). But we don't have a 0-cost edge from C to B. If we want to go from C to B, we would have to use a 1-cost edge from C to B (which is a kick). That would cost an extra 1. But as argued, we could have just kicked directly to B from A. So the optimal path wouldn't need that. But what if the optimal path requires going to C, then to B, then to some D? Let's try to construct a case where we *must* go to C and then to B, and kicking directly to B from A is not enough.

Suppose A is start. We want to reach goal D. D is adjacent to B. C is distance 2 from A. B is distance 1 from A. The terrain: A is '.', B is '#', C is '#', D is '.'. D is adjacent to B but not to C.
If we kick from A to C: A -> C cost 1. We are at C. From C, we want to go to D. D is adjacent to B, not to C. So we need to go C -> B -> D. In our graph, C -> B is a 1-cost edge (kick from C to B). Then B -> D is 0-cost (since B is wall but we have 0-cost from B to D). Total cost: A -> C (1) + C -> B (1) = 2.
If we kick from A to B directly: A -> B cost 1. Then B -> D cost 0. Total cost 1. So the optimal path is 1, which uses the direct kick to B. Our graph gives 1.
What if D is only reachable from C? But D is adjacent to B, so it's reachable from B.
What if we want to go to D, and D is adjacent to C, but we also need to go to E which is adjacent to B? Then we could go A -> B -> E and A -> C -> D. But if we need to visit both, we might need to go A -> C -> B -> E? That would be a path that visits both. But the goal is a single cell, we don't need to visit multiple.

What if the goal is D, and D is behind a wall that requires us to break both B and C to reach? For example, A is at (0,0). B is (0,1) '#', C is (0,2) '#', D is (0,3) '.'. Goal is D. We can kick from A to C (cost 1), then we are at C. From C, D is adjacent, so we can move C -> D cost 0. Total 1. Our graph: A -> C cost 1, C -> D cost 0 (since D is '.' and C has 0-cost to adjacent '.' cells). Total 1. Works.
What if D is (1,2) and we need to go A -> C -> D? A -> C cost 1, C -> D cost 0 (if D is '.'). Works.
What if D is (1,1) and we need to go A -> B -> D? Works.

What if we have a longer wall? Suppose A is (0,0). We want to go to (0,4). Grid: . # # # . 
We can kick from A to (0,2) [distance 2], cost 1. Then from (0,2) kick to (0,4) [distance 2], cost 1. Total 2. Our graph: A -> (0,2) cost 1, (0,2) -> (0,4) cost 1. Total 2. Works.

What if we kick from A to (0,2), then move to (0,1) (which is now a road) and then kick from (0,1) to somewhere? That would be suboptimal.

Now, what about a case where we kick, and then we move to a '.' cell that was already there, and then we kick again? That's handled.

Is there any case where we need to use a 0-cost edge from a '.' cell to a wall cell that was broken by a kick from a different cell? Suppose we have a path: A ('.') -> B ('.') -> C ('#') -> D ('.'). We want to go from A to D. If C is a wall, we can't go B -> C without kicking. We can kick from B to C. That's B -> C cost 1. In our graph, B has a 1-cost edge to C. Then C -> D cost 0. Works.

What if we have a situation where we break a wall from a distance, and then later we enter that broken wall from a different direction without kicking? For example, we are at A. We kick to break B and C. We don't move to them. We go around a long way to reach C from the other side. But we can't go around without kicking elsewhere. If we can go around, we could have just gone that way without the first kick. The first kick would be wasted. So not optimal.

What if we break a wall, and then use it as a shortcut later? Suppose we have a loop. We are at A. We kick to break B (wall) and C (wall). We then move away, go around the loop, and come back to C from the other side, and then go to B? That would be a cycle. Not optimal.

But wait: what if the goal is on the other side of the broken wall, and we break it early to use it later? But we can only break walls within distance 2. So we are close to the broken wall. We can just go through it immediately.

Is there any case where we kick from A to C (distance 2), and then we move from C to some D, and then we need to move from D to B (the intermediate cell) which is now a road, and that is part of the optimal path?
Suppose A=(0,0), B=(0,1), C=(0,2), D=(1,2) is '.'. Goal is (1,1) which is '.'? Or something.
Let's design: 
Grid:
(0,0) '.' A
(0,1) '#' B
(0,2) '#' C
(1,0) '#'
(1,1) '.' D
(1,2) '.' E
Goal is D (1,1).
We start at A. We can kick right to C (0,2) cost 1. Then move down to E (1,2) cost 0. Then move left to D (1,1) cost 0. Total cost 1. Our graph: A -> C (1), C -> E (0), E -> D (0). Cost 1.
What if we kicked to B instead? A -> B (1), B -> D (0) (since B is adjacent to D). Cost 1. So both work.
What if D is (1,1) but E is a wall? Then from C we can't go down. We would have to go A -> B -> D.

What if we want to go to (0,1) B from C? We don't need to because we can just kick to B directly.

It seems the graph model is correct. But we must be careful: the 0-cost edges from wall cells to adjacent '.' cells are directed? In our graph, we have 0-cost edges from every cell to adjacent '.' cells. But we should also have 0-cost edges from '.' cells to adjacent '.' cells. That's symmetric. For wall cells, we have 0-cost edges to adjacent '.' cells. Do we need 0-cost edges from '.' cells to adjacent wall cells? No, because we can't move into a wall without kicking. But wait: if we have a wall cell that we broke, it is now a road. Shouldn't we be able to move from a '.' cell into that broken wall cell for free? In our graph, if we are at a '.' cell and we want to move to a broken wall cell, we would need to use a 1-cost edge (kick) to enter it, even though it's already broken. That would be incorrect if we can enter it for free. But can we enter a broken wall cell for free if we didn't kick to get there? The broken wall cell is now a road. If we are adjacent to it, we can just walk into it for free. In our graph, we don't have that edge. Is there a scenario where we are adjacent to a broken wall cell that we didn't just kick? That would mean we broke the wall earlier, moved away, and now we are coming back to it from a different direction. As argued, that might be part of an optimal path? Let's try to construct a case where we need to break a wall, then move away, and then come back to it from a different direction without kicking again.

Consider a maze where we need to break a wall to create a path, but we can't go through it immediately because the other side is blocked? But the kick breaks up to 2 walls. If we break a wall, we can immediately go through it. If the other side is blocked, we can't go further anyway. We would need to break more walls. But we could just break the next walls from the new position.

What if we break a wall, and then we go around to the other side of that wall, and then we go through it from the other side? That would mean we broke a wall that we could have just broken from the other side. It's symmetrical.

What if we break a wall that opens a shortcut, but we don't use it immediately because we need to go collect something? There's no items, just start and goal.

Let's try to find a concrete counterexample where the graph model gives a smaller cost than the true minimum, or a larger cost.
The graph model gives cost = number of kicks. It might overcount if we need to use a 0-cost edge that we don't have. It might undercount if we have a 0-cost edge that we shouldn't have.

Potential undercount: We have 0-cost edges from wall cells to adjacent '.' cells. This means if we are on a wall cell, we can move to an adjacent '.' cell for free. But we can only be on a wall cell if we kicked to it. So that's correct. But we also have 0-cost edges from wall cells to adjacent '.' cells even if we didn't kick to that wall cell? We can't be on a wall cell without kicking. So no issue.

Potential overcount: We don't have 0-cost edges from '.' cells to adjacent wall cells. So if we break a wall, and then we are at a '.' cell adjacent to that broken wall, we cannot move into it for free. We would need to kick again. Could this happen in an optimal path? Suppose we break a wall, then we move to a '.' cell, and then we want to go back into the broken wall. That would be backtracking. In a shortest path, we wouldn't go back into a cell we just left? But we might leave the broken wall, go around, and enter it from the other side? That would be a cycle. Since all edge weights are non-negative, there is always an optimal path without cycles. So we never need to re-enter a broken wall from a different direction if we could have just stayed on it? Wait, what if the broken wall is a cell that we need to pass through, but we break it, then we move to another cell, and then we come back to it? That's a cycle. We could just not move away.

But what if we break a wall, and then we move to a '.' cell, and then we want to move to another wall cell that is adjacent to the broken wall? That would be moving from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell. But we are moving from the '.' cell, not from the broken wall. The broken wall is adjacent to the '.' cell. We want to move '.' -> broken wall. In our graph, we don't have that edge. So we would need to kick from the '.' cell to the broken wall? But the broken wall is already a road! So we should be able to just walk in. Our graph would force us to kick, costing an extra 1. This would be an overcount (our graph gives higher cost than possible).

Let's see if this can happen without cycles. Suppose we start at A. We kick to break wall B. B is now a road. We move from B to C ('.'). Then we want to move from C to B? That's backtracking. Not optimal. What if we move from B to C, and then from C to D (another wall)? That's C -> D, not C -> B. We don't need to go back to B.
What if we break B, then move to C, then move to D, and then we want to move from D to B? That's a cycle.

What if we break B, but we don't move to B? We just break it and stay at A. Then we move from A to C ('.'), then from C to B? We could have just moved A -> B. So not optimal.

What if we have two different paths? We break wall B from A, but we don't go through B. We go a different way, and later we need to go through B. But we could have just gone through B immediately. If we didn't go through B immediately, we must have had a reason. The only reason is that B is not on the path to the goal? But then we wouldn't need to go through B later.

What if breaking B is a side effect of a kick that we used to go somewhere else? For example, we kick from A to C (distance 2), which also breaks B (distance 1). We move to C. Then we move from C to D, etc. Later, we want to move from some cell E to B. But B is now a road. To get to B, we might need to enter it from E. If E is a '.' cell adjacent to B, we would want to move E -> B for free. In our graph, we don't have E -> B cost 0 because B is a wall. So we would have to kick from E to B, costing 1. But in reality, B is already a road, so we can walk in for free. Could this happen in an optimal path?

Let's construct a scenario:
We are at A (0,0). We want to go to goal G. We kick right from A, breaking B (0,1) and C (0,2). We move to C (0,2). From C, we go down, down, left, left, up to E (0,1)? Wait, E is B. That's a cycle.
What if we move to C, then go down to D (1,2), then right to F (1,3), then up to G (0,3)? We don't need B.
What if G is behind B? We could have just gone A -> B -> G.
What if G is such that we need to go A -> C -> D -> E -> B -> G? That means B is between E and G. But we could have gone A -> B -> G directly? If A -> B -> G is blocked by other walls? But A kicked to C, breaking B. So B is now a road from A. If A -> B -> G is blocked, it must be that G is not reachable from B. But then B -> G is not possible. So we wouldn't need to go E -> B -> G.

Let's try to make a concrete grid where we need to use a broken wall from a different direction.
Suppose we have a 3x3 grid:
A . . 
# B #
. . G
A is (0,0), B is (1,1), G is (2,2). All '.' except B is '#'? No, we want B to be a wall that we break.
Let's set:
A = (0,0) '.'
(0,1) = '#'
(0,2) = '#'
(1,0) = '#'
B = (1,1) = '#'
(1,2) = '#'
(2,0) = '.'
(2,1) = '.'
G = (2,2) = '.'
Start A, goal G.
We can kick right from A: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). We move to (0,2). Then kick down: breaks (1,2) and (2,2). Move to (2,2) = G. Cost 2.
What if we kick down from A: breaks (1,0) and (2,0). Move to (2,0). Then kick right: breaks (2,1) and (2,2). Move to G. Cost 2.
Now, what if we want to use B? B is (1,1). Not needed.

Try to make a scenario where we kick from A to C (distance 2), breaking B (distance 1). Then we go from C to somewhere, and later we need to enter B from a different direction.
Suppose we have a wall cross. We break a wall, and later we come through that same wall from the other side.
Consider a grid where we have a loop of roads, and a wall in the middle. We break the wall from one side, then go around the loop, and come back through the broken wall from the other side. But that would be a cycle. We could just go through the broken wall immediately and not go around the loop.

What if the goal is on the other side of the broken wall, but we can't reach it immediately because there's another wall blocking the path from the broken wall? Then we would need to break that other wall too. But we could break that other wall from the broken wall.

I'm trying to find a case where we kick from A to C, and then we move to D, and then we want to move from D to B (the intermediate cell) and that is necessary. But if D is adjacent to B, and we are at C, we could just move C -> B -> D? But we are at C, and we want to go to D. If D is adjacent to B, and B is adjacent to C, then C and D are distance 2 apart (C adjacent to B, B adjacent to D). So we could move C -> B -> D. In our graph, we don't have C -> B edge (0-cost). But we do have C -> B as a 1-cost edge? Actually, C and B are adjacent. In our graph, we have 1-cost edges from C to B. So we could do C -> B (cost 1) -> D (cost 0). But that costs 1 extra. In reality, B is already a road, so we should be able to move C -> B -> D for free (cost 0). So our graph would charge 1 for that move, which is an overcount.

Let's test this scenario:
Grid:
A = (0,0) '.'
B = (0,1) '#'
C = (0,2) '#'
D = (1,1) '.'  (goal)
Start A, goal D.
We kick right from A to C (distance 2). This breaks B and C. Cost 1.
Now we are at C. We want to go to D. D is at (1,1). C is at (0,2). B is at (0,1). D is adjacent to B. So we can move C -> B (left) -> D (down). Both moves are cost 0 because B and C are now roads. Total cost = 1.
In our graph:
0-cost edges: from wall cells to adjacent '.' cells. D is '.' adjacent to B. So B -> D cost 0. C is adjacent to D? No, C is adjacent to B and (1,2) etc. C is not adjacent to D. C has 0-cost edges to adjacent '.' cells? Adjacent to C: (0,1) B (wall), (0,3) maybe wall, (1,2) maybe wall. If (1,2) is '.', then C -> (1,2) cost 0. But D is not adjacent to C. So we need to go C -> B -> D.
In our graph, do we have C -> B cost 0? No, because B is a wall, and we only have 0-cost edges from wall cells to '.' cells, not between wall cells. So C -> B is not a 0-cost edge. We have C -> B as a 1-cost edge (kick). So the path would be A -> C (1) + C -> B (1) + B -> D (0) = 2. But the true cost is 1! So this is a counterexample! Our graph gives 2, but the correct answer is 1.

Let's verify the true cost for this grid:
Grid:
(0,0) '.' A
(0,1) '#' B
(0,2) '#' C
(1,0) '#' (say)
(1,1) '.' D
(1,2) '#' (say)
Start A (0,0), goal D (1,1).
Can we reach D with 1 kick?
Kick right from A: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). Both become roads.
Now we can move: from A, we can move to (0,1) or (0,2).
If we move to (0,1) (B), then we can move down to (1,1) D (since D is '.'). So we can do A -> B (after kick) -> D. That's 1 kick.
In our graph, the path A -> B (cost 1) -> D (cost 0) gives cost 1. That is available because we have a 1-cost edge from A to B, and a 0-cost edge from B to D. So the optimal path does not go through C. It goes through B.
But what if D is not reachable from B? Suppose D is only reachable from C. But D is adjacent to B. If D is reachable from B, we can just go A -> B -> D. If D is not reachable from B, how can we reach it from C via B? If B is a wall, we can't go from C to B to D if B is not broken? But B is broken by the kick. So we can go from C to B to D. But we could also go A -> B -> D directly. So going through C is never better than going through B directly. Because A is adjacent to B. So A -> B is distance 1, A -> C is distance 2. Both cost 1 kick. So we can always just kick to B instead of C, and then go to D. So the optimal path will never need to go C -> B.

But wait, what if A is not adjacent to B? In the kick, the kick is from A. B is at distance 1, C at distance 2. A is always adjacent to B. So we can always kick directly to B with cost 1. So we never need to go from C to B with cost 0, because we could have just kicked to B in the first place.

What if the kick is from a different cell? Suppose we are at X, and we kick to Z (distance 2), breaking Y (distance 1). Then we move from Z to some W, and then we want to move from W to Y. Could we have just kicked from X to Y? Yes, X is adjacent to Y. So we could have kicked to Y directly. So the path X -> Y -> ... would be shorter or equal.

Therefore, any path that uses a kick to distance 2 and then later moves back to distance 1 is suboptimal because we could have just kicked to distance 1 and skipped the backtracking. So we don't need the 0-cost edge between the distance 2 cell and the distance 1 cell.

What about a scenario where we kick from X to Z (distance 2), and then we move from Z to some W, and then we want to move from W to some other cell that is only reachable through Y, but we can't reach Y from X directly because Y is not adjacent to X? But Y is always distance 1 from X. So X is adjacent to Y. So we can always reach Y directly from X if we kick.

So the only issue is if we need to move from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell that we didn't just kick. But as argued, we can always rearrange the path to not do that.

Is there a case where we break a wall, then move away, and then come back to that wall from a different direction, and it's not suboptimal? Suppose the broken wall is part of a necessary path that we can't access immediately because we need to go around some other obstacle? But we are already on the broken wall (or adjacent to it). If we can go around, we could have just gone the other way first. Since all costs are non-negative, we can just go through the broken wall immediately.

Let's try to construct a case where the optimal path uses a kick from A to C, then moves C -> D -> E -> B, where B is the intermediate cell of the kick, and this is better than A -> B -> E? If A -> B -> E is possible, it's shorter. If A -> B -> E is not possible because B is blocked from E? But B is adjacent to A, so if we can go B -> E, we can go A -> B -> E. If B -> E is blocked, we can't go B -> E anyway. So we wouldn't go C -> D -> E -> B -> ... if B -> E is blocked.

What if we need to break a wall, but we don't go through it; we just break it to open a path for later, and we don't stand on it? For example, we are at A, we kick right, breaking B and C. We don't move into B or C. We move left instead, go around, and then come to C from the other side. But we could have just kicked when we got to the other side? If we can reach the other side without kicking, we can just kick from there. The kick would cost the same. So no benefit.

Therefore, it seems that the graph model with:
- 0-cost edges between adjacent cells that are originally '.'.
- 1-cost edges from every cell to every cell within distance 2 in the four cardinal directions.
- 0-cost edges from every cell to adjacent originally '.' cells? Wait, we need the 0-cost edges from wall cells to adjacent '.' cells. In the previous test, we had B (wall) -> D ('.') cost 0. That was crucial for the path A -> B -> D. In our graph, we need that edge. If we only have 0-cost edges between originally '.' cells, we would not have B -> D. So we must add 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent originally '.' cells.

But wait: if we add 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent originally '.' cells, then from a '.' cell, we can move to an adjacent wall cell? No, because the edge is from the wall cell to the '.' cell. If we make it undirected, then we would have '.' -> wall cost 0, which is wrong. So we must make these edges *directed*: from any cell to an adjacent originally '.' cell, cost 0? But movement is symmetric. If B is a wall that we broke, we can move B -> D and D -> B. So we need both directions. But if we add both directions for all cells, then from D ('.') we can move to B (wall) for free even before B is broken. That would be wrong.

So we cannot use a static graph with undirected edges. The graph is inherently dynamic: the wall cells become roads only after being kicked. But wait, in our 0-1 BFS, we are only exploring paths. We can think of the state as the current cell, and we can dynamically allow moves. Since we only care about the shortest path, we can simulate the process: we start at (A,B). We can move to adjacent '.' cells. We can also "kick" which adds new edges. But we can't simulate all kicks.

This is a classic problem: "0-1 BFS with wall breaking". The standard solution is to use a 0-1 BFS on the grid where we treat the grid as a graph, and we can move to adjacent cells. If the target cell is '.', cost 0. If it's '#', we can break it with a kick? But a kick breaks up to 2 walls. So we can move to a wall with cost 1, and also break the next wall? Actually, the kick breaks all walls up to distance 2. So from a cell, we can "jump" to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line with cost 1. And we can also move to adjacent '.' cells with cost 0. But we need to ensure that after jumping, we can move to adjacent '.' cells.

Let's look at AtCoder solutions for similar problems. I recall a problem: "Takahashi and eel" - maybe it's from ABC 300? Actually, there's a problem called "Eel" in ABC 369? Let's search my memory: ABC 369 F is "Gather Coins"? No. ABC 368 F is "Dividing Game"? Not sure.
Maybe it's from ARC? Or a typical JOI problem? "Eel" is "unagi". There's a famous problem "Unagi" from AtCoder? Actually, AtCoder has a problem "Unagi" in ABC 273? Let's think: ABC 273 A is "Recursive Function", B is "Broken Rounding", etc. Not sure.

Wait, I can search my mental database for "Takahashi is about to go buy eel". This is a problem from AtCoder Beginner Contest 246? No, ABC 246 is "A - Four Points", etc. ABC 266? There's "Takahashi" in many problems. "Eel" might be "unagi" in Japanese. I remember a problem "unagi" in JOI? Maybe it's JOI 2021? Not sure.

Let's think about the constraints: H,W <= 1000. This is typical for a BFS/0-1 BFS. The number of states is 1e6. We can do 0-1 BFS in O(HW). The graph should have O(HW) edges.

What if we model the problem as follows:
We have a grid. We can move to adjacent '.' cells with cost 0. We can also perform a "kick" which is an action that costs 1 and allows us to move to any cell within distance 2 in a straight line. But we also need to account for the fact that after a kick, the walls become roads. However, if we only care about the path we take, we can think of a kick as a move from cell u to cell v with cost 1, where v is in the same row/column and |u - v| <= 2. And when we do this, we also "break" the walls between u and v. But if we break them, we can later move through them for free. But as argued, we never need to move through them later unless we backtrack, which is suboptimal. So maybe we can just ignore the fact that the intermediate walls become roads for other paths? But wait, in the counterexample I tried to construct, the optimal path was A -> B -> D, where B is the intermediate wall. That path is just a kick from A to B, then move to D. In our graph with 1-cost edges from A to B and A to C, and 0-cost edges from all cells to adjacent '.' cells? But we can't have undirected 0-cost edges from all cells to '.' cells.

Let's formalize the graph for 0-1 BFS:
We want to find the minimum number of kicks. We can think of the state as (r, c). We have two types of transitions:
1. Move to an adjacent cell (nr, nc) if the original grid has '.' at (nr, nc). Cost 0.
2. Kick: from (r, c), we can choose a direction and break walls up to distance 2. This means we can "move" to any cell (nr, nc) that is in that direction at distance 1 or 2, and we pay cost 1. But we also need to be able to move from (nr, nc) to adjacent '.' cells. However, if we use a kick to reach (nr, nc), we are now standing on (nr, nc). From there, we can move to adjacent '.' cells (cost 0) or kick again (cost 1). So we don't need to add any special edges; we just need to allow the BFS to explore from (nr, nc) using the same rules. But wait, if (nr, nc) was originally a wall, can we move to adjacent '.' cells? Yes, because it's now a road. So in our BFS, when we are at a cell, we should be able to move to adjacent '.' cells regardless of the original terrain of the current cell? The current cell is always a road (either originally or because we kicked to it). So we can always move to adjacent '.' cells. But we cannot move to adjacent wall cells without kicking. So the rule is:
From any cell we are currently at (which is always a road in the current state), we can:
- Move to an adjacent cell if that cell is *originally* '.' (cost 0).
- Kick to a cell at distance 1 or 2 in a straight line (cost 1). The target cell can be anything ('.' or '#'). After the kick, we are at the target cell, and it becomes a road (so we can continue from it).

Is this exactly equivalent to the problem? Let's check.
In the problem, after a kick, the intermediate cells also become roads. But in our BFS, we don't allow moving to intermediate cells for free unless we kick to them. But we can always kick to them directly with cost 1. So if we need to use an intermediate cell, we can just kick to it. But what if we kick to distance 2, and then we want to move to the intermediate cell for free? That would be moving from distance 2 to distance 1. In our BFS, we are at distance 2. The intermediate cell is distance 1 from the start, and distance 1 from our current cell. It is originally a wall (since we kicked to break it). In our BFS, from the distance 2 cell, we can kick to the distance 1 cell with cost 1. But in reality, we can just walk there for free. So our BFS would charge an extra kick if we need to do that. But as argued, we never need to do that because we could have just kicked to the distance 1 cell directly.

What about moving from the intermediate cell to somewhere else? We can kick to the intermediate cell directly.
What about moving from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell? In our BFS, we can only move to originally '.' cells for free. So if we are at a '.' cell, we cannot move to an adjacent broken wall cell for free. We would need to kick. But in reality, if the wall is broken, we can walk in for free. So our BFS would charge an extra kick if we need to move from a '.' cell into a broken wall cell that we didn't just kick. Is this ever needed? Let's think.

Suppose we kick from A to break B and C. We move to C. Then we move from C to D ('.'). Then we want to move from D to B? That's backtracking. Not optimal.
What if we kick from A to break B and C. We don't move to B or C. We move from A to E ('.'), then from E to B? That's the same as kicking to B directly? We could have just kicked to B.
What if we kick from A to break B and C. We move to B. Then we move from B to C? That's moving from B to C. We could have just kicked to C directly.

What if we have a situation where we kick from A to break B (distance 1) and C (distance 2). We move to B. Then we kick from B to break D (distance 1 from B) and E (distance 2). This is a chain of kicks. Our BFS handles this: A -> B (cost 1), B -> D (cost 1). We don't need to move from B to C.

What if we have a scenario where we kick from A to break B, and then we move from A to some other cell F, and then we want to move from F to B? That's a cycle.

What if we break a wall, and then we go around a long path, and then we need to enter that broken wall from the other side? For example, we break a wall at the entrance of a cave, then we go around the mountain, and enter the cave from the other side, and we need to go through the broken wall to exit? That would mean the broken wall is the only connection between two parts of the cave. But if we broke it from the entrance, we could have just entered the cave from the entrance. If we go around, we are just wasting moves.

But wait: there is a possibility that we break a wall, and then we don't go through it because it's blocked by another wall. Later we break that other wall from a different direction, and then we can go through the first broken wall. For example:
A is start. We want to go to G. There is a wall at B and C. We are at A. We kick to break B and C. But C is adjacent to another wall D. We can't go through C because D is blocking. We then go around, break D from the other side, and then we can go through C and B to reach G? But if we go around to break D, we might as well break D from the other side and then go through D and C and B? But we broke B and C from A. If we go around, we are at the other side of D. We break D, then we are at C. C is already broken. We can then go to B and A? But we started at A. We want to go to G. If G is near A, we are going in a loop.

Let's try to construct a concrete grid where this matters.
We need a path that goes: Start -> kick to break some walls -> move away without using those walls -> later come back to those walls from a different direction and use them.
This essentially means the broken walls are used as a bridge that we couldn't cross immediately because the other side was blocked, but we later unblock the other side and cross back.

Imagine a grid:
S . # # . G
# # # # . .
. . . . . .
But with specific topology.
Let's think of a door that we unlock from one side, then go around to the other side to enter? But we are the one unlocking, we can just enter immediately.

Actually, consider this: We are at S. We want to get to G. There is a wall that we can break from S, but if we break it, we fall into a pit? No, no pits. All cells are just roads or walls.

What if we break a wall, and that wall is the only way to reach a certain area, but we can't go through it because we need to activate something? No activation.

I think the BFS approach where we only allow moving to adjacent originally '.' cells, and kicking to any cell within distance 2, is correct and does not overcount. Let's test with a potential counterexample.

Consider a 3x3 grid:
S . #
# # #
. . G
S=(0,0) '.', G=(2,2) '.'.
Walls: (0,2) '#', (1,0) '#', (1,1) '#', (1,2) '#'.
Roads: (0,1) '.', (2,0) '.', (2,1) '.', (2,2) '.'.
We want to go from S to G.
Can we do it with 1 kick?
Kick right from S: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). But (0,1) is already '.'. (0,2) becomes '.'. Then we move to (0,2). From (0,2), we can move down? (1,2) is '#', so we can't. We can kick down from (0,2): breaks (1,2) and (2,2). (2,2) is G. Cost 2.
Kick down from S: breaks (1,0) and (2,0). Move to (2,0). Then move right to (2,1) then (2,2) G. Cost 1? Wait, (2,0) is '.', (2,1) is '.', (2,2) is '.'. So we can just move along the bottom row. But (2,0) is a road? In my grid, (2,0) is '.'. So we kick down, break (1,0) which is '#', and (2,0) is already '.'. Then we move to (2,0) via (1,0)? Wait, we kicked down from S. The kick breaks (1,0) and (2,0) (but (2,0) is already road). So (1,0) becomes road. Then we can move S -> (1,0) -> (2,0). Then from (2,0) we move right to (2,1) -> (2,2). Total kicks: 1. So cost 1.
In our BFS: S can kick to (1,0) cost 1. From (1,0), we can move to (2,0) cost 0 (since (2,0) is '.'). Then (2,0) -> (2,1) -> (2,2) cost 0. Total 1. Works.

Now, what if we change the grid so that the bottom row is not all road? Suppose:
S . # #
# # # #
# # . G
S=(0,0) '.', (0,1) '.', (0,2) '#', (0,3) '#'
(1,0) '#', (1,1) '#', (1,2) '#', (1,3) '#'
(2,0) '#', (2,1) '#', (2,2) '.', (2,3) '.' G
We want S to G.
Can we do it with 2 kicks?
Kick right from S: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). (0,1) is '.', (0,2) becomes '.'. Move to (0,2). Kick down: breaks (1,2) and (2,2). (2,2) is '.', so (1,2) becomes '.'. Move to (2,2) then right to G. Cost 2.
In BFS: S -> (0,2) cost 1. (0,2) -> (1,2) cost 1? Wait, (0,2) to (1,2) is down 1? Actually, kick down from (0,2) breaks (1,2) and (2,2). So we can kick from (0,2) to (2,2) cost 1. Then move to G. Total 2. Works.

Now, what if we use a path where we break a wall, then move away, then come back?
Suppose we have a grid that forces us to break a wall from one side, then go around to the other side to use it? But we can always just break it from the side we are on.

I am starting to believe that the simple BFS with:
- move to adjacent '.' cell (cost 0)
- kick to any cell within distance 2 in straight line (cost 1)
is correct. But we must be careful: after kicking to a cell, we can move to adjacent '.' cells. In our BFS, if we kick to a cell, we are at that cell. From there, we can move to adjacent '.' cells. That's exactly what we do. But what about moving from a '.' cell to a wall cell that we previously broke? We don't allow that. But as argued, we never need to.

Let's check if there is any official solution or known problem that matches this. I recall a problem "Front Kick" from AtCoder? Actually, there is a problem called "Kick" in ABC 300? No. Let's search my memory for "front kick". AtCoder Beginner Contest 342 F? No. There's an AtCoder problem "Takahashi and Eel" from ABC 249? ABC 249 is "E - RLE"? Not sure.

Wait, I can just google in my mind: "Takahashi is about to go buy eel at a fish shop." This is a problem from AtCoder Beginner Contest 273? No, ABC 273 is "F - Hammer 2". ABC 274 is "F - Fishing". ABC 275 is "F - I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 276 is "F - Double Chance". ABC 277 is "F - Sorting a Matrix". ABC 278 is "F - Shiritori". ABC 279 is "F - BOX". ABC 280 is "F - Cashless". ABC 281 is "F - Xoranges". ABC 282 is "F - Union of Two Sets". ABC 283 is "F - Permutation Distance". ABC 284 is "F - ABCBAC". ABC 285 is "F - Substring". ABC 286 is "F - I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 287 is "F - Components". ABC 288 is "F - Integer Division". ABC 289 is "F - Teleporter". ABC 290 is "F - Maximum Diameter". ABC 291 is "F - Teleporter and Closed off". ABC 292 is "F - Regular Triangle". ABC 293 is "F - Zero or One". ABC 294 is "F - Sugar Water". ABC 295 is "F - substr". ABC 296 is "F - Simultaneous Swap". ABC 297 is "F - Minimum Bounding Box". ABC 298 is "F - Rook Score". ABC 299 is "F - Square Subsequence". ABC 300 is "F - More Holidays". ABC 301 is "F - Anti-DDoS". ABC 302 is "F - Merge Set". ABC 303 is "F - Damage over Time". ABC 304 is "F - Shift Table". ABC 305 is "F - Dungeon Explore". ABC 306 is "F - Merge Sets". ABC 307 is "F - Virus 2". ABC 308 is "F - Vouchers". ABC 309 is "F - Box in Box". ABC 310 is "F - Make 10 Again". ABC 311 is "F - Vacation Query". ABC 312 is "F - Cans and Openers". ABC 313 is "F - Flip Machines". ABC 314 is "F - A Certain Game". ABC 315 is "F - Shortcuts". ABC 316 is "F - Beautiful Path". ABC 317 is "F - Palindrome Query". ABC 318 is "F - Octopus". ABC 319 is "F - Fake Simulation". ABC 320 is "F - Fuel Round Trip". ABC 321 is "F - #(subset sum = K)". ABC 322 is "F - Vacation Query". ABC 323 is "F - Push and Carry". ABC 324 is "F - Beautiful Path". ABC 325 is "F - Sensor Optimization". ABC 326 is "F - Robot Rotation". ABC 327 is "F - Apples". ABC 328 is "F - Good Set Query". ABC 329 is "F - Colored Ball". ABC 330 is "F - Minimize Bounding Square". ABC 331 is "F - Palindrome Query". ABC 332 is "F - Random Update Query". ABC 333 is "F - Bomb Game 2". ABC 334 is "F - Christmas Present". ABC 335 is "F - Hop Hop Jump". ABC 336 is "F - Rotation Puzzle". ABC 337 is "F - Usual Color". ABC 338 is "F - Negative Traveling Salesman". ABC 339 is "F - Product Equality". ABC 340 is "F - S = 1". ABC 341 is "F - Breakdown". ABC 342 is "F - Black Jack". ABC 343 is "F - Many Lamps". ABC 344 is "F - Earn to Advance". ABC 345 is "F - Many Lamps". ABC 346 is "F - SSttrriinngg". ABC 347 is "F - Non-overlapping Squares". ABC 348 is "F - Oddly Similar". ABC 349 is "F - Subsequence". ABC 350 is "F - Transpose". ABC 351 is "F - Merge Set". ABC 352 is "F - Estimate Order". ABC 353 is "F - Tile Distance". ABC 354 is "F - Useless". ABC 355 is "F - MST Query". ABC 356 is "F - Distance Component". ABC 357 is "F - Two Sequence Queries". ABC 358 is "F - Easiest Maze". ABC 359 is "F - Tree Degree". ABC 360 is "F - InterSections". ABC 361 is "F - x = a^b". ABC 362 is "F - Perfect Matching". ABC 363 is "F - Palindromic Expression". ABC 364 is "F - Range Connect". ABC 365 is "F - Takahashi on Grid". ABC 366 is "F - Maximum Composition". ABC 367 is "F - Rearrange Query". ABC 368 is "F - Dividing Game". ABC 369 is "F - Gather Coins". ABC 370 is "F - Cake Division". ABC 371 is "F - Takahashi in Narrow Road". ABC 372 is "F - Teleporter". ABC 373 is "F - Knapsack with Diminishing". ABC 374 is "F - Shipping". ABC 375 is "F - Road Blocked". ABC 376 is "F - Hands on Ring". ABC 377 is "F - Avoid Queen". ABC 378 is "F - Add One Edge". ABC 379 is "F - Takahashi on Grid". ABC 380 is "F - Exchange Game". ABC 381 is "F - 1122". ABC 382 is "F - Falling Bars". ABC 383 is "F - Diversity". ABC 384 is "F - Double Sum". ABC 385 is "F - Blood Type". ABC 386 is "F - Operate K". ABC 387 is "F - Count Arrays". ABC 388 is "F - Dangerous Sugoroku". ABC 389 is "F - Rated Range". ABC 390 is "F - Double Sum 2". ABC 391 is "F - K-th Largest Triplet". ABC 392 is "F - Insert". ABC 393 is "F - Prefix LIS". ABC 394 is "F - Alkane". ABC 395 is "F - Smooth Occlusion". ABC 396 is "F - Rotated Inversions". ABC 397 is "F - Variety Split". ABC 398 is "F - ABCBA". ABC 399 is "F - Range Power Sum". ABC 400 is "F - Happy Birthday!". This is not helping.

Maybe it's from JOI 2023? Or JOI 2024? I think it's a JOI problem. "Eel" is "unagi". JOI 2023 Spring Camp? Or maybe it's from AtCoder ABC 300+? Actually, there's a problem "Unagi" in AtCoder Typical 90? No.

Regardless, I need to find the correct algorithm. Let's think about the standard solution for this kind of problem. The problem is: grid, move on roads, kick to break walls up to distance 2. This is equivalent to 0-1 BFS where we can move to adjacent roads, and we can also "jump" to any cell within Manhattan distance 2 in a straight line with cost 1. But wait, if we jump to a wall cell, we can then move from it to adjacent roads. In a 0-1 BFS, we can just simulate this by adding edges.

Let's consider the graph where nodes are all cells. We add:
- 0-cost edges between adjacent cells that are originally '.'.
- 1-cost edges from every cell to every cell within distance 2 in the four directions.
But as we saw, this graph doesn't have the 0-cost edges from a jumped-to wall cell to adjacent '.' cells. So we add them:
- 0-cost edges from every cell to adjacent originally '.' cells? But we can't have undirected edges from '.' to wall cells. So we make them directed? But movement is symmetric.
Wait, if we are at a wall cell, we can move to an adjacent '.' cell. If we are at that '.' cell, can we move back to the wall cell? If the wall cell was broken, yes. But in our graph, we don't know if it was broken. However, if we reached the wall cell, it means we broke it. So we could add a directed edge from the wall cell to the '.' cell. But what about moving from the '.' cell to the wall cell? If we need to do that, we could just kick from the '.' cell to the wall cell? That would cost 1. But maybe it should cost 0? Let's see if we ever need to move from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell without kicking.

Suppose we break a wall cell B from A. We move to B. Then we move from B to C ('.'). Now we are at C. We want to go back to B. That's backtracking. Not optimal.
What if we break B from A, but we don't move to B. We move to C ('.') from A. Then we want to move from C to B. We could have just moved A -> B -> C? If A -> B is possible, we could have done that. But we didn't; we moved A -> C directly. If A -> C is a direct edge? If A and C are adjacent, then we just moved A -> C. Then we want to go C -> B. B is adjacent to A and C? This is a small cycle. Not optimal.

What if we break B from A, and then we go a long way around, and then we want to enter B from a '.' cell D. If we could reach D without breaking B, we could have just gone D -> B -> A? But B was a wall, so we couldn't go D -> B before. After breaking B from A, we can go D -> B. But to do that, we need to go from D to B. In our path, we are at D, and we want to move to B. In our BFS, if we only have 0-cost edges from wall cells to '.' cells, we don't have D -> B. We would need to kick from D to B, costing 1. But in reality, B is a road, so we can walk D -> B for free. This would be an overcount.

So the question is: can we have a situation where we break a wall from one side, and then later we need to enter it from the other side without kicking again, and that is part of the optimal path?
Let's try to construct a grid where this is necessary.
We need a wall B that we break from A. We then go to some other part of the grid, and then we need to go through B from the other side to reach the goal, and we cannot achieve the same cost by going through B immediately.
Suppose we have a U-shaped wall that separates the grid into two parts. We start on one side, goal on the other side. The wall has a single breakable segment B. We can break B from the start side by kicking from A. But if we break B, we can just go through B immediately to the goal side. Why would we go around? We wouldn't. So we would just go through B immediately.

What if the wall is thick? A kick only breaks up to distance 2. So we might need to break multiple layers. Suppose we have a thick wall of width 2. We break the first layer from A, then we move into the first layer, then we break the second layer. That's a chain of kicks. We handle that.

What if we have two disconnected components of roads, and a wall between them. We start in one component, goal in the other. We can break the wall from our component and go through. We never need to go around.

What if the start and goal are in the same component, but the optimal path involves breaking a wall to create a shortcut, and we approach that shortcut from the other side? That means we go around, break the wall from the far side, and then come back through it? That would be a cycle. If we can go around, we could just go through the shortcut in the other direction.

Wait, what if the shortcut is a one-way? No, roads are undirected.

Is it possible that we break a wall, and then we don't use it because it's blocked by another wall, but later we break that other wall from a different direction, and then we use the first broken wall? Let's try to construct this.
We have a 2x2 grid of walls, but we need to break them in a certain order.
Consider:
S . # # # .
. . # # # G
S at (0,0), G at (1,5).
Grid:
Row 0: S . # # # .
Row 1: . . # # # G
We want to go from S to G.
We can move along roads: S=(0,0), (0,1) '.', (1,0) '.', (1,1) '.'.
We need to get through the 3-wide wall at columns 2,3,4.
We can kick from (0,1) to the right: breaks (0,2) and (0,3). Then we move to (0,3). Then kick right again: breaks (0,4) and (0,5). Then move to (0,5) then down to G? But G is at (1,5). (0,5) is '.', (1,5) is G '.'. So we can just go along row 0. Cost 2.
What if row 0 is blocked? Suppose (0,5) is '#'.
S . # # # #
. . # # # G
We can go along row 0 to (0,3), then kick down? (1,3) is '#'. We can kick down from (0,3): breaks (1,3) and (2,3). Then move to (1,3), then right to (1,4) (wall), need another kick. This is a chain.

Now, try to make a situation where we break a wall from S, then go around to the other side, and then use it.
We need S and G to be such that the direct path through the broken wall is blocked by something that we can only clear from the other side.
But we can't clear anything from the other side without going there first. If we can go to the other side without breaking the wall, we could just break the wall from the other side. If we need to break the wall to get to the other side, then we are going through the wall.

I think it's a known result that for this kind of problem, the graph model with 0-cost edges between adjacent '.' cells and 1-cost edges between any cell and cells within distance 2 in the same row/column, and 0-cost edges from any cell to adjacent '.' cells? But we need to be careful about the edge directions.

Wait, maybe we can just run a 0-1 BFS on the grid where we do the following:
Maintain a deque of cells to visit. We also maintain the number of kicks used so far.
When we are at a cell (r,c) with cost d:
1. We can move to adjacent cells (nr,nc) that are originally '.' with cost d. Add to front of deque.
2. We can "kick" in a direction. This means we can break walls up to distance 2. We can simulate this by looking at the cells in that direction. We can "jump" to any cell (nr,nc) that is within distance 2, with cost d+1. We add these to the back of the deque.
But we also need to allow moving from the kicked cell to adjacent '.' cells. In step 1, when we process a cell, we move to adjacent '.' cells. This works for any cell we process, whether it was originally '.' or a wall we jumped to. So we don't need special edges.

But wait: if we jump to a wall cell, we mark it as visited with cost d+1. Then when we process it, we will move to its adjacent '.' cells with cost d+1. That's correct.
What about moving from a '.' cell to a wall cell that we previously jumped to? In our BFS, we would only add that wall cell to the deque when we jumped to it. We wouldn't add it from the '.' cell as a 0-cost move. So we wouldn't be able to move from the '.' cell to the wall cell for free. But as argued, we never need to.

But is there a case where we need to move from a '.' cell to a wall cell that was broken by a kick from a *different* cell? Suppose we kick from A to break B and C. We move to B. Then we move from B to D ('.'). Then we move from D to C? C is adjacent to D? If D is adjacent to C, then we could have just moved from B to C directly? B and C are adjacent. We could have moved B -> C. So we don't need D -> C.

What if the kick from A broke B and C, but we didn't move to B or C. We moved to E ('.'). Then from E we move to F, etc., and eventually we reach C from the other side. Then we want to move from C to B? That's backtracking.

I think the BFS approach is correct. Let's test it on the earlier counterexample that I thought might fail:
Grid:
A = (0,0) '.'
B = (0,1) '#'
C = (0,2) '#'
D = (1,1) '.' (goal)
Start A, goal D.
BFS:
Start at A (cost 0).
From A:
- move to adjacent '.': none (since (0,1) is '#', (1,0) is '#').
- kick right: can jump to (0,1) [cost 1] and (0,2) [cost 1]. Add both to deque with cost 1.
Process (0,1) cost 1:
- move to adjacent '.': (1,1) is D (goal). So we can reach D with cost 1 + 0 = 1. Found goal with cost 1.
Process (0,2) cost 1:
- move to adjacent '.': (1,2) is '#' maybe, no adjacent '.'. So no better path.
Result: 1. Correct.

Now, what if D is (1,2) and (1,1) is wall?
Grid:
A = (0,0) '.'
B = (0,1) '#'
C = (0,2) '#'
D = (1,2) '.' (goal)
(1,1) = '#'
BFS:
A -> kick right to B (1) and C (1).
Process B: adjacent '.'? (1,1) is '#', so no.
Process C: adjacent '.'? (1,2) is D '.'. So C -> D cost 0. Total cost 1. Correct.
In reality, kick right from A breaks B and C. Move to C. Then move down to D. Cost 1. Correct.

What if we have a situation where we need to move from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell?
Suppose we have a grid where we break a wall, and then we go around and enter it from the other side.
Let's try to force this:
We want a path that goes: S -> kick to break W1 and W2 -> move to W1 -> move to R1 ('.') -> move to R2 ('.') -> ... -> move to W2 from the other side -> move to G.
But if we can go from W1 to R1 to ... to W2, we could have just gone from W1 to W2 directly? W1 and W2 are adjacent? In a kick, W1 and W2 are distance 1 and 2 from S. They are adjacent to each other. So W1 and W2 are adjacent. If we are at W1, we can just move to W2 directly. So we don't need to go around.
What if the kick breaks W1 and W2, but they are not adjacent? They are distance 1 and 2 from S, so they are adjacent.
What if we kick from S to break W1 and W2, but we don't move to W1 or W2. We move to R1, then R2, then we want to enter W2 from R2? But we could have just moved S -> W2 -> ...? If we can reach R2 from W2, we can go W2 -> R2. If we are at S, we can kick to W2 and then go to R2. So we don't need to go S -> R1 -> R2 -> W2.

What if the kick is from a different cell? Suppose we kick from X to break Y and Z. We move to Y, then we move to A, then we kick from A to break B and C. Later we want to move from C to Z? That's a completely different set of walls.

I think the BFS approach is correct and does not overcount. Let's verify with Sample 4? We can't manually, but we can trust the logic.

But wait, there is a catch: In the BFS, when we kick, we can jump to a cell that is distance 2. But we also need to ensure that we can move to the intermediate cell if we want. In our BFS, we add both distance 1 and distance 2 cells to the deque with cost +1. So we can choose to go to distance 1 or distance 2. That's fine.

What about kicking from a cell that we just jumped to? We can do that because we add it to the deque and process it.

Now, what about the fact that the kick destroys walls? In our BFS, we don't actually destroy walls; we just allow jumping to them. But does the destruction of walls affect other paths? For example, we kick from A to break a wall at B. Then we move to C. Then we want to move from C to D through B? But we didn't kick to B? We kicked to B, so B is in our visited set? Actually, we might not have visited B if we jumped to C directly. But we could have jumped to B. If we need to go through B, we can just jump to B. So we don't need to go from C to B.

But what if we need to go from C to B, and C is not the cell we jumped to? Suppose we jump from A to D (distance 2), breaking B and C? Wait, distance 2 is only two cells. So A -> B (distance 1), A -> C (distance 2). There is no D. So the cells are A, B, C. We can jump to B or C. If we jump to C, we break B. If we later need to go from some other cell to B, we would have to have a path to B. But we are doing a single path from start to goal. We will only visit cells in that path. If our path includes B, we will visit B. If we jumped to C, and then we want to go to B, we can just move C -> B? But in our BFS, we don't have a 0-cost edge from C to B. We would have to kick from C to B? That would cost 1. But in reality, we can walk C -> B for free. So if the optimal path is A -> C -> B -> ..., our BFS would cost 2 (A->C kick, C->B kick) while the true cost is 1 (A->C kick, then walk to B). But is A -> C -> B -> ... ever optimal compared to A -> B -> ...? If we want to go to B, we can just kick to B directly from A with cost 1. So A -> B is always better than A -> C -> B. So the optimal path will never do A -> C -> B if it can do A -> B. But what if the goal is something that requires going to C first, then to B? For example, C is a dead end with an item? No items. What if we need to go to C to break another wall? Suppose we are at A. We kick to C (distance 2) to break a wall D that is adjacent to C? But D is distance 3 from A, so we can't break it with a single kick from A. So we kick from A to C, then from C we kick to D. That's A -> C (cost 1) -> D (cost 1). We don't need B.
What if we need to go A -> C -> B -> D? That would mean from C we go to B, then to D. But if D is reachable from B, we could have gone A -> B -> D directly. If D is not reachable from B, we can't go B -> D.
What if we need to go A -> C -> B -> E, and E is only reachable from B, and we can't go A -> B directly because A -> B is blocked? But A -> B is always a kick away. A is adjacent to B. So we can always kick A -> B. So A -> B is always possible with cost 1. So A -> B -> E is always at least as good as A -> C -> B -> E.

Therefore, any path that does A -> C -> B can be replaced by A -> B without increasing cost. So we never need the 0-cost edge from C to B.

What about moving from a '.' cell to a broken wall cell? Suppose we have a path A -> B (kick) -> C ('.') -> D ('.') -> E (wall, but we broke it earlier?). We broke E from some other kick? If we broke E earlier, we must have been near E. We could have just gone through E then.

I think the simple BFS is correct. Let's write the algorithm:

We have a grid of size H x W.
We start at (A-1, B-1) (0-indexed).
Goal at (C-1, D-1).
We want the minimum number of kicks.

We can use a 0-1 BFS (deque) or Dijkstra since edge weights are 0 and 1. 0-1 BFS is O(HW).

State: (r, c). Distance array dist[H][W] initialized to infinity.
dist[start] = 0.
deque = deque([start])

While deque:
  pop left (r, c) with cost d.
  If (r,c) == goal, return d.
  If d > dist[r][c], continue.
  
  // 0-cost moves: move to adjacent cells that are originally '.'
  For each neighbor (nr, nc) in up/down/left/right:
    if in bounds and grid[nr][nc] == '.' and dist[nr][nc] > d:
      dist[nr][nc] = d
      deque.appendleft((nr, nc))
  
  // 1-cost moves: kick in four directions
  For each direction (dr, dc):
    // We can kick up to distance 2.
    For step in 1, 2:
      nr = r + dr * step
      nc = c + dc * step
      if not in bounds: break
      // We can kick to this cell regardless of its original terrain.
      if dist[nr][nc] > d + 1:
        dist[nr][nc] = d + 1
        deque.append((nr, nc))

Wait, is that it? Let's test on Sample 2:
Grid:
.#
#.
Start (0,0), goal (1,1).
dist[0][0] = 0.
Process (0,0):
0-cost: neighbors (0,1) '#', (1,0) '#' -> no.
1-cost: right: step 1: (0,1) -> dist=1, append. step 2: (0,2) out.
down: step 1: (1,0) -> dist=1, append. step 2: (2,0) out.
Process (0,1) cost 1:
0-cost: neighbors: (0,0) '.', (1,1) '.'. dist[0,0]=0 < 1, skip. dist[1,1] = 1, appendleft.
Process (1,0) cost 1:
0-cost: neighbors: (0,0) '.', (1,1) '.'. dist[1,1] already 1, skip.
Process (1,1) cost 1 -> goal, return 1. Correct.

Sample 3:
1 3
.#.
Start (0,0), goal (0,2).
dist[0][0]=0.
Process (0,0):
0-cost: (0,1) '#' no.
1-cost: right step 1: (0,1) dist=1; step 2: (0,2) dist=1.
Process (0,2) cost 1: goal, return 1. Correct.

Sample 1: 10x10, should output 1.

But wait, is there any case where we need to kick and then move to a cell that is not originally '.' but was broken by the kick? Our BFS handles that because we can kick to that cell directly. So we don't need to move to it.

What about kicking from a cell that we reached via a kick? That's handled because we add those cells to the deque and process them.

But wait, there's a subtlety: In the problem, a kick breaks walls up to distance 2. If we kick from A to C (distance 2), we break B (distance 1). In our BFS, we add both B and C with cost 1. But we also add 0-cost moves from those cells to adjacent '.' cells. What about moving from B to C? In our BFS, we don't have a 0-cost edge from B to C. But we can just kick from A to C directly. So we don't need to go B -> C. What if we kick from A to C, and then we want to kick from C to D? We have C in the deque with cost 1, so we can kick from C to D with cost 2. Correct.

What if we kick from A to B, and then from B we kick to C? That's A -> B (cost 1) -> C (cost 1). But we could also kick from A to C directly? A to C is distance 2, so yes, cost 1. So the direct kick is better. Our BFS will find the direct kick with cost 1.

Now, consider a scenario where we need to kick from A to B, then move to D (a '.' cell), then kick from D to E? That's fine.

Is there any case where the BFS would incorrectly allow a move? For example, moving from a wall cell to a wall cell that was not broken? We don't have 0-cost moves between wall cells. We only have 1-cost kicks to any cell. So we can't move to a wall cell without paying 1. That's correct.

But wait: what if we kick from A to B (distance 1) and C (distance 2). We add B and C to deque with cost 1. Then we process B. We can move from B to adjacent '.' cells. But we can also kick from B to other cells. That's correct. But can we move from B to C with 0-cost? No, we didn't add that edge. But as argued, we don't need it.

But what if the optimal path involves going A -> B -> C -> D, where C is the distance 2 cell from A, and we go B -> C as a 0-cost move? We could just go A -> C directly with cost 1. So not needed.

What if we have a situation where we kick from A to break B and C, but we don't go to C. We go A -> B -> D -> E -> C? That's a cycle. Not optimal.

What if we have a wall of length 3? A . # # # . G
We kick from A to (0,1) and (0,2) break. Move to (0,2). Then kick to (0,3) and (0,4) break. Move to G. Our BFS: A -> (0,1) cost 1, A -> (0,2) cost 1. From (0,2), kick to (0,3) cost 2, (0,4) cost 2. From (0,4), move to G cost 0. Total 2. Correct.

What if we kick from A to (0,2) (distance 2), then from (0,2) kick to (0,4) (distance 2)? That's cost 2. Same.

Now, is there any case where we need to kick to a wall cell that is adjacent to a '.' cell, and then move to that '.' cell, but that '.' cell is also reachable from somewhere else? That's fine.

I think this BFS is correct. But wait, there's a catch: The problem says "He can repeatedly perform the following two types of actions in any order: Move to an adjacent cell that is a road. Choose one of the four directions and perform a front kick...". It does not say he can move through walls that were just broken without spending an action? Yes, moving to an adjacent road cell is an action, but it doesn't cost kicks. The number of kicks is what we minimize. Moving is free (0 cost). So our cost model is exactly the number of kicks.

But wait: In our BFS, we are counting the number of kicks. We use 0-cost for moves, 1-cost for kicks. That matches.

But there is a potential issue: When we kick, we break walls. In our BFS, we can kick to a wall cell and then immediately move to an adjacent '.' cell. But in the actual problem, after kicking, we are still at the original cell. We then need to move to the broken wall cell (which is a move action, cost 0) and then move to the adjacent '.' cell (another move, cost 0). Our BFS combines the kick and the move into the kick action? No, in our BFS, we simulate the kick by adding the target cell to the deque with cost +1. Then from that target cell, we do 0-cost moves. This corresponds to: kick (cost 1), then move to target cell (cost 0), then move to adjacent cell (cost 0). So the total cost is 1. That's correct.

But what if we want to kick and then move to a cell that is not the target cell? For example, we kick right, breaking B and C. We then move to B, and then move left? That would be silly.

What if we kick and then move to a cell that is 3 steps away? We can't without another kick.

Our BFS seems to perfectly model the problem.

Let's double-check with a tricky case: What if we kick from a cell, and the kick breaks walls, but we don't move into the broken walls; we move in a different direction? That's equivalent to not using the kick. We wouldn't do that in an optimal solution.

What if we kick and the kick breaks walls that open a path for later, but we don't move into them immediately? As argued, we can just move into them immediately.

But wait: There is a scenario where we might want to kick to break a wall that is blocking our path, but we are not adjacent to that wall? No, the kick is from the current cell, so we are adjacent to the wall we break (distance 1 or 2). So we are always adjacent to the broken wall.

I am convinced the BFS is correct.

Now, complexity: H,W <= 1000, so grid is 1e6 cells. For each cell, we do 4 neighbors for 0-cost, and 4 directions * 2 steps = 8 for 1-cost. That's 12 checks per cell. 1e6 * 12 = 12e6 operations, which is fine in Python if optimized. We should use a 0-1 BFS with deque from collections.

But wait, in the 1-cost moves, we are adding edges to cells regardless of whether they are walls or roads. If we do this, we might add edges that go out of bounds? We break if out of bounds.
Also, we should be careful: we add edges to distance 1 and distance 2. But we can just loop step=1,2 and break if out of bounds for step=1, but for step=2 we might still be in bounds? Actually, if step=1 is out of bounds, then step=2 is also out of bounds. So we can break.

But there's a small optimization: we don't need to add a 1-cost edge if the target cell is already reachable with a smaller or equal cost? The BFS will handle it.

Now, is there any case where the BFS would give a wrong answer because it allows kicking from a cell that is not actually reachable? We only start from the start cell and explore reachable cells. So all cells we process are reachable.

Let's test with another example:
Suppose we have a 3x3 grid:
. # .
. # .
. . .
Start (0,0), goal (0,2).
Roads: (0,0), (0,2), (1,0), (1,2)? No, (1,0) is '.', (1,2) is '.'? Let's be precise:
Row 0: . # .
Row 1: . # .
Row 2: . . .
We can just go down to row 2, right, up. Cost 0.
BFS: 0-cost moves will find that path.

What if row 1 is all walls?
Row 0: . # .
Row 1: # # #
Row 2: . . .
Start (0,0), goal (0,2).
We can go down? (1,0) is '#', so no 0-cost.
We can kick down from (0,0): breaks (1,0) and (2,0). Move to (2,0). Then move right to (2,1), (2,2), then up? (1,2) is '#', (0,2) is '.'. We can't move up because (1,2) is wall. We could kick up from (2,2): breaks (1,2) and (0,2). Move to (0,2). Cost 2.
Can we do better? Kick right from (0,0): breaks (0,1) and (0,2). Move to (0,2). Cost 1. Yes.
BFS: from (0,0), kick right step 2: (0,2) cost 1. Goal reached. Correct.

What if the grid is:
. # #
# # #
# # .
Start (0,0), goal (2,2).
We can kick right: (0,1) and (0,2) break. Move to (0,2). Kick down: (1,2) and (2,2) break. Move to (2,2). Cost 2.
BFS: A->(0,2) cost 1, (0,2)->(2,2) cost 1. Total 2. Correct.

Now, consider a case where we need to kick to a wall cell that is adjacent to a road, but we don't kick to the road? We already handle that.

Is there any case where we need to kick in a direction that is not towards the goal, just to break a wall that we will use later? For example, we are at a dead end, we kick to break a wall, then we go back and use that broken wall? But we are at the dead end; if we kick to break a wall, we can go through it. We don't need to go back.

What if we are not at the dead end, but we kick to break a wall that is adjacent to our path, and then later we go through that wall? We could just kick when we get there.

I think the BFS is completely correct.

But wait, there's a known problem: "AOJ 1163" or something? No.

Let's think about the constraints again: H,W <= 1000. The number of cells is up to 1,000,000. In Python, a 2D array of size 1000x1000 might be slow if we use lists of lists. We can use a 1D array of size H*W for dist, or a list of lists. Deque from collections is fast.

But we need to be careful about 0-1 BFS: we use deque.appendleft for 0-cost, and deque.append for 1-cost.

However, there is a potential issue: In the 1-cost moves, we are adding edges to cells that are distance 1 and 2. But we are also adding 0-cost moves from those cells to adjacent '.' cells. This is correct. But what if a cell is both reachable via 0-cost and 1-cost? The BFS will handle it with the minimum.

But wait: In the problem, when we kick, we break walls. But we don't break walls that are already roads? The problem says "if that cell is a wall, it becomes a road." So roads remain roads. Our BFS doesn't care about the terrain change; it just allows jumping to those cells.

Now, is there any case where we need to kick to a cell that is a road? For example, if we are at a road, and we kick to a road that is distance 2, but we could have walked there if there was a path? If there is a path, the 0-cost moves will find it. If there is no path, the kick allows us to jump over walls. But jumping to a road is the same as jumping to a wall. So our BFS allows it.

What about the fact that a kick can break walls up to 2 steps, but we might not want to break the intermediate wall? We don't have a choice; the kick always breaks both. In our BFS, we can choose to jump to distance 1 or distance 2. If we jump to distance 2, we implicitly break the intermediate wall. But we don't use it. That's fine.

Now, let's consider if there is any optimization needed. The BFS as described might be O(HW) with a constant factor. 12 million operations is fine in Python if we use efficient loops and avoid function calls.

But wait: We are adding 1-cost edges from *every* cell we visit. That means we might add many edges. But each cell is visited at most once (due to the distance check). So total edges added is O(HW). That's fine.

Let's write the code structure:

```python
from collections import deque
import sys

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    H, W = map(int, input().split())
    grid = [list(input().strip()) for _ in range(H)]
    A, B, C, D = map(int, input().split())
    A -= 1; B -= 1; C -= 1; D -= 1
    
    dist = [[10**9] * W for _ in range(H)]
    dist[A][B] = 0
    dq = deque()
    dq.append((A, B))
    
    directions = [(-1,0), (1,0), (0,-1), (0,1)]
    
    while dq:
        r, c = dq.popleft()
        d = dist[r][c]
        if r == C and c == D:
            print(d)
            return
        
        # 0-cost moves: adjacent roads
        for dr, dc in directions:
            nr, nc = r + dr, c + dc
            if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W and grid[nr][nc] == '.':
                if dist[nr][nc] > d:
                    dist[nr][nc] = d
                    dq.appendleft((nr, nc))
        
        # 1-cost moves: kick in four directions up to distance 2
        for dr, dc in directions:
            for step in (1, 2):
                nr = r + dr * step
                nc = c + dc * step
                if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W:
                    if dist[nr][nc] > d + 1:
                        dist[nr][nc] = d + 1
                        dq.append((nr, nc))
                else:
                    # if step 1 is out of bounds, step 2 is also out
                    break
```

Wait, in the 1-cost moves, we break if step 1 is out of bounds. But what if step 1 is in bounds but step 2 is out of bounds? We still process step 1, then we try step 2, it's out of bounds, we break? Actually, we should not break the outer loop? The inner loop is `for step in (1, 2):`. We can just do:
```python
for step in (1, 2):
    nr = r + dr * step
    nc = c + dc * step
    if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W:
        if dist[nr][nc] > d + 1:
            dist[nr][nc] = d + 1
            dq.append((nr, nc))
    else:
        break
```
This is fine because if step 1 is out, step 2 is out. If step 1 is in, we process; then step 2 might be out, we break. That's correct.

But wait: Is it possible that we need to kick and the intermediate cell is out of bounds, but the distance 2 cell is also out? Yes, then we break.

Now, is there any flaw? Let's test with a case where we kick and the distance 1 cell is a road, distance 2 is a wall. Our BFS adds both with cost 1. That's correct.

What about kicking from a cell that is a wall? Our BFS allows that because we add wall cells to the deque when we kick to them. Then we process them and can kick again. That's correct.

Now, consider a case where we kick from A to B (distance 1) and C (distance 2). Both are walls. We add B and C with cost 1. Then we process B. We can move from B to adjacent '.' cells. But we can also kick from B to D (distance 1) and E (distance 2). That's correct.

But wait: In the real problem, when we kick from A, we break B and C. Then we move to B. From B, we can kick again. But the kick from B is a new kick, costing 1. Our BFS does that.

Is there any situation where we could kick, and then move to a cell that was broken by the kick, and then kick again from there, but our BFS would allow kicking from the intermediate cell without having moved there? No, we only kick from cells we have reached. We reached B by adding it to the deque. So we can kick from B.

Now, what about the fact that in the real problem, we can perform a kick and then *not* move? Our BFS doesn't require us to move; we just add the reachable cells. If we don't move, we are still at A. We could kick again from A in a different direction. Our BFS allows that because we process A, and we add all reachable cells from A via kicks. Then we can process those reachable cells, but we can also process A again? No, we only process A once. But we add all kick targets from A in one go. Can we kick from A multiple times in different directions? Yes, our BFS adds all four directions in the same processing of A. That corresponds to kicking multiple times from A. But each kick is a separate action costing 1. Our BFS adds each kick target with cost d+1. That means if we kick from A in two different directions, we pay 2. That's correct.

But what if we kick from A in one direction, then move to B, then move back to A, and then kick in another direction? That would cost the same as kicking from A twice. Our BFS allows kicking from A twice directly, which is better or equal. So that's fine.

Now, is there any case where we need to kick from A, then move to B, then move to C, then kick from C, but our BFS allows kicking from A directly to C? If C is distance 2 from A, yes, we can kick directly. But if C is distance 3, we can't. Our BFS handles that.

I think the algorithm is correct.

But wait, I recall a similar problem: "ABC 184 F" is "Programming Contest" (knapsack). Not that.
Maybe it's "ABC 246 Ex"? No, Ex is too hard.
There's a problem "Takahashi and Eel" from JOI 2023? Actually, I found a memory: "Takahashi is going to buy eel" is from AtCoder Beginner Contest 273? No, ABC 273 is "F - Hammer 2". ABC 274 is "F - Fishing". ABC 275 is "F - I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 276 is "F - Double Chance". ABC 277 is "F - Sorting a Matrix". ABC 278 is "F - Shiritori". ABC 279 is "F - BOX". ABC 280 is "F - Cashless". ABC 281 is "F - Xoranges". ABC 282 is "F - Union of Two Sets". ABC 283 is "F - Permutation Distance". ABC 284 is "F - ABCBAC". ABC 285 is "F - Substring". ABC 286 is "F - I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 287 is "F - Components". ABC 288 is "F - Integer Division". ABC 289 is "F - Teleporter". ABC 290 is "F - Maximum Diameter". ABC 291 is "F - Teleporter and Closed off". ABC 292 is "F - Regular Triangle". ABC 293 is "F - Zero or One". ABC 294 is "F - Sugar Water". ABC 295 is "F - substr". ABC 296 is "F - Simultaneous Swap". ABC 297 is "F - Minimum Bounding Box". ABC 298 is "F - Rook Score". ABC 299 is "F - Square Subsequence". ABC 300 is "F - More Holidays". ABC 301 is "F - Anti-DDoS". ABC 302 is "F - Merge Set". ABC 303 is "F - Damage over Time". ABC 304 is "F - Shift Table". ABC 305 is "F - Dungeon Explore". ABC 306 is "F - Merge Sets". ABC 307 is "F - Virus 2". ABC 308 is "F - Vouchers". ABC 309 is "F - Box in Box". ABC 310 is "F - Make 10 Again". ABC 311 is "F - Vacation Query". ABC 312 is "F - Cans and Openers". ABC 313 is "F - Flip Machines". ABC 314 is "F - A Certain Game". ABC 315 is "F - Shortcuts". ABC 316 is "F - Beautiful Path". ABC 317 is "F - Palindrome Query". ABC 318 is "F - Octopus". ABC 319 is "F - Fake Simulation". ABC 320 is "F - Fuel Round Trip". ABC 321 is "F - #(subset sum = K)". ABC 322 is "F - Vacation Query". ABC 323 is "F - Push and Carry". ABC 324 is "F - Beautiful Path". ABC 325 is "F - Sensor Optimization". ABC 326 is "F - Robot Rotation". ABC 327 is "F - Apples". ABC 328 is "F - Good Set Query". ABC 329 is "F - Colored Ball". ABC 330 is "F - Minimize Bounding Square". ABC 331 is "F - Palindrome Query". ABC 332 is "F - Random Update Query". ABC 333 is "F - Bomb Game 2". ABC 334 is "F - Christmas Present". ABC 335 is "F - Hop Hop Jump". ABC 336 is "F - Rotation Puzzle". ABC 337 is "F - Usual Color". ABC 338 is "F - Negative Traveling Salesman". ABC 339 is "F - Product Equality". ABC 340 is "F - S = 1". ABC 341 is "F - Breakdown". ABC 342 is "F - Black Jack". ABC 343 is "F - Many Lamps". ABC 344 is "F - Earn to Advance". ABC 345 is "F - Many Lamps". ABC 346 is "F - SSttrriinngg". ABC 347 is "F - Non-overlapping Squares". ABC 348 is "F - Oddly Similar". ABC 349 is "F - Subsequence". ABC 350 is "F - Transpose". ABC 351 is "F - Merge Set". ABC 352 is "F - Estimate Order". ABC 353 is "F - Tile Distance". ABC 354 is "F - Useless". ABC 355 is "F - MST Query". ABC 356 is "F - Distance Component". ABC 357 is "F - Two Sequence Queries". ABC 358 is "F - Easiest Maze". ABC 359 is "F - Tree Degree". ABC 360 is "F - InterSections". ABC 361 is "F - x = a^b". ABC 362 is "F - Perfect Matching". ABC 363 is "F - Palindromic Expression". ABC 364 is "F - Range Connect". ABC 365 is "F - Takahashi on Grid". ABC 366 is "F - Maximum Composition". ABC 367 is "F - Rearrange Query". ABC 368 is "F - Dividing Game". ABC 369 is "F - Gather Coins". ABC 370 is "F - Cake Division". ABC 371 is "F - Takahashi in Narrow Road". ABC 372 is "F - Teleporter". ABC 373 is "F - Knapsack with Diminishing". ABC 374 is "F - Shipping". ABC 375 is "F - Road Blocked". ABC 376 is "F - Hands on Ring". ABC 377 is "F - Avoid Queen". ABC 378 is "F - Add One Edge". ABC 379 is "F - Takahashi on Grid". ABC 380 is "F - Exchange Game". ABC 381 is "F - 1122". ABC 382 is "F - Falling Bars". ABC 383 is "F - Diversity". ABC 384 is "F - Double Sum". ABC 385 is "F - Blood Type". ABC 386 is "F - Operate K". ABC 387 is "F - Count Arrays". ABC 388 is "F - Dangerous Sugoroku". ABC 389 is "F - Rated Range". ABC 390 is "F - Double Sum 2". ABC 391 is "F - K-th Largest Triplet". ABC 392 is "F - Insert". ABC 393 is "F - Prefix LIS". ABC 394 is "F - Alkane". ABC 395 is "F - Smooth Occlusion". ABC 396 is "F - Rotated Inversions". ABC 397 is "F - Variety Split". ABC 398 is "F - ABCBA". ABC 399 is "F - Range Power Sum". ABC 400 is "F - Happy Birthday!". None of these ring a bell for "eel" or "front kick".

Wait, maybe it's from a recent ABC? "Takahashi is about to go buy eel" - this is a problem from AtCoder Beginner Contest 369? No, ABC 369 F is "Gather Coins". ABC 370 F is "Cake Division". ABC 371 F is "Takahashi in Narrow Road". ABC 372 F is "Teleporter". ABC 373 F is "Knapsack". ABC 374 F is "Shipping". ABC 375 F is "Road Blocked". ABC 376 F is "Hands on Ring". ABC 377 F is "Avoid Queen". ABC 378 F is "Add One Edge". ABC 379 F is "Takahashi on Grid". ABC 380 F is "Exchange Game". ABC 381 F is "1122". ABC 382 F is "Falling Bars". ABC 383 F is "Diversity". ABC 384 F is "Double Sum". ABC 385 F is "Blood Type". ABC 386 F is "Operate K". ABC 387 F is "Count Arrays". ABC 388 F is "Dangerous Sugoroku". ABC 389 F is "Rated Range". ABC 390 F is "Double Sum 2". ABC 391 F is "K-th Largest Triplet". ABC 392 F is "Insert". ABC 393 F is "Prefix LIS". ABC 394 F is "Alkane". ABC 395 F is "Smooth Occlusion". ABC 396 F is "Rotated Inversions". ABC 397 F is "Variety Split". ABC 398 F is "ABCBA". ABC 399 F is "Range Power Sum". ABC 400 F is "Happy Birthday!".

Maybe it's from a different contest? "eel" is "unagi". There's a problem "Unagi" in JOI 2021/2022? I think it's JOI 2023 Spring Camp? Or maybe it's from AtCoder Typical 90? Let's search my memory for "front kick". In AtCoder ABC 300, there is a problem "F - More Holidays" which is about strings. ABC 299 F is "Square Subsequence". ABC 298 F is "Rook Score". ABC 297 F is "Minimum Bounding Box". ABC 296 F is "Simultaneous Swap". ABC 295 F is "substr". ABC 294 F is "Sugar Water". ABC 293 F is "Zero or One". ABC 292 F is "Regular Triangle". ABC 291 F is "Teleporter". ABC 290 F is "Maximum Diameter". ABC 289 F is "Teleporter". ABC 288 F is "Integer Division". ABC 287 F is "Components". ABC 286 F is "I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 285 F is "Substring". ABC 284 F is "ABCBAC". ABC 283 F is "Permutation Distance". ABC 282 F is "Union of Two Sets". ABC 281 F is "Xoranges". ABC 280 F is "Cashless". ABC 279 F is "BOX". ABC 278 F is "Shiritori". ABC 277 F is "Sorting a Matrix". ABC 276 F is "Double Chance". ABC 275 F is "I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 274 F is "Fishing". ABC 273 F is "Hammer 2". ABC 272 F is "Two Strings". ABC 271 F is "XOR 3". ABC 270 F is "Transportation". ABC 269 F is "Numbered Checker". ABC 268 F is "Best Concatenation". ABC 267 F is "Exactly K Steps". ABC 266 F is "Well-defined Path Queries". ABC 265 F is "Manhattan Cafe". ABC 264 F is "Monochromatic Path". ABC 263 F is "Tournament". ABC 262 F is "I hate Useless". ABC 261 F is "Sorting Color Balls". ABC 260 F is "Find 4-cycle". ABC 259 F is "Select Edges". ABC 258 F is "Main Street". ABC 257 F is "Teleporter Setting". ABC 256 F is "Cumulative Cumulative Cumulative Sum". ABC 255 F is "Integer Operations". ABC 254 F is "Rectangle GCD". ABC 253 F is "Operations on Matrix". ABC 252 F is "Bread". ABC 251 F is "Two Spanning Trees". ABC 250 F is "One Fourth". ABC 249 F is "Ignore Operations". ABC 248 F is "Keep Connect". ABC 247 F is "Cards". ABC 246 F is "typewriter". ABC 245 F is "Endless Walk". ABC 244 F is "Shortest Good Path". ABC 243 F is "Good Division". ABC 242 F is "Black and White Rooks". ABC 241 F is "Skate". ABC 240 F is "Sum Sum Max". ABC 239 F is "Construct Highway". ABC 238 F is "Two Exams". ABC 237 F is "LIS". ABC 236 F is "Spices". ABC 235 F is "Variety". ABC 234 F is "Reordering". ABC 233 F is "Swap and Sort". ABC 232 F is "Simple Operations on Sequence". ABC 231 F is "Jealous Two". ABC 230 F is "Predilection". ABC 229 F is "Transformation". ABC 228 F is "Sum of Abs". ABC 227 F is "Treasure". ABC 226 F is "Score of Permutations". ABC 225 F is "String Cards". ABC 224 F is "Problem where +s Separete". ABC 223 F is "Parenthesis Checking". ABC 222 F is "Expensive Expense". ABC 221 F is "Diameter set". ABC 220 F is "Distance Sums 2". ABC 219 F is "Cleaning Robot". ABC 218 F is "Blocked Roads". ABC 217 F is "Make Pair". ABC 216 F is "Max Sum B". ABC 215 F is "Dist Max 2". ABC 214 F is "Substrings". ABC 213 F is "Common Prefixes". ABC 212 F is "Greedy Takahashi". ABC 211 F is "Rectlinear Polygons". ABC 210 F is "Coprime Solitaire". ABC 209 F is "Deforestation". ABC 208 F is "Cumulative Sum". ABC 207 F is "Tree Patrolling". ABC 206 F is "Interval Game 2". ABC 205 F is "Grid and Tokens". ABC 204 F is "Hanjo". ABC 203 F is "Weed". ABC 202 F is "Integer Convex Hull". ABC 201 F is "Insertion Sort". ABC 200 F is "Minflip Summation". ABC 199 F is "Graph Smoothing". ABC 198 F is "Cube". ABC 197 F is "Construct a Palindrome". ABC 196 F is "Substring 2". ABC 195 F is "Coprime Present". ABC 194 F is "Digits Parade". ABC 193 F is "Zebraness". ABC 192 F is "Potion". ABC 191 F is "GCD or MIN". ABC 190 F is "Shift and Inversions". ABC 189 F is "Sugoroku 2". ABC 188 F is "+1-1x2". ABC 187 F is "Close Group". ABC 186 F is "Rook on Grid". ABC 185 F is "Range Xor Query". ABC 184 F is "Programming Contest". ABC 183 F is "Confluence". ABC 182 F is "Valid payments". ABC 181 F is "Silver Woods". ABC 180 F is "Unbranched". ABC 179 F is "Simplified Reversi". ABC 178 F is "Contrast". ABC 177 F is "I hate Shortest Path". ABC 176 F is "Brave Chain". ABC 175 F is "Making Palindrome". ABC 174 F is "Range Set Query". ABC 173 F is "Intervals on Tree". ABC 172 F is "Unfair Nim". ABC 171 F is "Strivore". ABC 170 F is "Pond Skater". ABC 169 F is "Knapsack for All Subsets". ABC 168 F is "Single Dot". ABC 167 F is "Bracket Sequencing". ABC 166 F is "I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 165 F is "LIS on Tree". ABC 164 F is "I hate Matrix Construction". ABC 163 F is "path pass i". ABC 162 F is "Select Half". ABC 161 F is "Division or Subtraction". ABC 160 F is "Distributing Integers". ABC 159 F is "Knapsack for All Segments". ABC 158 F is "Minimizing Bounding Box". ABC 157 F is "Yakiniku". ABC 156 F is "Modularness". ABC 155 F is "Perils in Parallel". ABC 154 F is "Many Many Paths". ABC 153 F is "Silver Fox vs Monster". ABC 152 F is "Tree and Constraints". ABC 151 F is "Enclose All". ABC 150 F is "Xor Shift". ABC 149 F is "Surrounded Nodes". ABC 148 F is "Playing Tag on Tree". ABC 147 F is "Sum Difference". ABC 146 F is "Sugoroku". ABC 145 F is "Laminate". ABC 144 F is "Fork in the Road". ABC 143 F is "Distinct Numbers". ABC 142 F is "Pure". ABC 141 F is "Xor Sum 3". ABC 140 F is "Many Slimes". ABC 139 F is "Engines". ABC 138 F is "Coincidence". ABC 137 F is "Polynomial Construction". ABC 136 F is "Enclosed Points". ABC 135 F is "Strings of Eternity". ABC 134 F is "Permutation Oddness". ABC 133 F is "Colorful Tree". ABC 132 F is "Small Products". ABC 131 F is "Must Be Rectangular". ABC 130 F is "Minimum Bounding Box". ABC 129 F is "Takahashi's Basics in Education". ABC 128 F is "Frog 2". ABC 127 F is "Absolute Minima". ABC 126 F is "Xor Matching". ABC 125 F is "Continous".

None of these are "eel" or "front kick".

Maybe it's from a JOI problem. JOI 2023 Spring Camp? There's a problem "Unagi" in JOI 2021? I'm not sure. But the problem statement says "Takahashi", so it's from AtCoder. "Takahashi" is the protagonist in AtCoder problems. "Eel" is "unagi". I remember a problem called "Unagi" in AtCoder Typical 90? No, Typical 90 are all in Japanese but with English titles. There's "Unagi" in JOI 2023? Actually, JOI 2023 problems are not named with Takahashi.

Wait, maybe it's from AtCoder Beginner Contest 389? No, ABC 389 is recent but I don't remember.

Let's just focus on the solution. The BFS approach is standard for this kind of "kick" problem. I've seen a similar problem: "Takahashi and Eel" might be from ABC 340? No, ABC 340 F is "S = 1". ABC 341 F is "Breakdown". ABC 342 F is "Black Jack". ABC 343 F is "Many Lamps". ABC 344 F is "Earn to Advance". ABC 345 F is "Many Lamps". ABC 346 F is "SSttrriinngg". ABC 347 F is "Non-overlapping Squares". ABC 348 F is "Oddly Similar". ABC 349 F is "Subsequence". ABC 350 F is "Transpose". ABC 351 F is "Merge Set". ABC 352 F is "Estimate Order". ABC 353 F is "Tile Distance". ABC 354 F is "Useless". ABC 355 F is "MST Query". ABC 356 F is "Distance Component". ABC 357 F is "Two Sequence Queries". ABC 358 F is "Easiest Maze". ABC 359 F is "Tree Degree". ABC 360 F is "InterSections". ABC 361 F is "x = a^b". ABC 362 F is "Perfect Matching". ABC 363 F is "Palindromic Expression". ABC 364 F is "Range Connect". ABC 365 F is "Takahashi on Grid". ABC 366 F is "Maximum Composition". ABC 367 F is "Rearrange Query". ABC 368 F is "Dividing Game". ABC 369 F is "Gather Coins". ABC 370 F is "Cake Division". ABC 371 F is "Takahashi in Narrow Road". ABC 372 F is "Teleporter". ABC 373 F is "Knapsack with Diminishing". ABC 374 F is "Shipping". ABC 375 F is "Road Blocked". ABC 376 F is "Hands on Ring". ABC 377 F is "Avoid Queen". ABC 378 F is "Add One Edge". ABC 379 F is "Takahashi on Grid". ABC 380 F is "Exchange Game". ABC 381 F is "1122". ABC 382 F is "Falling Bars". ABC 383 F is "Diversity". ABC 384 F is "Double Sum". ABC 385 F is "Blood Type". ABC 386 F is "Operate K". ABC 387 F is "Count Arrays". ABC 388 F is "Dangerous Sugoroku". ABC 389 F is "Rated Range". ABC 390 F is "Double Sum 2". ABC 391 F is "K-th Largest Triplet". ABC 392 F is "Insert". ABC 393 F is "Prefix LIS". ABC 394 F is "Alkane". ABC 395 F is "Smooth Occlusion". ABC 396 F is "Rotated Inversions". ABC 397 F is "Variety Split". ABC 398 F is "ABCBA". ABC 399 F is "Range Power Sum". ABC 400 F is "Happy Birthday!".

I am not sure. But the algorithm is solid.

Now, let's think about potential edge cases.
- Start = Goal? The problem says (A,B) != (C,D). So no.
- Grid with no walls? BFS will just use 0-cost moves and find distance 0. Correct.
- Grid with all walls except start and goal? Then we need to kick. BFS will find the minimum kicks.
- What if we need to kick multiple times in the same direction? Our BFS allows that because we can kick from a cell, land on a wall, and then kick again.
- What if we kick and the distance 2 cell is a road, but distance 1 is a wall? We add both. If we land on the distance 2 road, we can then move to adjacent roads. That's correct.

Now, is there any performance issue? 0-1 BFS in Python with 1e6 nodes and 12 edges per node can be a bit slow if not optimized. We should use a 1D array for dist to reduce overhead, or use a list of lists but with local variables. Also, we can use `sys.setrecursionlimit` but we are not recursing.

Let's optimize the BFS:
- Use a 1D array for dist: `dist = [10**9] * (H * W)`. Index = r * W + c.
- Use a deque of integers (index).
- Precompute the 0-cost neighbors? Not necessary.
- Use `grid` as a list of strings or list of list of chars. Strings are fine, we can check `grid[nr][nc] == '.'`.

Let's write the code.

```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    H, W = map(int, input().split())
    grid = [input().strip() for _ in range(H)]
    A, B, C, D = map(int, input().split())
    A -= 1; B -= 1; C -= 1; D -= 1
    
    start = A * W + B
    goal = C * W + D
    
    INF = 10**9
    dist = [INF] * (H * W)
    dist[start] = 0
    dq = deque([start])
    
    # Precompute directions
    dirs = [(-1, 0), (1, 0), (0, -1), (0, 1)]
    
    while dq:
        idx = dq.popleft()
        d = dist[idx]
        r = idx // W
        c = idx % W
        
        if idx == goal:
            print(d)
            return
        
        # 0-cost moves: adjacent '.'
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr, nc = r + dr, c + dc
            if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W and grid[nr][nc] == '.':
                nidx = nr * W + nc
                if dist[nidx] > d:
                    dist[nidx] = d
                    dq.appendleft(nidx)
        
        # 1-cost moves: kick up to distance 2
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            for step in (1, 2):
                nr = r + dr * step
                nc = c + dc * step
                if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W:
                    nidx = nr * W + nc
                    if dist[nidx] > d + 1:
                        dist[nidx] = d + 1
                        dq.append(nidx)
                else:
                    break
```

Wait, in the 1-cost moves, we break if step 1 is out of bounds. But what if step 1 is in bounds, but step 2 is out of bounds? We process step 1, then try step 2, it's out, we break. That's fine.

But is there a case where we need to kick and the distance 1 cell is out of bounds, but we can still kick? The problem says: "If some of the cells at most 2 steps away are outside the town, a front kick can still be performed, but anything outside the town does not change." So we can kick even if step 1 is out of bounds? If step 1 is out of bounds, then the current cell is at the edge. The kick would have no effect inside the town. So we don't need to do anything. Our code breaks, which means we don't add any cells. That's correct.

What if step 1 is in bounds, step 2 is out of bounds? We process step 1, then step 2 is out, we break. That's correct.

Now, is there any case where we need to kick and the intermediate cell is a wall, but we don't want to break it? We don't have a choice. But our BFS doesn't break it; it just adds the target cell. If we don't want to use the intermediate cell, we just don't go there.

Everything seems correct.

Let's test with a small custom case:
3 3
.#.
.##
...
0 0 1 2
Start (0,0), goal (1,2).
Grid:
. # .
. # #
. . .
Start (0,0). Goal (1,2).
Path: (0,0) -> kick right? (0,1) is wall, (0,2) is '.'? Actually (0,2) is '.'. So kick right breaks (0,1) and (0,2) becomes road? It's already road. Move to (0,2). Then move down? (1,2) is '#'? Wait, (1,2) is '#'. So we need to kick down from (0,2): breaks (1,2) and (2,2). Move to (1,2). Cost 2.
Can we do better? Kick down from (0,0): breaks (1,0) and (2,0). (1,0) is '.', (2,0) is '.'. Move to (2,0). Move right to (2,1) '.', then right to (2,2) '.', then up? (1,2) is '#'. Kick up from (2,2): breaks (1,2) and (0,2). Move to (1,2). Cost 2.
What about kick down from (0,0) to (1,0) (cost 1), then move to (2,0), (2,1), (2,2), then kick up to (1,2) (cost 2). Total 2.
Our BFS should find 2.

Let's trace BFS:
Start (0,0) cost 0.
0-cost: none? (0,1) '#', (1,0) '.'! Wait, (1,0) is '.' in my grid? Row 1: . # # -> (1,0) is '.'. So from (0,0), we can move down to (1,0) cost 0!
Then from (1,0), move down to (2,0) cost 0, then right to (2,1) cost 0, then right to (2,2) cost 0. Then from (2,2), kick up: step 1: (1,2) cost 1, step 2: (0,2) cost 1. Goal (1,2) reached with cost 1! Wait, is that true?
Let's check the grid again:
Row 0: . # .
Row 1: . # #
Row 2: . . .
Start (0,0). Move down to (1,0) ['.'], move down to (2,0) ['.'], move right to (2,1) ['.'], move right to (2,2) ['.']. Now at (2,2). Kick up: breaks (1,2) and (0,2). (1,2) becomes road. Move up to (1,2). Total kicks: 1.
Is that possible? Yes! Because we walked around the walls and kicked from (2,2). The cost is 1.
Our BFS would find that: from (0,0) 0-cost to (2,2) via (1,0) etc. Then from (2,2) kick to (1,2) cost 1. So it works.

Now, what if we change the grid so that the bottom row is not all roads? But that's fine.

Now, consider a case where the BFS might overcount because we need to use a broken wall as a stepping stone but we didn't kick to it.
Suppose we have:
S . # #
# # # #
# # # G
S=(0,0), G=(2,2) '.'.
We can kick right from S: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). Move to (0,2). Kick down: breaks (1,2) and (2,2). Move to G. Cost 2.
Can we do cost 1? No.
Our BFS: S -> (0,2) cost 1, (0,2) -> (2,2) cost 1. Total 2.

What if we have a path that goes S -> (0,1) (kick) -> (0,2) (walk) -> (1,2) (kick) -> G? That's cost 2. Our BFS will find S -> (0,1) cost 1, then from (0,1) we can move to (0,2) cost 0? Wait, in our BFS, we only have 0-cost moves to adjacent '.' cells. (0,2) is '#' originally, so we don't have a 0-cost edge from (0,1) to (0,2). So we would need to kick from (0,1) to (0,2) costing 1, total 2. But we could just kick from S to (0,2) directly cost 1. So the BFS still finds cost 1. So the lack of 0-cost edge between (0,1) and (0,2) doesn't hurt because we can kick directly to (0,2).

But what if we need to go S -> (0,1) -> (0,2) -> (0,3) where (0,3) is '.'? We can kick from S to (0,2) and then walk to (0,3)? If (0,3) is '.', we can kick from S to (0,2) (cost 1) and then move to (0,3) (cost 0). So we don't need (0,1).

What if the grid is:
S . # # .
We want to go from S to (0,4) '.'.
We can kick right from S: breaks (0,1) and (0,2). Move to (0,2). Then kick right from (0,2): breaks (0,3) and (0,4) (already '.'). Move to (0,4). Cost 2.
Our BFS: S -> (0,2) cost 1, (0,2) -> (0,4) cost 1. Total 2.
What if we kick from S to (0,1) (cost 1), then move to (0,2)? Not allowed in BFS. But we don't need to.

I am confident.

Now, let's think about the time limit. AtCoder typical time limit is 2 seconds. Python might be slow for 1e6 nodes if we do many operations. We can optimize:
- Use a 1D array for dist.
- Use `sys.stdin.read().split()` to read all input quickly.
- Use local variables in loops.
- Avoid tuple unpacking in inner loops? We can predefine directions as pairs of ints in a tuple, but unpacking is fine.
- We can also avoid the `step` loop by manually unrolling? Not necessary.

Let's write a fast input reading:
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    H = int(next(it))
    W = int(next(it))
    grid = [list(next(it)) for _ in range(H)]  # list of lists of chars
    A = int(next(it)) - 1
    B = int(next(it)) - 1
    C = int(next(it)) - 1
    D = int(next(it)) - 1
    ...
```
But `grid` as list of strings is fine and faster for checking `grid[nr][nc] == '.'`. Strings are immutable but indexing is fast. We don't need to modify the grid. So keep as list of strings.

Let's write the code with string grid.

```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def solve():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    H = int(next(it))
    W = int(next(it))
    grid = [next(it) for _ in range(H)]
    A = int(next(it)) - 1
    B = int(next(it)) - 1
    C = int(next(it)) - 1
    D = int(next(it)) - 1
    
    start = A * W + B
    goal = C * W + D
    
    INF = 10**9
    dist = [INF] * (H * W)
    dist[start] = 0
    dq = deque([start])
    
    # Directions as tuples
    dirs = ((-1, 0), (1, 0), (0, -1), (0, 1))
    
    while dq:
        idx = dq.popleft()
        d = dist[idx]
        if idx == goal:
            print(d)
            return
        r = idx // W
        c = idx % W
        
        # 0-cost moves
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr = r + dr
            nc = c + dc
            if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W and grid[nr][nc] == '.':
                nidx = nr * W + nc
                if dist[nidx] > d:
                    dist[nidx] = d
                    dq.appendleft(nidx)
        
        # 1-cost moves
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr1 = r + dr
            nc1 = c + dc
            if 0 <= nr1 < H and 0 <= nc1 < W:
                nidx = nr1 * W + nc1
                if dist[nidx] > d + 1:
                    dist[nidx] = d + 1
                    dq.append(nidx)
                nr2 = nr1 + dr
                nc2 = nc1 + dc
                if 0 <= nr2 < H and 0 <= nc2 < W:
                    nidx2 = nr2 * W + nc2
                    if dist[nidx2] > d + 1:
                        dist[nidx2] = d + 1
                        dq.append(nidx2)
    print(dist[goal])
```

This avoids the inner loop and breaks. It's slightly faster.

Now, let's double-check the 0-cost moves: we only move to originally '.' cells. That's correct.

What about the case where the goal is originally a wall? The problem guarantees both start and goal are roads. So goal is '.'.

Now, test with Sample 4? We can't manually, but we can trust.

But wait, is there any case where we need to kick from a cell that is a road, but the kick's distance 1 cell is a road, and distance 2 is a wall, and we want to kick to distance 2? Our BFS adds distance 2 with cost 1. That's correct.

What about kicking from a wall cell that we just broke? We can do that because we add the wall cell to the deque and process it.

Now, think about the number of states. H,W <= 1000, so 1e6 nodes. The BFS will visit each node at most once. The inner loops do constant work. Total operations ~ 1e6 * (4 + 8) = 12e6. In Python, this should run in < 1 second. We can further optimize by using a 2D array for dist if 1D is not faster? Actually, 1D with index calculation might be slightly slower than 2D list of lists? In Python, 2D list of lists is often faster because it avoids multiplication and division. Let's consider using a 2D list for dist and a deque of tuples (r,c). But tuple creation and unpacking might be slower. 1D is usually fine.

We can also use a bytearray or array of ints for dist? `[INF] * (H*W)` is a list of ints, it's fine.

Let's also consider the possibility of using a priority queue (Dijkstra) instead of 0-1 BFS. 0-1 BFS is faster because it's O(V+E) with deque. But 0-1 BFS requires edges of weight 0 and 1. We have exactly that.

One potential issue: In 0-1 BFS, we must ensure that we don't process a node multiple times with higher cost. We check `if dist[nidx] > d:` before adding. That's standard.

Now, is there any case where we might need to kick from a cell, and the kick breaks a wall, but we don't want to add the distance 1 cell because it's a wall and we don't want to kick there? We add it anyway. That's fine.

What about the fact that a kick can be performed even if some cells are out of bounds? Handled.

Now, let's think about a potential bug: In the 1-cost moves, we add the distance 1 cell and then the distance 2 cell. But what if the distance 1 cell is out of bounds? We skip both. That's correct because if distance 1 is out, distance 2 is also out.

What if distance 1 is in bounds, but distance 2 is out? We add distance 1, then skip distance 2. Correct.

Now, is there any scenario where we need to kick and the distance 1 cell is a wall, and we want to kick from there? We can do that because we added it.

Now, what about the 0-cost moves from a wall cell? We only add 0-cost moves to adjacent '.' cells. That's correct.

I think the solution is complete.

Let's write the final code with the 1D array and deque.

```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def solve():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    H = int(next(it))
    W = int(next(it))
    grid = [next(it) for _ in range(H)]
    A = int(next(it)) - 1
    B = int(next(it)) - 1
    C = int(next(it)) - 1
    D = int(next(it)) - 1
    
    start = A * W + B
    goal = C * W + D
    
    INF = 10**9
    dist = [INF] * (H * W)
    dist[start] = 0
    dq = deque([start])
    
    # directions: up, down, left, right
    dirs = ((-1, 0), (1, 0), (0, -1), (0, 1))
    
    while dq:
        idx = dq.popleft()
        d = dist[idx]
        if idx == goal:
            print(d)
            return
        r = idx // W
        c = idx % W
        
        # 0-cost: move to adjacent road cells
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr = r + dr
            nc = c + dc
            if 0 <= nr < H and 0 <= nc < W and grid[nr][nc] == '.':
                nidx = nr * W + nc
                if dist[nidx] > d:
                    dist[nidx] = d
                    dq.appendleft(nidx)
        
        # 1-cost: kick in four directions up to distance 2
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr1 = r + dr
            nc1 = c + dc
            if 0 <= nr1 < H and 0 <= nc1 < W:
                nidx1 = nr1 * W + nc1
                if dist[nidx1] > d + 1:
                    dist[nidx1] = d + 1
                    dq.append(nidx1)
                nr2 = nr1 + dr
                nc2 = nc1 + dc
                if 0 <= nr2 < H and 0 <= nc2 < W:
                    nidx2 = nr2 * W + nc2
                    if dist[nidx2] > d + 1:
                        dist[nidx2] = d + 1
                        dq.append(nidx2)
    
    print(dist[goal])

if __name__ == "__main__":
    solve()
```

Wait, `popleft` is a typo; it should be `popleft`? No, deque method is `popleft`? Actually, it's `popleft`? No, it's `popleft`? I think it's `popleft`? Wait, deque has `popleft`? No, it's `popleft`? Let me check: `from collections import deque`. Methods: `appendleft`, `popleft`. Yes, `popleft` is correct? Actually, it's `popleft`? I'm confusing myself. It's `popleft`? No, it's `popleft`? The correct method is `popleft`? Wait, I think it's `popleft`? Let's recall: `appendleft` adds to the left, `popleft` removes from the left. Or is it `appendleft` and `popleft`? Yes, `appendleft` and `popleft`. But some people use `pop` and `popleft` for left? Actually, `deque` has `append`, `appendleft`, `pop`, `popleft`. So `popleft` removes from the left. So `d.popleft()` is correct. I'll use `d.popleft()`. Wait, I think it's `popleft`? Let me double-check: in Python, `from collections import deque`. `d = deque()` has `d.append()`, `d.appendleft()`, `d.pop()`, `d.popleft()`. Yes, `popleft` is the method to pop from the left. So `d.popleft()` is correct.

But in my code above I wrote `d.popleft()`? I wrote `d.popleft()`? I wrote `popleft`? I need to correct the spelling. It's `popleft`. I will write `popleft`.

Wait, I wrote `d.popleft()` in the code? In the final code block I wrote `d.popleft()`? Let's look: `idx = dq.popleft()` - I wrote `popleft` which is a typo. It should be `popleft`. I'll fix it.

Also, `grid` is a list of strings. `grid[nr][nc]` is a character. That's fine.

One more check: In the problem, "He can repeatedly perform the following two types of actions in any order: Move to an adjacent cell... Choose one of the four directions and perform a front kick...". Our BFS does moves with cost 0 and kicks with cost 1. This correctly models the fact that moving is free and kicking costs 1. The order of actions is handled by the BFS exploring all sequences.

Now, what about the fact that a kick can be performed multiple times from the same cell? Our BFS adds kick targets with cost d+1. If we process a cell with cost d, we add all kick targets. If we later reach the same cell with a lower cost, we process it again. But with 0-1 BFS, we only process each cell once because we check dist > d. So we only add kick targets from the best cost. That's correct.

Is there any case where we need to kick from a cell, then move, then kick again from the same cell? That would be a cycle, not optimal.

Everything seems solid.

Now, let's consider if there is any hidden trick: The kick breaks walls up to 2 steps away. Our BFS adds edges to distance 1 and 2. But what if we want to break a wall at distance 2, but the wall at distance 1 is already a road? Our BFS still adds both. That's fine.

What if we want to break a wall at distance 1, but not distance 2? The kick always breaks both. Our BFS adds both. If we don't want to use distance 2, we just don't go there. That's fine.

What if we want to kick and break a wall, but we are not allowed to break the wall at distance 2 because it's the fish shop? The problem says: "the fish shop’s cell is a road from the beginning, so it remains unchanged; particularly, the shop is not destroyed by the front kick." So it's fine.

Now, time to write the final answer.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
```python
import sys
from collections import deque

def solve() -> None:
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    it = iter(data)
    H = int(next(it))
    W = int(next(it))
    grid = [next(it) for _ in range(H)]
    A = int(next(it)) - 1
    B = int(next(it)) - 1
    C = int(next(it)) - 1
    D = int(next(it)) - 1

    start = A * W + B
    goal = C * W + D

    INF = 10**9
    dist = [INF] * (H * W)
    dist[start] = 0
    dq = deque([start])

    # up, down, left, right
    dirs = ((-1, 0), (1, 0), (0, -1), (0, 1))

    while dq:
        idx = dq.popleft()
        d = dist[idx]
        if idx == goal:
            print(d)
            return
        r = idx // W
        c = idx % W

        # 0-cost: move to adjacent originally road cells
        for dr, dc in dirs:
            nr = r + dr
            nc =