=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There are N boxes.
For i = 1, 2, \ldots, N, the i-th box contains A_i red balls and B_i blue balls.
You are also given two permutations P = (P_1, P_2, \ldots, P_N) and Q = (Q_1, Q_2, \ldots, Q_N) of (1, 2, \ldots, N).
Takahashi can repeat the following operation any number of times, possibly zero:

- Choose an integer 1 \leq i \leq N, and take all the balls from the i-th box into his hand.
- Put all the red balls in his hand into the P_i-th box.
- Put all the blue balls in his hand into the Q_i-th box.

His goal is to make a state where all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls by repeating the above operations.
Determine whether it is possible to achieve his goal, and if possible, print the minimum number of operations needed to achieve it.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N X
A_1 A_2 \ldots A_N
B_1 B_2 \ldots B_N
P_1 P_2 \ldots P_N
Q_1 Q_2 \ldots Q_N

Output

If it is impossible for Takahashi to achieve a state where all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls, print -1. If it is possible, print the minimum number of operations needed to achieve it.

Constraints


- 2 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 0 \leq A_i, B_i \leq 1
- 1 \leq P_i, Q_i \leq N
- P and Q are permutations of (1, 2, \ldots, N).
- 1 \leq X \leq N
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

5 3
0 1 0 1 0
0 0 1 0 1
4 1 2 3 5
3 4 5 2 1

Sample Output 1

4

The numbers of red and blue balls in each box are A = (0, 1, 0, 1, 0) and B = (0, 0, 1, 0, 1), respectively.
Consider the following steps:

- First, perform the operation on the 5th box. As a result, A = (0, 1, 0, 1, 0), B = (1, 0, 1, 0, 0).
- Next, perform the operation on the 2nd box. As a result, A = (1, 0, 0, 1, 0), B = (1, 0, 1, 0, 0).
- Then, perform the operation on the 1st box. As a result, A = (0, 0, 0, 2, 0), B = (0, 0, 2, 0, 0).
- Finally, perform the operation on the 4th box. As a result, A = (0, 0, 2, 0, 0), B = (0, 0, 2, 0, 0).

These four operations achieve a state where all boxes other than the X-th (3rd) box contain no balls.
This is the minimum number of operations possible.

Sample Input 2

5 3
0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
4 1 2 3 5
3 4 5 2 1

Sample Output 2

0

There are no balls in any boxes.
Thus, the state where all boxes other than the X-th (3rd) box contain no balls is already achieved, so the required number of operations is 0.

Sample Input 3

2 2
1 1
1 1
1 2
1 2

Sample Output 3

-1

There is no way to perform the operation to achieve a state where all boxes other than the X-th (2nd) box contain no balls.

Sample Input 4

10 10
0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7
7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5

Sample Output 4

8

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
Okay, we are given:
   N, X
   List A (red balls, each 0 or 1)
   List B (blue balls, each 0 or 1)
   Permutation P (for red balls)
   Permutation Q (for blue balls)

 Operation on box i:
   Take all balls from box i.
   Then, put the red balls into box P_i and the blue balls into box Q_i.

 Goal: Achieve a state where all boxes except the X-th box contain no balls.

 Note: Initially, each box i has A_i red and B_i blue. Since A_i, B_i are either 0 or 1, each box has at most 1 red and 1 blue.

 Observation:
 The operation moves the balls from box i to two different boxes: red goes to P_i, blue goes to Q_i.

 However, note that after the operation, the box i becomes empty? Actually, the operation says "take all the balls from the i-th box", so after the operation, the i-th box is empty (unless we put balls back in the same box? But note: when we put, we put into P_i and Q_i. So if P_i = i and Q_i = i, then the balls go back to the same box? But then the operation would not change anything. But the problem states: "put all the red balls in his hand into the P_i-th box" and similarly for blue. So if P_i = i, then red goes back to i, and if Q_i = i, then blue goes back to i.

 But note: the operation does not necessarily leave the box i empty: if P_i = i or Q_i = i, then that ball is put back. However, the operation description says "take all the balls from the i-th box" and then puts them elsewhere. So if P_i = i, then the red ball is put back? Then after the operation, the box i would still have the red ball? Actually, we have to interpret the operation as:

   Step 1: Remove all balls from box i (so box i becomes empty).
   Step 2: Then, for each red ball that was in the hand, put it into box P_i (which might be i, then the red ball goes back to box i).
   Step 3: Similarly, for each blue ball, put into Q_i.

 So after the operation, box i will contain:
   red ball only if P_i == i (and if originally there was a red ball) OR if some other operation put a red ball into i? Actually, no: during one operation, we are only moving the balls that were in box i. So after this operation, the box i will have the red ball if and only if P_i == i and there was a red ball? But wait: the operation moves the balls that were in box i. So if P_i == i, then the red ball is put back, otherwise it is moved. Similarly for blue.

 Therefore, the operation on box i leaves box i empty unless P_i == i (then red ball stays) or Q_i == i (then blue ball stays). Actually, if both P_i and Q_i are i, then both balls are put back? But note: if the box originally had a red and a blue, then after the operation, if P_i != i, then the red is moved, and if Q_i != i, then the blue is moved. Only if P_i = i, the red is put back, and only if Q_i = i, the blue is put back.

 However, note that the operation is defined as: take all balls from the i-th box, then put reds to P_i and blues to Q_i. So after the operation, box i is left without any balls that were taken, unless the put operation sends a ball to i. So if P_i = i, then the red ball is put back, and if Q_i = i, then the blue ball is put back.

 But note: we might have multiple balls? The problem states that each box has at most 1 red and 1 blue. So the operation on i:

   If A_i = 1 and B_i = 1:
        Then we take one red and one blue.
        Then we send red to P_i and blue to Q_i.
        So after the operation, box i is empty? Actually, no: if P_i = i, then the red ball is put back, and if Q_i = i, then the blue is put back. Therefore, box i ends up with:
            red: 1 if P_i == i, else 0
            blue: 1 if Q_i == i, else 0

   Similarly, if only red is present: then after operation, box i has red if and only if P_i == i.

   Similarly for blue.

 Therefore, the operation on box i does not necessarily empty box i.

 However, the goal is: all boxes other than the X-th box should contain no balls. So the X-th box can have any number of balls? Actually, we don't care about the X-th box? But note, the goal is "all boxes other than the X-th", meaning the X-th box might have some balls and the others must be empty.

 But note: the problem does not require that the X-th box must have all the balls. It only requires that every box except X is empty. So the X-th box might have 0 balls? Actually, if there are no balls at all, then that state is acceptable (as in sample 2). But if there are balls, then they must be in box X.

 Therefore, at the end, every ball must be in box X.

 How do we think about the process?

 We can model the movement of each ball. Since each box has at most one red and one blue, we can represent each ball as a separate entity? Actually, we have two types: red and blue.

 For each red ball that initially is in box i, we can trace where it goes when we apply a sequence of operations. Similarly for blue.

 But note: when we operate a box, we move all balls from that box. However, the movement of the red ball and blue ball are independent? Actually, they are: a red ball from box i is moved to P_i, and then if someone operates box P_i, then that red ball is moved to P_{P_i} (the next box for red), and so on. Similarly, a blue ball from box i is moved to Q_i, then to Q_{Q_i}, etc.

 Therefore, each red ball follows the permutation P: starting at its initial box, then goes to P_i, then P_{P_i}, etc. Similarly for blue balls with permutation Q.

 However, note: the operation on a box moves all balls from that box at once. But if two balls are in the same box, then when we operate that box, both are moved simultaneously? Actually, yes: if we operate a box that has a red and a blue, then the red goes to P_i and the blue goes to Q_i. But note: after that, they are separated. But if we never operate a box that has two balls? Actually, we can choose the order of operations arbitrarily.

 But note: we are allowed to do operations in any order and any number of times. The key is: we must end with only box X containing balls.

 How can a ball end up in box X? For a red ball initially in box i, it must be moved along the permutation P until it reaches a box that is never operated? Actually, no: the movement happens only when the box it is in is operated. And when operated, it moves to the next box according to P.

 Similarly, for a blue ball: it moves along permutation Q.

 But note: when we operate a box, we remove the balls and then put them in the next boxes. So the ball is always in one box at a time. The movement of a ball is deterministic: a red ball at box i, when the box i is operated, moves to P_i. Similarly, if the red ball is at box j, then when j is operated, it moves to P_j.

 Therefore, each red ball will traverse a path: 
   i0 = initial box
   i1 = P_i0
   i2 = P_i1
   ... until we stop operating? Actually, we can choose to not operate a box. So if we never operate the box that the ball is currently in, then the ball remains there.

 To have the ball end in box X, we must have that the ball is moved (by a sequence of operations) until it lands in box X and then we never move box X? Actually, we cannot move box X? But note: the goal does not require box X to be empty? Actually, the goal says "all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls". So box X can be operated? Actually, if we operate box X, then we take all balls from box X and then put the red balls to P_X and blue to Q_X. But then after that, box X becomes empty (unless P_X == X or Q_X == X) and then the balls are moved to P_X and Q_X. But then if P_X != X and Q_X != X, then the balls that were in X are moved to other boxes. Then we have balls in boxes P_X and Q_X, which are not X (if they are not X). This would break the goal.

 Therefore, to achieve the goal, we must not operate box X? Actually, we can operate box X only if after operating it, the balls that were in X are moved to X? That is, if P_X == X and Q_X == X, then operating X leaves the balls in X? Then it's safe? Actually, if we operate X when P_X == X and Q_X == X, then the balls are taken and then put back. So it doesn't change the state. But if we want the balls to be in X at the end, then we must avoid moving them away from X.

 Therefore, we can only operate box X if it sends both balls to itself (if it has any). But if a ball is in X and we don't want to move it away, then we should not operate X if P_X != X (for red) or Q_X != X (for blue). Actually, if there is a red ball in X and P_X != X, then operating X would move that red ball to P_X (which is not X), which is disallowed because then a box other than X has a ball. Similarly for blue.

 Therefore, once a ball is in box X, we must not operate box X. Actually, we must ensure that no operation moves a ball from X to a box other than X. So if there is a ball in X and P_X != X (for red) or Q_X != X (for blue), then we cannot operate X. But what if we never have to operate X? Then we can avoid operating it.

 Actually, the problem: we are allowed to do operations in any order and any number of times. We must get all balls to X and then leave them there. The key is: we cannot move a ball out of X.

 Therefore, for each ball (each red and each blue) we must have a path that ends at X without passing through an operation that would move it from X to a non-X box. Actually, the ball must end at X and then we must not operate X again? But we can also avoid operating X after the ball arrives.

 However, note: the same box might have multiple balls? Then when we operate that box, we move all balls. So if we have two balls in box i, and we operate i, then both are moved: red to P_i and blue to Q_i.

 How can we get all balls to X?

 We can think backwards: we want to have all balls in X. How do balls get to X? 
   A red ball can be moved to X only from the box j such that P_j = X. Similarly, a blue ball can be moved to X only from the box j such that Q_j = X.

 But note: to move a ball from j to X, we must operate box j. But when we operate box j, we move all balls that are in j at that time. So if there is a red and a blue in j, then the red goes to P_j (which is X) and the blue goes to Q_j (which might not be X). Then the blue is not moved to X? That would be a problem.

 Therefore, we have to consider that an operation on a box moves both balls simultaneously? But if we have a red and a blue in the same box j, and we want to get both to X, we require that P_j = X and Q_j = X. Otherwise, one of them is moved to a box other than X.

 This complicates the matter: we cannot necessarily move balls independently.

 However, note that the initial balls are in separate boxes? Actually, no: a box i can have both a red and a blue. And after operations, multiple balls can end up in the same box? Actually, yes: because we move balls independently? But if we operate a box that has two balls, then we move them to two different boxes (unless P_j = Q_j). So the balls can become separated.

 But then, how do we get them together? Actually, they might never be together again? Then we have to move each ball individually to X.

 However, note: to move a ball to X, we need to have the ball at a box j such that when we operate j, the ball is sent to X. That is:
   For a red ball at j: we require P_j = X to move it to X in one operation.
   For a blue ball at j: we require Q_j = X.

 But if we don't have that, then we have to move the ball to a box that can later move it to X. That is, we can have a chain:

   For a red ball: we need to move it from j0 to j1 such that P_j0 = j1, then from j1 to j2 such that P_j1 = j2, ... until we reach X.

 But note: the movement is defined by the permutation P. So the red ball's movement is constrained to the cycle of P that j0 is in. Similarly for blue in Q.

 Therefore, the red ball at j0 can only be moved to boxes in the cycle of P that contains j0. Similarly for blue.

 Then, to get the red ball to X, the cycle of P that contains j0 must also contain X. Similarly, the blue ball must be in a cycle of Q that contains X.

 However, note: we are allowed to do operations in any order. But when we operate a box, we move all balls in that box. So if two balls are in the same box, we have to move them together? Actually, we must: because we take all balls. But then they are separated: red goes to P_j and blue to Q_j.

 This might cause problems: if we have a red and a blue in the same box j, and we want to move them to X, but the red requires going to P_j and the blue to Q_j, and then from there, the red might go through a chain of P and the blue through a chain of Q. But the chains might be different? Then they end up in different boxes? Then we have to move each independently.

 But the problem: we must end up with all balls in X. So each ball must eventually, by a chain of operations, end up in X.

 Therefore, a necessary condition: for each red ball initially at box i (with A_i=1), the cycle in permutation P that contains i must contain X. Similarly, for each blue ball initially at box i (with B_i=1), the cycle in permutation Q that contains i must contain X.

 But is that sufficient? Not entirely: because during the process, we might leave balls in intermediate boxes that we never get to move? Actually, we can choose the operations arbitrarily. However, the operations are costly and we want the minimum number.

 Also, note: we can operate a box multiple times? Actually, if we operate a box, then later we might put a ball back in that box from another operation? Then we can operate it again. But the movement is deterministic: a red ball at j will always go to P_j when we operate j.

 Therefore, the path for each ball is fixed: from its initial box, along the permutation until it reaches X. But we can choose the order of operations to advance the balls step by step.

 However, the challenge: when multiple balls are in the same box, we must move them together? But then they separate. Then we have to handle each separately.

 But note: we can also delay moving a ball? For example, we might not move a ball immediately from a box if there is another ball that we need to move from that box? Actually, we have to: because when we operate the box, we move all balls.

 Therefore, the process must be carefully sequenced.

 How to model the process?

 We can consider that we need to "collect" the balls and route them to X. Each ball (red or blue) has a unique path (a sequence of boxes) from its initial position to X, defined by the permutation cycles. For a ball that is in a cycle that contains X, we can define the distance to X: the number of operations (steps) needed to advance that ball to X.

 However, note: the ball doesn't necessarily have to be moved in one continuous sequence. But actually, if we leave a ball in an intermediate box and then later operate that intermediate box again, that would be inefficient? Actually, we can only move the ball forward when we operate the box it is currently in. And we can operate each box at most once? Actually, we can operate a box multiple times? But note: if we operate a box, we take all balls from that box. Then if we operate it again, we take the balls that are currently there (which might have been put there by an operation from another box). 

 Therefore, a box can be operated multiple times. But if we operate a box multiple times, then a ball that is sent to that box (from a previous operation) will be moved again. 

 But the goal: minimize the number of operations. We want to use as few operations as possible.

 Insight: each operation moves a set of balls from one box to their next boxes. The process is similar to "sweeping" the balls through the cycles.

 However, note that the movement of a ball from one box to the next requires that the current box is operated. And the operation moves every ball in that box. Therefore, if we have multiple balls in the same box, we must move them all at the same time. Then they go to different boxes (unless P_j = Q_j).

 Therefore, we can view the problem as: we have a set of tokens (each red ball and each blue ball) on the nodes of two functional graphs (defined by P and Q). We want to move each token to X. When we operate a node j, we move every token (regardless of color) that is currently at j: red tokens go to P_j, blue tokens go to Q_j.

 The constraints: 
   - A token (red) can only be moved from j to P_j.
   - A token (blue) can only be moved from j to Q_j.

 The goal: each token must be moved until it reaches X. And once a token reaches X, we must not move it again (because if we operate X and if the next step for red is not X or blue is not X, then it moves away).

 Therefore, we must ensure that when we move a token to X, we never move it out of X. That is, we must not operate X after any token has reached X? Actually, we can operate X only if it sends every token in it to X? That is, we require that for every red token in X, P_X = X, and for every blue token in X, Q_X = X. But if we have a token at X and we don't want to move it, we can avoid operating X.

 Actually, we can avoid operating X: we can leave X unoperated after the last token arrives at X.

 Therefore, the problem reduces to: 
   We have tokens (each is either red or blue) initially located at boxes (for red: where A_i=1, for blue: where B_i=1). 
   We can operate a box j, which moves every token currently at j: 
        red tokens at j go to P_j
        blue tokens at j go to Q_j

   We want to move each token to X and then never move it again.

   We must not move a token that has reached X (so we avoid operating X after the token arrives).

   We are allowed to operate each box multiple times? But note: if we operate a box multiple times, then a token that is moved to a box that has already been operated might be moved again? Actually, we can operate a box after new tokens arrive. But the order of operations is arbitrary.

   We want the minimum number of operations.

 Conditions for possibility:
   For every token (each red ball and each blue ball) at initial box i:
        For a red token: the cycle (in P) containing i must contain X.
        For a blue token: the cycle (in Q) containing i must contain X.

 However, what about tokens that are created by operations? Actually, we start only with the initial tokens. But note: a token might be moved to a box that is not the initial one. Then we must be able to move that token from that box to X. But by the condition above, if the token is red, then the cycle of the box it is in (in P) must contain X. Similarly for blue.

 Actually, when a red token is moved from box j to P_j, then the new box is P_j. And since the cycle in P containing j also contains X (because j is in the same cycle as X), then the condition is maintained.

 Therefore, the necessary and sufficient condition for possibility is that for each initial token (red and blue), the cycle (in the corresponding permutation) that contains the initial box also contains X.

 However, consider the following: 
   Suppose we have a red ball at i and the cycle of P containing i contains X. Then the red ball can be moved to X by operating the boxes along the path from i to X. Similarly for blue.

 But what if we have two tokens that are at the same box? Then we must operate that box, which moves both tokens: the red to P_j and the blue to Q_j. Then the blue token is now in a box that must be in the cycle of Q that contains X? But if the blue token started at j and was then moved to Q_j, then the condition for the blue token was already that the cycle in Q containing j contains X. Since j is in that cycle, then Q_j is also in the same cycle? Therefore, the blue token is still in a cycle that contains X.

 Similarly, if a token is moved to a box that is not the initial one, the condition that the new box is in a cycle containing X is satisfied.

 Therefore, the condition is sufficient.

 Now, the challenge is to compute the minimum number of operations.

 We have a set of tokens. Each token must traverse a path from its initial box to X. For a red token at i, the path is:
   i0 = i
   i1 = P_i
   i2 = P_{i1}
   ...
   until we reach X: the path is the unique path in the cycle from i to X (if we break the cycle at X, then we have a chain: i -> ... -> X).

 Similarly for blue.

 The length of the path for a red token: the number of steps (operations) needed to move it from i to X is the number of boxes we need to operate to advance it? Actually, to move the token from i to P_i, we must operate i. Then to move it from P_i to P_{P_i}, we must operate P_i, etc.

 But note: if we operate a box, we move all tokens currently in that box. Therefore, we can move multiple tokens at once if they are in the same box.

 Therefore, the cost (number of operations) is not simply the sum of the path lengths of each token. We can save operations by moving multiple tokens in the same operation.

 How to minimize the total operations?

 We can think greedily: we want to move tokens as much as possible together. But note: a red token and a blue token in the same box will be separated when we operate the box (unless P_j = Q_j). Then they go to different boxes. Then they might never be together again? Actually, they might meet again? But we cannot assume that.

 Therefore, the movements are independent after separation. 

 However, we can plan: we can move tokens that are in the same box at the same time (and that is forced: because we must move all tokens in the box together). Then we have to handle the separated tokens independently.

 The process: 
   We start with the initial tokens at their boxes.
   We can operate a box only if we want to advance the tokens that are in that box. 
   The goal: get each token to X.

   We can model the state as: the set of tokens and their current positions. But the state space is huge: 2^(number of tokens) * N? Actually, the tokens are independent and each token's position is in a cycle that we know. But the positions change deterministically when we operate a box: all tokens in a box are moved to fixed next boxes.

 We need to find a sequence of operations (boxes to operate) that moves all tokens to X, and such that we never operate X after any token has reached X? Actually, we can operate X at any time, but if we do, we must ensure that any token that is in X is moved to X (if P_X=X and Q_X=X, then it stays) or else if P_X != X then the red token leaves X, which breaks the goal. Therefore, we must avoid operating X after the last token has arrived? Actually, we can operate X only if it sends every token in it to X? But if we have a token at X and we operate X, and if P_X != X (for a red token) or Q_X != X (for a blue token), then that token leaves X and then we have a box (not X) with a ball. Then we must bring it back? But the cycle condition: the token must be able to come back? Actually, the cycle condition is that X is in the same cycle as the token's initial position. But if we move the token from X to P_X (for red) and then we can move it back? But that would require extra operations.

 However, the problem: once we have a token in X, we must not move it out. Therefore, we must not operate X if there is a token in X and the next step for that token is not X. So if P_X != X and there is a red token in X, then we cannot operate X. Similarly for blue.

 Therefore, the safe approach: after the first token arrives at X, we must not operate X again? Actually, if we have a token that arrives at X and then we operate X (and if the token is red and P_X != X) then we break. Therefore, we must not operate X after any token has arrived at X? Actually, we can operate X before any token arrives? 

 Actually, we can operate X arbitrarily as long as there is no token in X. But note: tokens might arrive at X at different times. So we must stop operating X when the first token arrives? Actually, no: if we operate X after a token has arrived, then that token will be moved (if it is red and P_X != X) to P_X, which is bad. Therefore, we must never operate X after the first token arrives? Actually, we must never operate X while there is a token in X? Because if we operate X, we move every token in X: and if any token is moved to a box other than X, then we have a violation.

 Therefore, we must schedule operations so that once a token arrives at X, we do not operate X again. And we must also avoid having tokens in X that we then move away? Actually, we don't move them away if we don't operate X. So the plan: we can operate X arbitrarily until the first token arrives? Actually, we don't have a token in X initially? Then we can operate X arbitrarily? But if we operate X when there is no token in X, then we are just doing an operation that doesn't move any token? Actually, if X has no token, then operating X does nothing? Because we take no balls? Then why would we operate X? Actually, we might need to operate X to move tokens that are on their way? Actually, no: tokens are moved only from the box they are in. Operating X only moves the tokens that are in X. So if X has no tokens, then operating X does nothing.

 Therefore, we should avoid operating X entirely? Actually, we can. Because we don't need to move tokens from X? The goal is to have tokens in X. So we don't need to operate X to advance tokens that are already at X.

 Therefore, we can simply avoid operating X at all. Then, when a token arrives at X, it stays.

 But what if we have a token that is supposed to go through X? Actually, the movement of a token is defined by the permutation. For a red token: to get to X, the last operation before X must be at a box j such that P_j = X. Then the token moves from j to X. Then we leave it. We never operate X.

 Therefore, we can ignore operations on X? Actually, we never need to operate X? Because if a token is in X, we leave it. And if we don't operate X, then tokens in X are not moved.

 Therefore, we can assume that we never operate X. Then the problem is: move all tokens (without ever operating X) to X.

 Then, the condition: for each token, the path from its initial box to X (in the functional graph without X as a fixed point? Actually, the functional graph is defined by the permutation, and we break the cycle at X: we consider the path from i to X in the cycle, which exists because the cycle contains X. Actually, the permutation is a permutation of 1..N, so the cycle is a cycle. We can break the cycle by noting that we want to stop at X. The path from i to X is the sequence of boxes from i to X along the edges of the permutation.

 Now, the problem: we want to minimize the total number of operations. Each operation is on a box (not X) and moves all tokens currently in that box to the next box (according to their color).

 We can view: we have a set of tokens that are traveling along their respective paths. Each token must traverse a fixed path. The operation on a box j moves every token that is currently at j to the next node on their respective path.

 Note: a red token at j must go to P_j, and a blue token at j must go to Q_j. The paths are independent.

 The challenge: we can only operate a box when there is at least one token in it. And operating the box moves every token in it. Therefore, we can "batch" the movement of tokens that are in the same box.

 We want to minimize the total number of operations. An operation on a box j is counted once, no matter how many tokens it moves.

 Therefore, the problem is: we have tokens that need to traverse edges (edges for red: j -> P_j, for blue: j -> Q_j). We can "activate" a node (operate it) to move all tokens currently at that node to the next node. We want the minimum number of node activations such that every token ends at X.

 Note: we can activate a node multiple times? But activating a node multiple times might be necessary if tokens from different paths meet at that node at different times? Actually, if we activate a node, then we move every token that is in that node at that time. Then, if later a token arrives at that node (from a different source or from a previous activation), we can activate the node again to move that token.

 Therefore, the problem is: we have tokens that start at different nodes and must traverse a path (a sequence of nodes) to X. We can activate a node multiple times. The cost is the total number of activations.

 How to compute the minimum number of activations?

 We can consider the entire process as: we need to activate each node at least as many times as the maximum number of tokens that pass through that node? But note: if multiple tokens pass through the same node, we can move them all at once if they are present at the same time? Actually, if they are present at the same time, then one activation moves them all. But if they pass through at different times, then we need multiple activations.

 How do we define "time"? We can choose the order of activations arbitrarily. Therefore, we can delay activating a node until all tokens that need to go through that node have arrived? Actually, we can schedule the activations arbitrarily? But note: a token can only move when the node it is in is activated. And a token arrives at a node only when the previous node (in its path) is activated and moves it to the next node.

 Therefore, the order of activations must follow the dependencies: to move a token from node j to P_j, we must activate j. But the token arrives at j only after the activation of the previous node that sent it to j.

 Actually, the tokens move independently? But they share the activation events. 

 We can model the problem as: we have a set of paths (each path is a sequence of nodes from the initial box to X). We must assign each token to a sequence of activation events: for each edge (j, next) in the token's path, the activation of j must occur after the token arrives at j (which is after the activation of the previous node in the token's path).

 And we can share activations: if we activate a node j at a certain time, then every token that is currently at j is moved.

 Therefore, the problem is to assign activation times to the activation events (each node can be activated multiple times) and route each token through its path such that for each token, the activation of the nodes on its path occur in order, and we minimize the total number of activations.

 This is complex.

 Alternative insight:

 Note: the movement of tokens is deterministic. The entire system is deterministic. The state is the positions of the tokens. The operations cause the tokens to jump to the next box. The transitions are: when we activate a box j, then every token at j moves: red tokens to P_j, blue tokens to Q_j.

 We can simulate backwards? Or use dynamic programming?

 Alternatively, note that the paths for the tokens are fixed. Each token must be moved a fixed number of steps (the length of the path from its initial box to X). But the steps are forced: to move a token from j to next, we must activate j.

 Therefore, the minimal number of activations is at least the number of distinct edges that any token must traverse? Actually, no: because an activation of j can move multiple tokens that are at j at that time.

 But note: a token that must traverse an edge (j, next) must have j activated at least once. But if multiple tokens traverse the same edge (i.e., they are at j at the same time), then one activation moves them all. But if they are at j at different times, then we need to activate j multiple times.

 However, we can control the timing by the order of activations. We can choose to activate a node j only when we have collected all the tokens that need to pass through j? Actually, we cannot: because tokens arrive at j from different paths and at different times? 

 Actually, we can delay activating j until the last token arrives? But then the tokens that arrived earlier are stuck at j until we activate j. And if we activate j, then they move to the next node. Then the tokens that were stuck at j are moved, and then we can move them further.

 Therefore, we can use a greedy scheduling: activate a node only once, and at a time when all tokens that need to pass through that node have arrived? But that might not be possible: because the tokens arrive at different times and we cannot wait indefinitely? Actually, we can choose the order arbitrarily? 

 Actually, we can activate nodes in any order. But the arrival of tokens at a node j depends on the activations of the nodes that feed into j.

 Therefore, we must activate the nodes in an order that respects the dependencies: to activate j (to move tokens from j to the next), we must have moved tokens into j from the previous nodes? Actually, no: we can activate j arbitrarily? But if we activate j before any token has arrived at j, then it does nothing. Then we have to activate j again when tokens are there.

 Therefore, the minimal total activations is the sum over nodes of the maximum number of tokens that pass through that node at different times? Actually, it is the maximum, over each node, of the number of tokens that require passing through that node? But that is not additive.

 Actually, consider: 
   Token 1: path [a, b, c, X]
   Token 2: path [d, b, e, X]

 Then, for node b: both tokens must pass through b. We can activate b once to move both tokens (if they are both at b at the same time). But can we get both tokens to b at the same time? 

 We can activate a to move token1 to b, then activate d to move token2 to b. Then we activate b to move both to the next. Then the activations: a, d, b -> total 3.

 But if we activate a and then b: then token1 goes from a to b, then from b to c. Then token2 is still at d. Then we activate d to move token2 to b. Then we activate b to move token2 to e. Then total 4.

 Therefore, to minimize, we want to batch as many tokens as possible at a node.

 The optimal strategy: at each node, we activate it only once, and at that time we move all tokens that will ever be at that node? But that is impossible: because tokens arrive at different times? Actually, we can only move tokens that are currently at the node. And tokens that are not yet at the node must be moved to the node later? Then we have to activate the node again.

 Therefore, we must activate a node j as many times as there are tokens that must pass through j? Actually, no: because if two tokens pass through j, we might activate j only once if they are both present at the same time.

 How to get tokens to be present at the same time at j? We can synchronize by delaying the activation of the previous nodes? 

 Actually, we can control the timing: 
   For token1: we can delay activating a until we have moved token2 to d and then to b? Actually, we can do:

   Step 1: activate d: token2 moves to b. Now token2 is at b.
   Step 2: activate a: token1 moves to b. Now both tokens are at b.
   Step 3: activate b: both tokens move: token1 to c, token2 to e.
   Step 4: activate c: token1 moves to X.
   Step 5: activate e: token2 moves to X.

 Total 5 operations.

 But if we do:

   Step 1: activate a: token1 moves to b.
   Step 2: activate d: token2 moves to b.
   Step 3: activate b: both tokens move to next.
   Step 4: activate c: token1 moves to X.
   Step 5: activate e: token2 moves to X.

 Total 5 operations.

 Alternatively, if we activate b twice? 

   Step 1: activate a: token1 moves to b.
   Step 2: activate b: token1 moves to c.
   Step 3: activate d: token2 moves to b.
   Step 4: activate b: token2 moves to e.
   Step 5: activate c: token1 to X.
   Step 6: activate e: token2 to X.

 Total 6 operations.

 Therefore, we want to batch tokens at b: we save one operation if we activate b only once for both tokens.

 How to achieve that? We must have both tokens at b before we activate b. Therefore, we must not activate a and then immediately activate b? Instead, we activate a and d first, then b.

 The minimal number of operations: we need to activate every node at least as many times as the number of tokens that must be moved from that node, but we can move multiple tokens at once if they are present at the same time. And we can control the presence by the order of activations.

 We can use a topological order? But the graph is a permutation (a set of cycles). We are only considering the paths from the initial boxes to X. We can break the cycles: from each initial token's box, we consider the path to X. The path for a token is: 
   j0, j1, j2, ... , jk = X.

 Then, the tokens must visit the nodes in the path in order.

 The problem: we want to minimize the number of activations. We can share an activation at a node j for all tokens that are at j at the same time.

 Therefore, for each node j (that is not X), we must activate it at least once for each token that passes through it. But we can activate it once and move all tokens that are currently at j.

 The challenge: we need to schedule the activations so that for each node j, we activate it only when we have collected all the tokens that we want to move from j at that time? Actually, we can activate it multiple times, but we want to minimize the total.

 Note: activating a node multiple times is more costly than activating it once. Therefore, we want to activate each node as few times as possible. The minimal number of activations at a node j is the maximum, over all time, of the number of tokens present at j? Actually, no: we can activate j at any time. The minimal number of activations at j is the maximum number of tokens that are present at j at any time? Actually, no: because we can choose to activate j when there are many tokens and then later activate j again when there are more tokens? Actually, we can activate j whenever we want.

 However, the tokens arrive at j at times that we control by the activations of the previous nodes.

 Therefore, we can simulate the process in reverse: from X backwards. We can use dynamic programming or greedy on the reverse graph.

 Alternatively, we can use a dependency graph: the activation of a node j must happen after the activations of the nodes that send tokens to j.

 For each token, the activation of j (to move it from j to next) must happen after the activation of the node that sent it to j.

 To batch tokens at j, we want to delay the activation of j until all tokens that will eventually come to j have arrived.

 Therefore, for a node j, the number of activations we need for j is exactly 1? Actually, we can only activate j once? But then we move every token that is at j at that time. Then, if a token arrives at j after we activated j, we have to activate j again? Then we need to activate j as many times as the number of times a token arrives at j.

 But how many times does a token arrive at j? Each token that passes through j arrives at j exactly once. But if we activate j only once, then we can move all tokens that have arrived at j by that time. But tokens arrive at j at different times (controlled by the activation order). Therefore, we can activate j only once, at a time when all tokens that we want to move from j have arrived.

 Therefore, the minimal number of activations for j is 1, if we can get all tokens that must pass through j to j before we activate it.

 How to get tokens to j at the same time? We can control the activation order of the previous nodes. 

 Actually, for each token that must pass through j, it comes from a specific predecessor: for a red token, it comes from the node i such that P_i = j. For a blue token, it comes from the node i such that Q_i = j.

 Then, to get a token to j, we must activate its predecessor. And the activation of the predecessor must happen before the activation of j.

 Therefore, the condition: we can only activate j after we have activated every predecessor of j (for every token that comes to j).

 Then, the activation of j must come after the activations of all predecessors (for the tokens that come to j).

 But note: a predecessor i might send multiple tokens to j? Then we must activate i only once to send them? Actually, we activate i to move every token that is at i at that time. Then if multiple tokens are at i and they all go to j (which would happen if for a red token at i, P_i = j, and for a blue token at i, Q_i = j, then both go to j) then they arrive together. But if a token at i goes to j and another goes to k, then after activating i, one token goes to j and one to k.

 Therefore, j might get tokens from different predecessors. And each predecessor i must be activated before j, so that the token from i arrives at j before we activate j.

 Then, the activation of j is scheduled after the last activation of any predecessor i (that sends a token to j) has been done and the token has arrived.

 Actually, after activating a predecessor i, the token sent by i arrives at j immediately (in the same step? Actually, the operation at i moves the token from i to j. Then after that operation, the token is at j. Then we can activate j.

 Therefore, the activation of j must be after the activation of every predecessor i that sends a token to j.

 Then, the minimal number of activations for the whole graph is: we activate each node exactly once? But only if for each node j, we wait until all tokens that must pass through j have arrived? 

 But what if a token arrives at j from two different paths? Then we must wait for both paths to finish sending the token to j.

 Actually, the token is sent from a unique predecessor: for a red token, the predecessor is the node i such that P_i = j. Similarly for blue.

 Therefore, for j, the predecessors are:
   For red: i such that P_i = j and there is a red token that goes from i to j (i.e., the token's path includes i and then j).
   For blue: i such that Q_i = j and there is a blue token that goes from i to j.

 Then, the activation of j must be after the activation of every such i.

 Then, the minimal number of activations is the number of nodes that are involved in any token's path? But note: a node might be involved in multiple tokens' paths, but we activate it only once.

 Actually, we activate each node exactly once? Then the total number of activations would be the number of nodes that are in the union of all paths? But note: we don't need to activate X. And we don't need to activate a node that has no token passing through? Actually, we only activate nodes that have at least one token at some time? But if a node is on a path, then it must be activated to move the token along.

 Therefore, we activate every node (except X) that is on any token's path exactly once? And the order is a topological order of the graph of dependencies: if j depends on i (because i sends a token to j), then i must come before j.

 But the graph of dependencies: we have a directed graph defined by:
   For each red token with path: ... -> i -> j -> ... (and j = P_i), we have an edge i -> j.
   For each blue token with path: ... -> i -> j -> ... (and j = Q_i), we have an edge i -> j.

 Then, the entire graph is the union of the paths of all tokens (from their initial node to X). And we must activate the nodes in a topological order (actually, any order that respects the partial order: if there is an edge i->j, then i must be activated before j).

 Then, the minimal number of activations is the number of nodes in the graph (excluding X)? But note: the same node might appear in multiple paths? Then we count it only once.

 However, what if a node j has two incoming edges: one from a red path and one from a blue path? Then j must be activated after both predecessors. But we only activate j once.

 Therefore, the minimal number of operations is the number of distinct nodes (excluding X) that are on any token's path? 

 But consider: we might not need to activate a node that has no token? Actually, we only activate nodes that have tokens at some time. And a node has a token if it is on a token's path and the token has not been moved yet.

 But by the dependency, we activate a node only if it has at least one token that will be moved? Actually, we activate a node j only if there is a token that is currently at j and that we want to move. But if we activate j only once, then we move every token that is at j at that time. And we need to activate j to move the tokens to the next node.

 Therefore, we must activate every node that is on any token's path (except the final step: when the token is moved to X, we don't activate X).

 But what about nodes that are not on any token's path? We don't need to activate them.

 Therefore, the total number of activations is the size of the set:
   { all nodes that are visited by any token, excluding X }

 But is that sufficient? And we can always activate the nodes in a topological order (which is possible because the graph is a directed acyclic graph? Actually, the graph is a DAG if we break the cycles at X: since we never move tokens from X, the paths are from the initial nodes to X and are acyclic). 

 Then, the minimal number of operations is the number of nodes in the union of the paths (excluding X) of all tokens.

 But consider the sample: 
   Input: 
        5 3
        A: 0 1 0 1 0  -> red at box 2 and 4
        B: 0 0 1 0 1  -> blue at box 3 and 5
        P: 4 1 2 3 5   -> for red: 
                box1: red goes to 4
                box2: red goes to 1
                box3: red goes to 2
                box4: red goes to 3
                box5: red goes to 5
        Q: 3 4 5 2 1   -> for blue:
                box1: blue goes to 3
                box2: blue goes to 4
                box3: blue goes to 5
                box4: blue goes to 2
                box5: blue goes to 1

   Goal: all balls to box 3.

   For red at 2: 
        The path: 
            Start at 2: 
                Operation on 2: moves red to P_2 = 1.
            Then at 1: move to P_1 = 4.
            Then at 4: move to P_4 = 3 -> X.
        So the path for red2: 2->1->4->3.

   For red at 4:
        Start at 4: 
            Operation on 4: moves red to P_4=3 -> X.
        Path: 4->3.

   For blue at 3:
        Start at 3: 
            Operation on 3: moves blue to Q_3=5.
            Then at 5: move to Q_5=1.
            Then at 1: move to Q_1=3 -> X.
        Path: 3->5->1->3.

   For blue at 5:
        Start at 5: 
            Operation on 5: moves blue to Q_5=1.
            Then at 1: move to 3 -> X.
        Path: 5->1->3.

   The union of nodes (excluding X=3):
        red2: 2,1,4
        red4: 4
        blue3: 3,5,1   -> but note: 3 is X, so we exclude 3? Then 5,1.
        blue5: 5,1

   Then the set: {1,2,4,5} -> size 4.

   The sample output is 4.

   So that matches.

   But wait: the blue token starting at 3: the path is 3->5->1->3. But we excluded 3? Then we include 5 and 1. But note: when we operate 3, we move the blue token from 3 to 5. But we must operate 3? Then we should count 3? But 3 is X? 

   However, our condition: we never operate X? Actually, we defined X=3. But the blue token starts at 3. How do we move it? We must operate 3 to move it to 5. But the goal says: we cannot operate X after a token arrives at X? But at the beginning, the token is at X? Then we must operate X to move it? But if we operate X and if for blue: Q_3=5, which is not X, then the blue ball is moved to 5 (a non-X box). Then we have to move it back? 

   Actually, we can operate X at the beginning? Because no token has been moved to X yet? Actually, the token is initially at X? Then we must move it? But then we break the condition? 

   However, the goal: "all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls". The initial state: box3 has a blue ball? Then the state is not achieved? Actually, no: the goal does not require that the X-th box must have all the balls? It only requires that boxes other than X are empty. So if box3 has a ball, that's allowed? But then why move it? 

   Actually, the goal: "a state where all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls". The initial state: 
        Box2: red (so has a ball)
        Box3: blue (so has a ball) -> but X=3, so box3 is allowed to have balls? Actually, the goal does not say that X should be the only box that may have balls? It says: all boxes other than the X-th box contain no balls. So box3 is allowed to have balls, and boxes 1,2,4,5 must be empty.

   But the initial state: 
        Box3 has a blue ball? Then it is allowed? So why do we need to move the blue ball from 3? 

   Actually, we don't need to move it? But then the sample input says the answer is 4, which moves the blue ball from 3? 

   Let me reexamine sample output 1:

        Steps:
          Operation 1: box5 -> then blue ball in box5 is moved to Q_5=1? Actually, no: initially, box5 has blue ball? Then operation on 5: take all balls from 5 (blue ball). Then put red balls? But there are no red balls, so put blue ball into Q_5=1. Then box5 becomes empty and box1 gets the blue ball? Then state: A = (0,1,0,1,0), B = (1,0,1,0,0). 

        Then operation on 2: take all balls from 2: red ball. Then put red ball into P_2=1, blue ball? There is no blue ball in 2. Then box2 becomes empty and box1 gets the red ball? Then A = (1,0,0,1,0), B = (1,0,1,0,0).

        Then operation on 1: take balls from 1: one red and one blue. Then put red into P_1=4, blue into Q_1=3. Then A = (0,0,0,2,0) -> actually, we should not aggregate? The problem states: we put the red balls (which is one) into 4 and blue into 3. Then box4 gets one red (so total 1+1=2? But initially box4 had one red? Then after putting, box4 has 2 reds? Actually, the problem does not say how many balls are in each box? It just says we put the balls. So we are moving the balls we have. Then after operation on 1: 
            Box1: becomes empty.
            Box4: gets one more red -> total 2 reds? But the problem states: A = (0,0,0,2,0) -> that matches.
            Box3: gets one blue -> so now box3 has two blues? But initially box3 had one blue, then we add one blue? Then B = (0,0,2,0,0).

        Then operation on 4: take all balls from 4: two reds. Then put reds into P_4=3. Then A = (0,0,2,0,0), B = (0,0,2,0,0). 

        Then we have box3: 2 reds and 2 blues? Actually, no: we put the two reds into 3? Then box3 has 2 reds and the blues were already there? Then 2 reds and 2 blues? But the problem states: A = (0,0,2,0,0) and B = (0,0,2,0,0). 

        Then the state: only box3 has balls? 

        But initially, there was a blue ball in box3? Then we moved a blue ball to box3 again? So the blue ball that started at 3 was moved to 5? Then moved to 1? Then moved to 3? And the blue ball that started at 5 was moved to 1? Then to 3? So both blue balls end in 3.

        Therefore, the blue ball that started at 3 was moved? 

        Why did we move it? Because we operated box3? Actually, we operated box3? The sample steps don't mention operating box3? 

        The steps: 
          Operation on 5 -> moved blue from 5 to 1.
          Operation on 2 -> moved red from 2 to 1.
          Operation on 1 -> moved the balls from 1: red to 4, blue to 3.
          Operation on 4 -> moved the two reds from 4 to 3.

        They did not operate box3.

        Then what happened to the blue ball that was initially in box3? It was never moved? 

        Actually, the initial blue balls: 
          Box3: B_3=1 -> blue ball.
          Box5: B_5=1 -> blue ball.

        After the first operation (on 5): we moved the blue ball from 5 to 1. The blue ball at 3 remains? Then after the operation on 1 (step 3), we moved the blue ball that was at 1 (from 5) to 3. So now box3 has two blue balls? The original one and the one from 5? 

        But wait: the operation on 1 moved the blue ball from 1 to 3. The original blue ball at 3 was not moved? Then after step 3, box3 has the original blue ball and the new blue ball? Then two blue balls.

        Then after step 4, we moved the two red balls from 4 to 3. Then box3 has two red and two blue.

        But the goal: all boxes other than the 3rd are empty? That is achieved.

        And the blue ball that was initially at 3 was not moved? 

        Therefore, the blue ball at 3 was never moved? Then why did we include 3 in the path for the blue ball from 3? 

        Actually, the blue ball at 3 is already at X? We don't need to move it? 

        Then the path for the blue ball at 3: it doesn't need to move? So the path is empty? 

        Similarly, for the red ball at 4: we only need to move it from 4 to 3? So the path is 4->3? Then the union of nodes (excluding X) is {4}. But the blue ball at 5: path 5->1->3 -> nodes 5,1. The red ball at 2: 2->1->4->3 -> nodes 2,1,4. Then the set: {1,2,4,5} -> 4 nodes.

        The blue ball at 3: no movement? So we don't need to operate any node for it? 

        Therefore, the condition: we only consider the paths for tokens that are not initially at X.

        Then, for each token that is not initially at X, we consider the path from its initial box to X (along the permutation). The path includes all the nodes from the initial box to the node just before X? Actually, the last step: from a node j to X is included? Then the node j must be activated? But not X.

        Then the set of nodes to activate is: for each token not initially at X, the nodes on its path from the initial box to the node before X? Actually, no: the entire path excluding X? 

        Actually, the token must be moved from its initial box to the next, and so on until it lands in X. The operation that moves it from the last node (say j) to X is the operation on j. Therefore, j must be activated. And the path includes j.

        Therefore, the set is: for each token not initially at X, the entire path from the initial box to the last node (which sends it to X). And we exclude X.

        Then the minimal number of operations is the size of the union of these nodes.

        Then for the sample: 
            red2: not at X -> path: 2,1,4 -> nodes {2,1,4}
            red4: not at X -> path: 4 -> nodes {4}
            blue3: at X -> no path? 
            blue5: not at X -> path: 5,1 -> nodes {5,1}

        Union: {1,2,4,5} -> size 4.

        That matches.

        Now, sample input 2: 
          5 3
          A: 0 0 0 0 0
          B: 0 0 0 0 0
          Then no tokens? Then the set of nodes to activate is empty? Then answer 0.

        Sample input 3:
          2 2
          A: 1 1
          B: 1 1
          P: 1 2
          Q: 1 2

          Tokens: 
            red at 1 and 2
            blue at 1 and 2

          Condition: 
            For the red at 1: the cycle of P: 
                P: 1->1, 2->2 -> two cycles. The red at 1 is in a cycle that does not contain X=2? -> impossible? 
            Similarly, red at 2: cycle of P: cycle [2] contains X=2 -> okay.
            But the red at 1: fails -> so impossible? Then output -1.

          The sample output is -1.

        Therefore, the algorithm:

          Step 1: Check possibility:
            For each red ball (if A_i == 1 and i != X), check that i and X are in the same cycle of P.
            For each blue ball (if B_i == 1 and i != X), check that i and X are in the same cycle of Q.

            But note: if a token is initially at X, we don't need to move it? Then we don't care about its cycle? Actually, we can leave it at X. Then we don't need to check the cycle for tokens at X? 

          Step 2: If any token (not at X) is not in the same cycle as X (in the corresponding permutation), output -1.

          Step 3: Otherwise, for each token not initially at X, we get the path from the initial box to X (excluding X). The path is the sequence of nodes we will visit until we reach X. For a red token at i, we traverse: 
                i, P_i, P_{P_i}, ... until we reach X. But we stop at the node just before X? Actually, no: the last node we visit before X is the node that, when operated, sends the token to X. Therefore, we include the entire path from i to the last node (which is the predecessor of X in the cycle).

          However, note: the path might not be unique? Actually, in a cycle, the path from i to X is unique.

          How to get the path? We can break the cycle at X and get the chain from i to the node that points to X? Actually, we can do:

            For the permutation (say for red) P, we can consider the cycle containing X. We can break the cycle at X and form a chain: the nodes that come before X in the cycle? Actually, the cycle is a circular list. The path from i to X: we start at i and follow the permutation until we hit X. The nodes we visit are the path.

          But note: we are moving along the permutation. The operation: from j, we move to P_j. So the path is: i, P_i, P_{P_i}, ... until X.

          We can precompute the cycles for P and for Q.

          For each cycle in P that contains X, we can define:
            We break the cycle by removing the edge that would leave X? Actually, we don't need to remove an edge. We can traverse the cycle from i to X and note the nodes.

          How to get the path from i to X in a cycle? We can store the cycle as a list. Then the path from i to X is the sequence of nodes from i to X (excluding X? or including X? We want to exclude X? Actually, we want the nodes that we activate: which are the nodes from which we move the token. The token is at i, then at P_i, then at P_{P_i}, ... until it is at the node j such that P_j = X. Then we activate j to move it to X. Then the path for the token is the nodes: i, P_i, ... , j. And we need to activate each of these nodes.

          But note: we don't activate X. And the token is moved from j to X (which is automatic after activating j). Therefore, the path for the token is the sequence of nodes from i to j (the last node before X). But j is the node such that P_j = X? Actually, no: the entire path is defined: 
                Start at i -> then go to P_i -> then to P_{P_i} -> ... until we reach X.

          The last operation: the token is at a node k such that P_k = X. Then we activate k to move it to X.

          Therefore, the path includes k? Then the set of nodes for this token is the entire path from i to k (which is the last node before X) and k is the node that is activated to send it to X.

          But note: the token visits every node in the path from i to X, and each node (except X) must be activated. Therefore, the set of nodes for the token is all nodes from i to the node that is the predecessor of X (which is the node j with P_j = X) and including j? 

          Actually, the token is at i: we activate i to move it to P_i.
          Then at P_i: we activate P_i to move it to P_{P_i}.
          ...
          Then at j: we activate j to move it to X.

          Therefore, the nodes that need to be activated for this token are: i, P_i, ... , j.

          And the path is the entire sequence of nodes from i to j (which is the node that has an edge to X). Note: j is the node such that P_j = X.

          But in the cycle, there is a unique node j that satisfies P_j = X? Actually, no: in a cycle, there is one node that points to X? Actually, in the cycle, there is an edge from j to X if and only if P_j = X. And since the cycle contains X, there is exactly one node j such that P_j = X? Actually, no: the permutation is a bijection. Then there is exactly one node j such that P_j = X. Therefore, the path from i to X is: i, P_i, ... , j, and then we move to X.

          Therefore, the nodes that we must activate for this token are: i, P_i, ... , j (the entire path from i to j).

          Similarly for blue.

          Then, the minimal number of operations is the number of distinct nodes (excluding X) that appear in any of these paths.

          How to compute the set? 

          We can do:

            For each permutation (P and Q), precompute the cycle that contains X.

            For P: 
                Let cycle = the cycle that contains X.
                We need to break the cycle to form a path? Actually, we can store the cycle as a list. Then the node before X is the node j such that P_j = X? Actually, in the cycle, the next node of j is X. Then the list is: [ ... , j, X, ... ]? Actually, the cycle is circular. We can linearize it: starting from X and then going to the node that points to X? Actually, we want to know, for each node i (that has a red token and i != X), the path from i to X. 

            We can do:

                Create an array for P: next[i] = P_i.

                Then, we can start from X and go backward? But the permutation is not invertible? Actually, we can precompute the inverse permutation: invP, such that invP[j] = i if and only if P_i = j.

                Then, the path from i to X: we can follow next until we reach X? But that is the forward path. 

                Alternatively, we can store the cycle as a list. Then for each node i in the cycle (for red tokens), we can compute the distance from i to X? Actually, we don't need the distance, we need the set of nodes on the path from i to X (excluding X).

                We can store the cycle as a list (without X) and then the path for a token at i is the nodes from i to the end (which is the node j such that P_j = X) in the linearized chain? 

            Actually, we can break the cycle at X: 
                The cycle: [X, a1, a2, ..., ak] such that:
                    P_X = a1, P_{a1}=a2, ... , P_{ak}=X.
                Then, the path from a1 to X: [a1, a2, ... , ak]? Actually, no: 
                    To move a token from a1 to X: 
                        We activate a1: moves to P_{a1}=a2.
                        Then activate a2: moves to P_{a2}=a3.
                        ...
                        Then activate ak: moves to P_{ak}=X.
                    Then the path for the token at a1: [a1, a2, a3, ..., ak] (and we don't include X).

                The path for a token at a2: [a2, a3, ... , ak].
                The path for a token at ak: [ak].

                Then, the set of nodes for the red tokens: 
                    For each initial red token at i (if i != X), we add the nodes from i to the node that is the predecessor of X in the cycle? Actually, we add the nodes from i to ak (the node that points to X) in the broken cycle? 

            How to break the cycle? 

                We can form a list that starts at the node that is the inverse of X (the node j such that P_j = X) and then go backwards? Actually, we can form the cycle in order:

                Start from X and then j0 = invP[X] (the node that points to X), then j1 = invP[j0], ... until we get back to X. Then the cycle is: [X, j0, j1, ... , jk]? Actually, no: the permutation cycle: 
                    The cycle: 
                        X -> a1 -> a2 -> ... -> ak -> X.
                Then the inverse: 
                    a1 = invP[X], a2 = invP[a1], ... , ak = invP[a_{k-1}], and then invP[ak] = X.

                Then we can form a list: 
                    cycle_list = [a1, a2, ... , ak, X]   (in the forward direction: from a1 we go to a2, ... to ak, then to X, and then from X we go to a1? Actually, that is the cycle).

                But we break at X: we don't want to include X in the set of nodes to activate? Then for a token at a1: the path is [a1, a2, ... , ak] (because after activating ak, the token moves to X).

                Actually, we want the path from a1 to X: the nodes that we activate: a1, a2, ... , ak.

                Similarly, for a token at a2: the path is [a2, ... , ak].
                For a token at ak: the path is [ak].

                Then, the set for the red tokens: 
                    For each initial red token at i (if i != X), if i is in the cycle, then the set of nodes from i to ak (in the cycle order)? 

                But note: the cycle_list we built: [a1, a2, ... , ak, X]. Then the path from a1: we activate a1, a2, ... , ak -> that's the set {a1, a2, ... , ak}.
                The path from a2: {a2, ... , ak}.
                The path from a3: {a3, ... , ak}.

                Then the union of these sets is {a1, a2, ... , ak}. 

                Therefore, for the entire cycle (excluding X), the set is the same: {a1, a2, ... , ak}. 

                Then, if there is at least one red token in the cycle (and not at X), we must activate every node in the cycle (excluding X) at least once? And we activate each node once? Then the set for red tokens is the entire cycle (excluding X).

            But wait: what if we have two red tokens: one at a1 and one at a3? Then the set is {a1, a2, a3, ... , ak}. But that is the same as if we have one token at a1? 

            Therefore, for the entire cycle (for red), the set of nodes to activate is the entire cycle (excluding X), if there is at least one red token in the cycle (not at X). 

            Similarly, if there are no red tokens in the cycle, then we don't activate any node for red.

            But what if we have a red token only at a3? Then the path is a3, a4, ... , ak. Then the set is {a3, a4, ... , ak}. Then the union over red tokens is that set. 

            But then if we have a red token at a1 and one at a3, the union is {a1, a2, a3, ... , ak}. 

            Therefore, we cannot simply take the entire cycle? 

            We must take the union of the nodes that are on the path from each token's initial box to X (excluding X).

            How to compute that efficiently? 

            For a given permutation (say P) and the cycle containing X, we break the cycle at X. Then we have a chain from the node that points to X (call it head) back to X? Actually, we have a circular list. We can linearize the cycle by removing X and then we have a list L of nodes: L[0] = a1, L[1]=a2, ... , L[k-1]=ak, and then from ak we go to X.

            Then, for a token at a node i (which is in L), we need the set of nodes from i to the end of L? Actually, the path from i to X: we start at i, then go to next node in L (if i is not the last), and so on until we hit ak (the last node in L) and then we move to X. 

            Therefore, the set of nodes for a token at i is the suffix of L starting from the position of i to the end (L[position(i): ]).

            Then the union of sets for all red tokens in the cycle is the set of nodes that are in any suffix that starts at an initial token node.

            Then, the set is the entire L? Not necessarily: if the initial tokens are only at the last two nodes, then we only need the last two nodes? 

            Actually, the set is the union of the suffixes. The union of the suffixes starting from different indices is the entire set from the minimum starting index to the end. 

            Actually, if we have a token at i and a token at j and i comes before j in L, then the suffix for i includes the suffix for j. Then the union is the suffix starting at i.

            Therefore, the union for the cycle is the suffix of L starting from the first initial token (the earliest in L) to the end.

            Similarly, for blue tokens in the cycle of Q.

            Then, the total set is the union of:
                For the red tokens: the suffix (from the minimum starting index) of the cycle of P (excluding X) 
                For the blue tokens: the suffix (from the minimum starting index) of the cycle of Q (excluding X)

            But note: the two cycles are separate? Then the total set is the union of the two sets.

            Then, the minimal number of operations is the size of the union.

            How to compute:

              Step 1: Precompute the inverse of P and Q.

              Step 2: For permutation P, get the cycle containing X. Break the cycle to a linear list L_red: 
                    Start from X, then the node j0 = invP[X], then j1 = invP[j0], ... until we get back to X. Actually, we want the nodes in the cycle in the order of the inverse permutation? Actually, the forward cycle: 
                    We can traverse from X: 
                        node = X
                        L_red = []   (will collect the nodes in the cycle, excluding X, in the order: the node that points to X, then the node that points to that node, ... until we get back to X? But then the last node we get is the one that points to the node that points to X? Actually, we want the nodes in the order from the one that points to X to the one that is pointed to by X? 

                    Actually, we can form the cycle as a circular list. Then we break it at X and then list the nodes in the order of the path from any node to X? 

                    We can do:
                        current = X
                        next_node = P[X]   (the next node in the cycle from X)
                        cycle_nodes = []   (will collect the nodes that are not X)
                        while next_node != X:
                            cycle_nodes.append(next_node)
                            next_node = P[next_node]

                    But that is the entire cycle excluding X? Actually, it is the cycle starting from P[X] and then following until we get back to X. Then the list is the nodes in the order of the forward path? 

                    Actually, we want the nodes in the order of the path: the node that points to X is the last node? 

                    Actually, if we have the cycle: 
                        X -> a1 -> a2 -> ... -> ak -> X
                    Then the list from the above loop: 
                        starts at a1 = P[X], then a2 = P[a1], ... , ak = P[a_{k-1}], and then we stop when we get X (from ak, P[ak] = X).

                    Then the list is [a1, a2, ... , ak]. 

                    Then, for a red token at a node i (which is in [a1,...,ak]), the path to X is: 
                        i, P[i], ... , ak? Actually, if i = a1, then path: a1, a2, ... , ak.
                        if i = a2, then path: a2, ... , ak.
                        ...

                    Therefore, the set of nodes for the token at i is the subarray from i to the end (i.e., the suffix starting from i).

                    Then the union for red tokens is the suffix from the minimum index (in the list) of any initial red token? Actually, the minimum index in the list? The list is [a1, a2, ... , ak]. The suffix starting from a_i is the subarray [a_i, a_{i+1}, ... , ak]. 

                    The union over all initial red tokens (not at X) is the suffix starting from the earliest (in the list) initial red token.

                    For example, if the list is [a1, a2, a3, a4] and we have tokens at a2 and a3, then the union is [a2, a3, a4] and [a3, a4] -> union is [a2, a3, a4]. The earliest token is at a2.

                    Therefore, for the red cycle, the set is the suffix starting from the first (smallest index in the list) initial token.

                    Similarly for blue.

              Step 3: Then, the total set is the union of:
                    For red: the suffix from the first initial red token in the list L_red (if there is at least one red token) 
                    For blue: the suffix from the first initial blue token in the list L_blue (if there is at least one blue token)

                    And then add any node from the other permutation's cycles? Actually, no: the blue tokens are in the cycle of Q, which is a separate cycle? 

              But note: the two cycles are separate? Then the nodes in L_red and L_blue are distinct? Actually, not necessarily: a node might be in both cycles? 

              Actually, the permutations P and Q are independent. A node j might be in the cycle of P that contains X and also in the cycle of Q that contains X? Then it appears in both lists? 

              Therefore, the total set is the union of the two suffixes. 

              But note: if a node j is in both L_red and L_blue, then we count it only once.

              Then, the answer is |S_red| + |S_blue| - |S_red ∩ S_blue|? 

              Actually, we take the union.

              How to compute:

                Let S_red = the suffix of L_red starting from the first initial red token in L_red (if there is no red token, then S_red = empty).
                Let S_blue = the suffix of L_blue starting from the first initial blue token in L_blue.

                Then the total set = S_red ∪ S_blue.

              How to get the first initial token in a list? 

                For L_red: 
                    We have the list: [a1, a2, ... , ak] (for the red cycle).
                    We are given the initial red tokens: the boxes i for which A_i == 1 and i != X.

                    We want the smallest index j such that L_red[j] is an initial red token? Then S_red = L_red[j:].

                But what if there is no red token? Then skip.

              Step 4: The minimal number of operations = |S_red ∪ S_blue|.

            Example: 
                Sample input 1: 
                  Red tokens: at 2 and 4 (and not at X=3).
                  Blue tokens: at 5 (and at 3? but 3 is X, so only 5).

                For P (red): 
                  The cycle containing X=3: 
                    Start from 3: 
                      P[3]=2 -> a1=2
                      P[2]=1 -> a2=1
                      P[1]=4 -> a3=4
                      P[4]=3 -> then stop (next is X).
                    Then L_red = [2,1,4].

                The initial red tokens: 2 and 4. 
                  In L_red: 
                    The positions: 
                      2: index 0
                      4: index 2
                  The first initial token: at index 0 -> then S_red = [2,1,4].

                For Q (blue): 
                  The cycle containing X=3: 
                    Start from 3: 
                      Q[3]=5 -> a1=5
                      Q[5]=1 -> a2=1
                      Q[1]=3 -> stop (next is X).
                    Then L_blue = [5,1].

                The initial blue tokens: 5 (and 3 is at X, so only 5).
                  In L_blue: 
                    The first initial token: 5 at index 0 -> then S_blue = [5,1].

                Then S_red ∪ S_blue = {2,1,4,5} -> size 4.

            Example: sample input 4: 
                Input: 
                  10 10
                  A: [0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0] -> red at 7 and 9
                  B: [0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0] -> blue at 5,6,9
                  X=10

                P: [1,4,9,5,8,2,3,6,10,7]  (for red)
                Q: [7,4,9,10,6,3,1,2,8,5] (for blue)

                We need to check the cycles for X=10.

                For P: 
                  The cycle containing 10: 
                    Start at 10: 
                      P[10]=7 -> then 7
                      P[7]=3 -> then 3
                      P[3]=9 -> then 9
                      P[9]=10 -> then back to 10.
                    Cycle: 10->7->3->9->10.
                    Then L_red = [7,3,9]  (the nodes in the order: P[10]=7, P[7]=3, P[3]=9).

                The initial red tokens: 7 and 9. 
                    In L_red: 
                      7: index0, 9: index2 -> the first is 7 -> S_red = [7,3,9].

                For Q:
                  The cycle containing 10: 
                    Start at 10:
                      Q[10]=5 -> 5
                      Q[5]=6 -> 6
                      Q[6]=3 -> 3
                      Q[3]=9 -> 9
                      Q[9]=8 -> 8
                      Q[8]=2 -> 2
                      Q[2]=4 -> 4
                      Q[4]=10 -> 10.
                    Then L_blue = [5,6,3,9,8,2,4].

                The initial blue tokens: 5,6,9.
                    In L_blue: 
                      5: index0, 6: index1, 9: index3 -> the first is 5 -> S_blue = [5,6,3,9,8,2,4].

                Then S_red = {7,3,9} and S_blue = {5,6,3,9,8,2,4}. The union: {2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} -> size 8.

                The sample output is 8.

            Therefore, the algorithm:

              Step 1: Check possibility for red: 
                  For each i from 1 to N:
                    if A[i] == 1 and i != X:
                      if i is not in the same cycle of P as X: then impossible.

              Similarly for blue.

              Step 2: If impossible, output -1.

              Step 3: Else, 
                  For red: 
                    Compute the cycle of P containing X. 
                    Break the cycle to a list L_red: 
                        Start from X, then next = P[X], then next = P[next], ... until we get back to X. Then L_red = the list of nodes (in the order visited) excluding X and without repeating X? Actually, we stop when we get X? 
                        Actually, we can:
                            current = X
                            next_node = P[X]
                            L_red = []
                            while next_node != X:
                                L_red.append(next_node)
                                next_node = P[next_node]
                  Then, collect the initial red tokens that are not X: 
                    red_tokens = [ i for i in 1..N if A[i]==1 and i != X ]

                  Then, find the first occurrence in L_red of any red token? Actually, we want the minimum index in L_red that contains a red token. 
                    Let idx_red = a large number (or infinity)
                    For each token i in red_tokens:
                        if i is in L_red, then get the index of i in L_red (if i appears multiple times? but the list has distinct nodes) -> but note: the list L_red is the cycle without X, so each node appears once.
                    Actually, we can precompute a dictionary: node to index in L_red.

                    Then, min_index_red = min( index for i in red_tokens if i in L_red_map ) 
                    If there is no red token in L_red (i.e., red_tokens is empty), then min_index_red = infinity, and then the suffix is empty.

                    Then S_red = L_red[min_index_red:]

                  Similarly for blue: 
                    L_blue: the cycle of Q containing X (excluding X) in the order: Q[X], Q[Q[X]], ... until we get back to X.
                    blue_tokens = [ i for i in 1..N if B[i]==1 and i != X ]
                    min_index_blue = min( index for i in blue_tokens if i in L_blue_map )
                    S_blue = L_blue[min_index_blue:]

                  Then, the total set = set(S_red) ∪ set(S_blue)
                  Answer = len(total_set)

            But note: what if a red token is not in the cycle? Actually, we already checked: if a token is not in the same cycle as X, we output -1. So every token (not at X) is in the corresponding cycle.

            However, what if a token is at X? We skip it.

            Also note: the lists L_red and L_blue are for the cycles containing X. And we already checked that the token is in the same cycle as X. So the token must be in the list? 

            But note: the list L_red is built from the cycle: we traverse the cycle starting from X and then the next node, etc. The cycle contains the token? Then the token must be in L_red? Actually, the list L_red contains every node in the cycle except X. Therefore, if a token is not at X and in the cycle, it must be in L_red.

            Therefore, the algorithm.

            Complexity: 
                Building the cycle: O(N). 
                Then, we do for two permutations. 
                Then, we build the set: the total set size is at most 2*N? But we are taking the suffix of the list for each, then the union. 

                We can simply do:
                  total_set = set()
                  if min_index_red < inf: 
                      total_set.update(L_red[min_index_red:])
                  if min_index_blue < inf:
                      total_set.update(L_blue[min_index_blue:])

            Then output len(total_set).

            Let's test with sample input 3: 
                2 2
                A: [1,1] -> red tokens at 1 and 2? But we skip X=2? Then red token at 1? 
                But we already checked: 
                    Cycle of P for red: 
                        P: [1,2] -> 
                        Cycle of 1: [1] (because P[1]=1) -> does it contain X=2? No. Then we output -1.

            So it works.

            One more: sample input 2: 
                5 3
                A: [0,0,0,0,0] -> no red token
                B: [0,0,0,0,0] -> no blue token
                Then min_index_red = inf, min_index_blue = inf -> total_set = empty -> answer 0.

            Edge: a token might be at X? Then skip.

            Let's test with a token at X? 
                Suppose: 
                  2 1
                  A: [1,1] -> red tokens at 1 and 2. X=1.
                  Then for the red token at 1: skip (because at X).
                  Then the only token is at 2? 
                  Check: for red token at 2: same cycle as X=1? 
                  Permutation P: we are given. 
                  Suppose P: [1,2] -> then cycle of 1: [1], cycle of 2: [2]. Then token at 2: not in the same cycle as X=1 -> impossible -> -1.

            But if P: [2,1]? 
                  Cycle: [1,2] (if P[1]=2 and P[2]=1). Then the cycle of 1: contains 2? Then the token at 2 is in the same cycle as X=1? 
                  Then L_red for the cycle: 
                      Start at 1: next = P[1]=2 -> then L_red = [2] (and then next = P[2]=1 -> stop).
                  Then red_tokens (not at X): only 2? 
                  Then min_index_red = 0? -> S_red = [2].
                  Then answer = 1.

            But what if we have a token at X and one not at X? 
                We only consider the token not at X.

            This matches.

            Therefore, code:

              Steps:

                Read input.

                Precompute the cycles for P and for Q? Actually, we only need the cycle containing X for each.

                We can compute the cycle for P containing X:

                    We can use a visited array. But note: we have a permutation, so we can traverse the cycle.

                    For P:
                        cycle_nodes_red = set()
                        current = X
                        cycle_nodes_red.add(X)
                        next_node = P[X]  # 0-indexed: careful, the input is 1-indexed? 
                        while next_node != X:
                            cycle_nodes_red.add(next_node)
                            next_node = P[next_node]

                    Similarly for Q.

                Then, for each red token (i such that A[i]==1 and i != X), check if i in cycle_nodes_red? Actually, we already built the set? But we built the set for the cycle containing X? Then if i is in the set, then it is in the same cycle? 

                Actually, the set we built is the entire cycle? Then we can check.

                Then, if we find a token not in the set, output -1.

                Similarly for blue.

                Then, build L_red: 
                    L_red = []
                    cur = P[X]   # the first node after X
                    while cur != X:
                        L_red.append(cur)
                        cur = P[cur]   # until we get X

                And build a mapping: for each node in L_red, store its index.

                Then, 
                    red_tokens = [ i for i in range(1, N+1) if A[i] == 1 and i != X ]
                    min_index_red = a big number
                    for token in red_tokens:
                        # token must be in the cycle? we already checked, so it must be in L_red? Actually, the set cycle_nodes_red contains token? But note: the list L_red is built from the cycle and contains every node in the cycle except X. 
                        # But the token might be X? We skip (i != X). 
                        # So token is in L_red? Actually, yes. 
                        if token in L_red_map:   # L_red_map: a dictionary from node to index in L_red
                            min_index_red = min(min_index_red, L_red_map[token])

                    If no token, then min_index_red = a big number (inf).

                Similarly for blue.

                Then, 
                    S_red = L_red[min_index_red:]   if min_index_red != inf, else []
                    S_blue = L_blue[min_index_blue:] if min_index_blue != inf, else []

                    total_set = set(S_red) | set(S_blue)

                    print(len(total_set))

            Note: the permutations P and Q are given as 1-indexed. We store the arrays 0-indexed? 

            Example: 
                Input: 
                    N X
                    A: list of N integers (0-indexed: indices 0 to N-1, box1 is index0)
                    Similarly for B, P, Q.

                Then, we use 0-indexed for our arrays.

                But note: the permutations: 
                    P: given as P_1, P_2, ... P_N -> 1-indexed. 
                    We can store:
                        P_arr = list given, and then if we want P[i] for box i (0-indexed), then for box0, we use P_arr[0] - 1? 

                Actually, we can subtract 1 for each element in P and Q.

            Let me do:

                Read N, X (X is 1-indexed, then box X is at index X-1)

                A = list(map(int, input().split()))   # 0-indexed: A[0] is box1
                B = list(map(int, input().split()))
                P = list(map(lambda x: int(x)-1, input().split()))   # 0-indexed: the i-th element (i from 0 to N-1) is P_i (0-indexed)
                Q = list(map(lambda x: int(x)-1, input().split()))

                X0 = X-1   # 0-indexed

            Then, in the algorithm, we use X0.

            Let me test with sample 1:

                N=5, X=3 -> X0=2.

                A: [0,1,0,1,0]  -> red at indices 1 and 3 (box2 and box4)
                B: [0,0,1,0,1]  -> blue at indices 2 and 4 (box3 and box5)

                P: input "4 1 2 3 5" -> [3,0,1,2,4]  (each-1)
                Q: input "3 4 5 2 1" -> [2,3,4,1,0]

                Then, for red: 
                    cycle_nodes_red: 
                        start at X0=2, then add 2.
                        next_node = P[2] = P_arr[2] = 1.
                        then next_node = P[1] = P_arr[1]=0.
                        then next_node = P[0]=3.
                        then next_node = P[3]=2 -> X0, stop.
                    Then cycle_nodes_red = {2,1,0,3}? Actually, we started at 2 and then added 1,0,3? Then set = {2,1,0,3}. 
                    But the red tokens: indices 1 and 3 -> both in the set.

                Then L_red: 
                    start at P[X0]=P[2]=1 -> append 1.
                    then P[1]=0 -> append 0.
                    then P[0]=3 -> append 3.
                    then P[3]=2 -> stop.
                    L_red = [1,0,3]   (0-indexed)

                Then, red_tokens: indices 1 and 3 -> 1 and 3? 
                Build L_red_map: 
                    index0: 1 -> value 0
                    index1: 0 -> value 1
                    index2: 3 -> value 2
                Then for token 1: index=0, token 3: index=2 -> min_index_red=0 -> S_red = L_red[0:] = [1,0,3]

                For blue: 
                    cycle_nodes_blue: 
                        start at 2, then add P[2]? Actually, for Q: 
                        Q: [2,3,4,1,0] -> 0-indexed: 
                            Q[0]=2, Q[1]=3, Q[2]=4, Q[3]=1, Q[4]=0.
                        Then:
                            start at X0=2, then next_node = Q[2]=4.
                            then Q[4]=0.
                            then Q[0]=2 -> stop.
                        cycle_nodes_blue = {2,4,0}? 
                    The blue tokens: indices 2 and 4? 
                        But 2 is X0? Then skip. Only 4? 
                    Check: 4 is in the set? yes.

                Then L_blue: 
                    start at Q[2]=4 -> append 4.
                    then Q[4]=0 -> append 0.
                    then Q[0]=2 -> stop.
                    L_blue = [4,0]   (0-indexed: 4 is the fifth box, 0 is the first box)

                Then blue_tokens: [4] (0-indexed: the token at index4? yes)
                L_blue_map: 
                    4:0, 0:1
                Then min_index_blue = 0 -> S_blue = [4,0]

                Then total_set = {1,0,3} ∪ {4,0} = {0,1,3,4} -> size 4? 
                But 0 is box1, 1 is box2, 3 is box4, 4 is box5 -> matches the sample.

            But note: the answer is the size of the set? 4.

            Therefore, we output 4.

            This matches.

            Code:

            Note: if the cycle for P containing X is only [X]? 
                Then L_red is empty? Then if there is a red token at X, we skip. If there is a red token not at X? then we already checked and it is impossible? 

            So we are safe.

            Let me test with a cycle that is [X] only: 
                P: [X] only? Then for a red token at X: skip. 
                Then min_index_red = inf -> S_red = [].

            Similarly.

            Therefore, the code:

            Steps:

                import sys

                data = sys.stdin.read().split()
                # Parse: 
                n = int(data[0]); X = int(data[1])
                # Then A: next n integers
                A = list(map(int, data[2:2+n]))
                B = list(map(int, data[2+n:2+2*n]))
                P = list(map(int, data[2+2*n:2+3*n]))
                Q = list(map(int, data[2+3*n:2+4*n]))

                # Convert to 0-indexed for arrays and X0 = X-1
                X0 = X - 1
                P0 = [x-1 for x in P]
                Q0 = [x-1 for x in Q]

                # Check cycles for P and Q: 
                # For P: 
                #   Build the set of nodes in the cycle containing X0.
                def get_cycle(perm, start):
                    cycle_set = set()
                    cur = start
                    cycle_set.add(cur)
                    next_node = perm[cur]
                    while next_node != start:
                        cycle_set.add(next_node)
                        cur = next_node
                        next_node = perm[cur]
                    return cycle_set

                cycle_red = get_cycle(P0, X0)
                cycle_blue = get_cycle(Q0, X0)

                # Check possibility for red tokens: 
                red_tokens_indices = [i for i in range(n) if A[i] == 1 and i != X0]
                for i in red_tokens_indices:
                    if i not in cycle_red:
                        print(-1)
                        exit(0)

                blue_tokens_indices = [i for i in range(n) if B[i] == 1 and i != X0]
                for i in blue_tokens_indices:
                    if i not in cycle_blue:
                        print(-1)
                        exit(0)

                # Build L_red: the list of nodes in the cycle (excluding X0) in the order: starting from P0[X0] and then following until we hit X0 again.
                L_red = []
                cur = P0[X0]
                while cur != X0:
                    L_red.append(cur)
                    cur = P0[cur]

                # Build L_blue:
                L_blue = []
                cur = Q0[X0]
                while cur != X0:
                    L_blue.append(cur)
                    cur = Q0[cur]

                # Build mapping for L_red: node to index
                L_red_map = {}
                for idx, node in enumerate(L_red):
                    L_red_map[node] = idx

                L_blue_map = {}
                for idx, node in enumerate(L_blue):
                    L_blue_map[node] = idx

                # Find the minimum index in L_red for any red token (that is not X0, but we have already excluded X0 in red_tokens_indices)
                min_index_red = float('inf')
                for token in red_tokens_indices:
                    # token is in L_red? we know it is in cycle_red, and the cycle_red (as a set) is the set of L_red plus X0? Actually, the set we built for the cycle_red includes X0 and all nodes in L_red. 
                    # But the token is not X0, so it must be in L_red? 
                    # But what if the cycle_red has only X0? then L_red is empty -> then token is not in L_red? But then we already excluded tokens at X0, and the token must be in the cycle? 
                    # Actually, if the cycle_red is only X0, then the token must be X0? But we skipped. So no token? 
                    # So if L_red is not empty, then token is in L_red? 
                    if token in L_red_map:
                        min_index_red = min(min_index_red, L_red_map[token])
                    # else: not found? Then skip? But it must be found? 
                    # Actually, if the token is in the cycle_red, then it must be in L_red? 
                    # But note: the set cycle_red = {X0} ∪ set(L_red). Therefore, if token is not X0, then it is in L_red? 
                    # So we don't need to check? 
                min_index_blue = float('inf')
                for token in blue_tokens_indices:
                    if token in L_blue_map:
                        min_index_blue = min(min_index_blue, L_blue_map[token])

                # Build the sets S_red and S_blue
                S_red = L_red[int(min_index_red):] if min_index_red != float('inf') else []
                S_blue = L_blue[int(min_index_blue):] if min_index_blue != float('inf') else []

                total_set = set(S_red) | set(S_blue)
                print(len(total_set))

            Let me test with sample input 4: 
                Input: 
                10 10
                0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
                0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
                1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7
                7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5

                Convert to 0-indexed: 
                  n=10, X=10 -> X0=9
                  A: [0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0]  -> red tokens at indices 6 and 8 (box7 and box9)
                  B: [0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0]  -> blue tokens at indices 4,5,8 (box5,6,9) -> but box9 is X0? Then skip? So blue tokens: indices 4,5 (and 8 is X0? But 8 is box9? And X0=9? So 8 is index8? Then we skip? Actually, no: 
                  The blue token at index8? That is box9? Then skip? 
                  So blue_tokens_indices = [4,5] (box5 and box6)

                P: input: "1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7" -> subtract 1: [0,3,8,4,7,1,2,5,9,6]
                Q: input: "7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5" -> [6,3,8,9,5,2,0,1,7,4]

                For red: 
                  cycle_red: 
                    start at X0=9, then next_node = P0[9] = 6? 
                    then 6 -> P0[6]=2 -> 2
                    then 2 -> P0[2]=8 -> 8
                    then 8 -> P0[8]=9 -> back to 9? 
                  cycle_red = {9,6,2,8}
                  red_tokens: 6 and 8 -> both in cycle_red.

                  L_red: 
                    start at P0[9]=6 -> append 6
                    next: P0[6]=2 -> append 2
                    next: P0[2]=8 -> append 8
                    next: P0[8]=9 -> stop.
                    L_red = [6,2,8]   (0-indexed: 6->box7, 2->box3, 8->box9? But we skip X0=9? Actually, the last node is 8, which is box9? But note: we are storing 0-indexed, and box9 is index8. 
                    Then the tokens: 
                        6 (box7) -> index in L_red: 0
                        8 (box9) -> index in L_red: 2
                    min_index_red = 0 -> S_red = [6,2,8]

                For blue:
                  cycle_blue: 
                    start at 9, then next = Q0[9]=4 -> 4
                    then 4 -> Q0[4]=5 -> 5
                    then 5 -> Q0[5]=2? -> 2
                    then 2 -> Q0[2]=3? -> 3
                    then 3 -> Q0[3]=9 -> 9? stop.
                  cycle_blue = {9,4,5,2,3}
                  blue_tokens: 4 and 5 -> both in cycle_blue.

                  L_blue: 
                    start at Q0[9]=4 -> append 4
                    then Q0[4]=5 -> append 5
                    then Q0[5]=2 -> append 2
                    then Q0[2]=3 -> append 3
                    then Q0[3]=9 -> stop.
                    L_blue = [4,5,2,3]   (0-indexed: 4->box5, 5->box6, 2->box3, 3->box4)

                  blue_tokens: 4 and 5 -> 
                    indices: 4->0, 5->1 -> min_index_blue=0 -> S_blue = [4,5,2,3]

                Then total_set = {6,2,8} ∪ {4,5,2,3} = {2,3,4,5,6,8} -> size 6? 

                But the sample output is 8? 

            What went wrong? 

            Actually, the sample input 4: 
                "10 10
                 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
                 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
                 1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7
                 7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5"

            The permutations: 
                P: 1->1? Actually, the first element: 
                    Box1: P1=1 -> but 1 is 1-indexed? Then in 0-indexed: 
                    The array P0: 
                        1-1=0, 4-1=3, 9-1=8, 5-1=4, 8-1=7, 2-1=1, 3-1=2, 6-1=5, 10-1=9, 7-1=6.
                    So P0 = [0,3,8,4,7,1,2,5,9,6]

                Q0: 
                    Box1: 7 -> 7-1=6
                    Box2: 4 -> 3
                    Box3: 9 -> 8
                    Box4: 10 -> 9
                    Box5: 6 -> 5
                    Box6: 3 -> 2
                    Box7: 1 -> 0
                    Box8: 2 -> 1
                    Box9: 8 -> 7
                    Box10: 5 -> 4
                So Q0 = [6,3,8,9,5,2,0,1,7,4]

            Then, for the blue cycle: 
                Start at 9: 
                    Q0[9]=4? Actually, index9: the 10th box -> Q0[9]=4? 
                Then: 
                    9 -> 4
                    4 -> 9? Actually, Q0[4]=5 -> 5
                    Then 5 -> Q0[5]=2 -> 2
                    Then 2 -> Q0[2]=3 -> 3
                    Then 3 -> Q0[3]=9 -> 9? 
                Then the cycle: [9,4,5,2,3] -> in 0-indexed: [9,4,5,2,3]? 

            Then L_blue: 
                Start at Q0[9]=4 -> append 4
                then Q0[4]=5 -> append 5
                then Q0[5]=2 -> append 2
                then Q0[2]=3 -> append 3
                then Q0[3]=9 -> stop.

            So L_blue = [4,5,2,3] -> 0-indexed.

            The blue tokens: indices 4 and 5 (box5 and box6) are in L_blue: 
                index4: which node? It is the fifth box? In L_blue: 
                    The first element is 4 -> the fifth box (0-indexed index4) -> that matches.
                Then min_index_blue=0 -> S_blue = [4,5,2,3]

            For red: 
                Start at 9: 
                    P0[9]=6 -> append 6
                    P0[6]=2 -> append 2
                    P0[2]=8 -> append 8
                    P0[8]=9 -> stop.
                L_red = [6,2,8]

            Then total_set = {6,2,8} ∪ {4,5,2,3} = {2,3,4,5,6,8} -> 6.

            But the sample output is 8.

            Why? 

            Let me check the sample output 4: 
                Output: 8

            The sample input 4: 
                "10 10
                 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
                 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
                 1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7
                 7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5"

            The balls: 
                Red: at 7 and 9 -> 0-indexed indices 6 and 8? 
                Blue: at 5,6,9 -> 0-indexed indices 4,5,8? -> but 8 is the X box? So skip? Then blue tokens: 4 and 5? 

            Then our calculation gives 6? 

            But the sample output is 8.

            What's the correct set of nodes? 

            The answer 8 means that 8 distinct boxes are activated.

            From the problem: 
                We have to activate the boxes that are on the path for the tokens.

            For the red token at 6 (box7): 
                Path: 
                    Start at 6 -> then P0[6]=2 -> box3
                    then P0[2]=8 -> box9 (which is X? Actually, no: we break at X=9? But the path: 
                        From 6: to 2 (activation of 6)
                        From 2: to 8 (activation of 2)
                        From 8: to 9 (activation of 8) -> then done.
                The nodes activated: 6,2,8.

            For the red token at 8 (box9): 
                But 8 is the initial box? Then we activate 8: moves to P0[8]=9? Then done.
                The nodes: 8.

            For the blue token at 4 (box5): 
                Path: 
                    4 -> Q0[4]=5 -> activation of 4
                    5 -> Q0[5]=2 -> activation of 5
                    2 -> Q0[2]=3 -> activation of 2
                    3 -> Q0[3]=9 -> activation of 3
                Nodes: 4,5,2,3.

            For the blue token at 5 (box6): 
                Path:
                    5 -> Q0[5]=2 -> activation of 5
                    2 -> Q0[2]=3 -> activation of 2
                    3 -> Q0[3]=9 -> activation of 3
                Nodes: 5,2,3.

            The union: 
                For red token at 6: {6,2,8}
                For red token at 8: {8}
                For blue token at 4: {4,5,2,3}
                For blue token at 5: {5,2,3}
                Then total set: {6,2,8,4,5,3} -> 6.

            Why is the answer 8? 

            Actually, the sample output is 8? 

            The problem sample input 4 is: 
                10 10
                0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
                0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
                1 4 9 5 8 2 3 6 10 7
                7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5

            And output: 8.

            The provided sample output 4 is 8.

            But our algorithm gives 6? 

            What's the discrepancy? 

            Our algorithm: 
                For red: 
                    We built L_red = [6,2,8] and then took the suffix from the first token (which is 6, at index0) -> [6,2,8]
                For blue: 
                    L_blue = [4,5,2,3] and then took the suffix from the first token (which is 4, at index0) -> [4,5,2,3]
                Then the union has 6+4 - common nodes? The common nodes: 2 -> so total distinct = 6+4-2=8? 

            But wait: 
                S_red = [6,2,8] -> set: {6,2,8}
                S_blue = [4,5,2,3] -> set: {4,5,2,3}
                Then the union: {6,2,8,4,5,3} -> 6.

            But wait, the sets: 
                The list L_red = [6,2,8] has distinct nodes: 6,2,8.
                The list L_blue = [4,5,2,3] has distinct nodes: 4,5,2,3.
                The union: 6,2,8,4,5,3 -> 6.

            But the sample expected 8 operations? 

            Actually, the minimal number of operations is the number of distinct nodes? 

            But the sample input 4: 
                The answer is 8? 

            I rechecked: the sample input 4 is the same as in the problem statement? 

            Actually, the problem statement has sample input 4 and output 8.

            But our simulation of the paths only accounted for 6 distinct nodes.

            Why 8? 

            Actually, look at the blue tokens: 
                The blue token at 4 (box5) and at 5 (box6) are in the same cycle? 
                The path for the blue token at 4: 
                    box5 -> box6 -> box3 -> box4 -> box10? 
                But wait, in the sample input: 
                    Q: for box5: 6 -> box6
                    for box6: 3 -> box4? 
                    for box4: 10 -> box10
                    for box10: 5 -> box6? -> but that is a cycle? 

            Actually, the permutation Q: 
                Box1:7 -> box7
                Box2:4 -> box4
                Box3:9 -> box9
                Box4:10->box10
                Box5:6->box6
                Box6:3->box3
                Box7:1->box1
                Box8:2->box2
                Box9:8->box8
                Box10:5->box5

            Then the cycle containing X=10 (box10) is: 
                Start at 10: 
                    Q[10]=5 -> box5
                    Q[5]=6 -> box6
                    Q[6]=3 -> box3
                    Q[3]=9 -> box9
                    Q[9]=8 -> box8
                    Q[8]=2 -> box2
                    Q[2]=4 -> box4
                    Q[4]=10 -> back to 10.
                So the cycle: [10,5,6,3,9,8,2,4]

            Then the blue tokens: 
                Box5 (index4) and box6 (index5) are in the cycle.

            Then for the blue token at 4 (box5): 
                Path: 
                    5 -> 6 -> 3 -> 9 -> 8 -> 2 -> 4 -> 10
                The nodes activated: 5,6,3,9,8,2,4 -> 7 nodes? 

            For the blue token at 5 (box6): 
                Path: 
                    6 -> 3 -> 9 -> 8 -> 2 -> 4 -> 10 -> 7 nodes? 

            But then the union of nodes for blue is the entire cycle (excluding 10)? 7 nodes.

            For red: 
                The cycle: 
                    Start at 10: 
                        P[10]=7 -> box7
                        P[7]=6 -> box6
                        P[6]=2 -> box2
                        P[2]=8 -> box8
                        P[8]=9 -> box9
                        P[9]=10 -> back to 10.
                    Then the cycle: [10,7,6,2,8,9]

                Then the red tokens: 
                    Box7 (index6) -> path: 
                        7 -> 6 -> 2 -> 8 -> 9 -> 10: nodes: 7,6,2,8,9 -> 5 nodes.
                    Box9 (index8) -> path: 
                        9 -> 10 -> 1 node? (because from 9: P[9]=10) -> only 9.

                Then the union for red: the entire path for 7: {7,6,2,8,9} and the path for 9: {9} -> union {7,6,2,8,9} -> 5 nodes.

                Then total distinct nodes: 7 (blue) + 5 (red) - common nodes? 
                Common nodes: 
                    blue: [5,6,3,9,8,2,4] -> 5 is box5, 6 is box6, 3 is box3, 9 is box9, 8 is box8, 2 is box2, 4 is box4.
                    red: [7,6,2,8,9] -> 7 is box7, 6 is box6, 2 is box2, 8 is box8, 9 is box9.
                Common: 6,2,8,9 -> 4 nodes.

                Then total distinct = 7+5-4 = 8.

            Therefore, the answer is 8.

            What is the error in our algorithm? 

            Our algorithm for blue: 
                We built L_blue: 
                    start at Q0[9] (X0=9) = 4? -> no: 
                    We built: 
                        L_blue = []
                        cur = Q0[X0] = Q0[9] = 4   (because Q0: index9 -> 4? Actually, the permutation Q0: 
                            Q0 = [6,3,8,9,5,2,0,1,7,4]  -> for index9: the 10th element? But our array Q0 has indices 0..9. 
                            Actually, we built Q0 from the input: 
                                Input: 7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5 -> converted to 0-indexed: 
                                element1:7-1=6, element2:4-1=3, element3:9-1=8, element4:10-1=9, element5:6-1=5, element6:3-1=2, element7:1-1=0, element8:2-1=1, element9:8-1=7, element10:5-1=4.
                            So Q0[9] = the 10th element? In 0-indexed, the array index9 is the 10th element -> 4.
                    Then L_blue = [4,5,2,3]? 

                But the full cycle is: 
                    [10 (index9), 5 (index4), 6 (index5), 3 (index2), 9 (index8), 8 (index7), 2 (index1), 4 (index3)]? 
                Then to build L_blue: 
                    We start at Q0[9]=4 (index4) -> then 5 (Q0[4]=5) -> then 2 (Q0[5]=2) -> then 3 (Q0[2]=3) -> then 9 (Q0[3]=9) -> then stop? 
                But our loop condition: 
                    while cur != X0 (9) -> so we stop when we hit 9? But the next after 3 is 9? Then we stop and do not include 9? 
                Then L_blue = [4,5,2,3]? 

                But the blue token at 5 (box6) is at index5? 
                The path for the blue token at 5 (index5) should be: 
                    start at 5 -> then Q0[5]=2 (index1) -> then Q0[1]=3 (index3) -> then Q0[3]=9 (X0) -> then done.
                The nodes: 5,1,3? 

                But our L_blue is [4,5,2,3]? 
                And the token at 5: then the suffix starting from 5: [5,2,3]? 
                But the correct path nodes are 5,1,3? 

            Why the discrepancy? 

            The cycle in Q: 
                The cycle containing X0=9: 
                    The nodes: 9,4,5,2,3,8,7,1? 
                Actually, let me list the cycle in the forward direction: 
                    Start at 9: 
                        9 -> Q0[9]=4 -> 4
                        4 -> Q0[4]=5 -> 5
                        5 -> Q0[5]=2 -> 2   (but 2 is index1? Actually, box2 is index1? But we use indices: the box i is index i-1? Actually, no: we are using 0-indexed: box1 is index0, box2 is index1, box3 is index2, ... box10 is index9.

                But then: 
                    2 (index1) -> Q0[1]=3 -> 3 (which is box4? index3)
                    3 (index3) -> Q0[3]=9 -> 9 -> stop? 

                Then the cycle is 9->4->5->1->3->9? 

                But the full cycle should be: 
                    9->4->5->1->3->9? 
                But then where are 6,7,8,2? 

            I think I made a mistake in the permutation storage.

            How did we store Q0? 
                Input: "7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5" 
                This is: 
                    Box1:7 -> stored at Q0[0]
                    Box2:4 -> stored at Q0[1]
                    Box3:9 -> stored at Q0[2]
                    Box4:10-> stored at Q0[3]
                    Box5:6-> stored at Q0[4]
                    Box6:3-> stored at Q0[5]
                    Box7:1-> stored at Q0[6]
                    Box8:2-> stored at Q0[7]
                    Box9:8-> stored at Q0[8]
                    Box10:5-> stored at Q0[9]

                So Q0 = [6,3,8,9,5,2,0,1,7,4] -> 
                    Box1 (index0) -> 6
                    Box2 (index1) -> 3
                    Box3 (index2) -> 8
                    Box4 (index3) -> 9
                    Box5 (index4) -> 5
                    Box6 (index5) -> 2
                    Box7 (index6) -> 0
                    Box8 (index7) -> 1
                    Box9 (index8) -> 7
                    Box10 (index9) -> 4

            Then the cycle for 9 (index9): 
                Start at 9 (index9) -> next = Q0[9]=4 -> box5 (index4)
                Then at 4 (index4) -> next = Q0[4]=5 -> box6 (index5)
                Then at 5 (index5) -> next = Q0[5]=2 -> box3 (index2)? Actually, 2 is the value, but that means next is index2? 
                But no: the value 2 is the next box? But we stored the next box (1-indexed) minus 1, so it's 0-indexed next box index? 

                Actually, Q0[i] = the next box index (0-indexed) for a ball in box i.

            Therefore, 
                from 9 (index9) -> to 4 (because Q0[9]=4) -> box5 (which is index4)
                from index4 -> to 5 (because Q0[4]=5) -> box6 (index5)
                from index5 -> to 2 (because Q0[5]=2) -> that means box3? (index2)
                from index2 -> to 8 (because Q0[2]=8) -> box9 (index8)
                from index8 -> to 7 (because Q0[8]=7) -> box8 (index7)
                from index7 -> to 1 (because Q0[7]=1) -> box2 (index1)
                from index1 -> to 3 (because Q0[1]=3) -> box4 (index3)
                from index3 -> to 9 (because Q0[3]=9) -> box10 (index9)

            Then the cycle: [9,4,5,2,8,7,1,3]? 

            Then L_blue: 
                start at Q0[9]=4 (index4) -> append 4
                then Q0[4]=5 (index5) -> append 5
                then Q0[5]=2 (index2) -> append 2
                then Q0[2]=8 (index8) -> append 8
                then Q0[8]=7 (index7) -> append 7
                then Q0[7]=1 (index1) -> append 1
                then Q0[1]=3 (index3) -> append 3
                then Q0[3]=9 -> stop.
                L_blue = [4,5,2,8,7,1,3]

            Then the blue tokens: 
                at 4 (box5) and 5 (box6) -> indices 4 and 5.
                In L_blue: 
                    index4: the first occurrence? 
                    Actually, we stored the nodes (the indices) in L_blue: 
                        L_blue = [4,5,2,8,7,1,3]
                    Then the token 4 (the index4) -> the first element is 4? 
                    token 5: the second element is 5? 
                Then min_index_blue = 0? 
                Then S_blue = the whole list: [4,5,2,8,7,1,3] -> 7 distinct nodes.

            For red: 
                P0 = [0,3,8,4,7,1,2,5,9,6]
                The cycle for 9 (index9): 
                    start at 9: 
                        P0[9]=6 (index6) -> box7
                        P0[6]=2 (index2) -> box3
                        P0[2]=8 (index8) -> box9
                        P0[8]=9 (index9) -> back to 9? 
                    Actually: 
                        9->6->2->8->9.
                Then L_red = [6,2,8] (0-indexed indices)

                Then for red tokens: at 6 and 8 (box7 and box9) -> 
                    token 6: at index6? But our L_red = [6,2,8] -> the nodes are indices: 6,2,8.
                    token 8: index8 -> last element? index2 in L_red.
                Then min_index_red = 0? 
                S_red = [6,2,8]

            Then total_set = {6,2,8} ∪ {4,5,2,8,7,1,3} = {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} -> 8.

            That matches.

            The mistake: 
                In our initial sample input 4, we had a different permutation storage? 

            Therefore, the algorithm is correct.

            But why did we get 6 earlier? Because we used a different Q0? 
                Earlier for Q0, we did: 
                    Q0 = [6,3,8,9,5,2,0,1,7,4] 
                But that is correct for the given input.

            And then the cycle for blue: 
                start at 9: 
                    Q0[9]=4 -> index4
                    Q0[4]=5 -> index5
                    Q0[5]=2 -> index2
                    Q0[2]=8 -> index8
                    Q0[8]=7 -> index7
                    Q0[7]=0 -> index0
                    Q0[0]=6 -> index6
                    Q0[6]=0? Actually, no: Q0[6]=0 -> then next is 0: 
                    Q0[0]=6 -> then next is 6: 
                This is an infinite loop? 

            Actually, the input for Q: 
                "7 4 9 10 6 3 1 2 8 5" 
                means: 
                    Q1=7 -> box1 sends to box7
                    Q2=4 -> box2 sends to box4
                    ...
                Then the cycle: 
                    box10:5 -> box10 sends to box5
                    box5:6 -> box5 sends to box6
                    box6:3 -> box6 sends to box3
                    box3:9 -> box3 sends to box9
                    box9:8 -> box9 sends to box8
                    box8:2 -> box8 sends to box2
                    box2:4 -> box2 sends to box4
                    box4:10 -> box4 sends to box10
                Then the cycle: 10->5->6->3->9->8->2->4->10.

            In 0-indexed: 
                box10: index9 -> sends to box5 (index4)
                box5: index4 -> sends to box6 (index5)
                box6: index5 -> sends to box3 (index2)
                box3: index2 -> sends to box9 (index8)
                box9: index8 -> sends to box8 (index7)
                box8: index7 -> sends to box2 (index1)
                box2: index1 -> sends to box4 (index3)
                box4: index3 -> sends to box10 (index9)

            Therefore, the cycle: 
                indices: 9->4->5->2->8->7->1->3->9.

            Therefore, to build L_blue: 
                start at Q0[9]=4 (index4) -> append 4
                then Q0[4]=5 (index5) -> append 5
                then Q0[5]=2 (index2) -> append 2
                then Q0[2]=8 (index8) -> append 8
                then Q0[8]=7 (index7) -> append 7
                then Q0[7]=1 (index1) -> append 1
                then Q0[1]=3 (index3) -> append 3
                then Q0[3]=9 (index9) -> stop.

            L_blue = [4,5,2,8,7,1,3] -> 7 nodes.

            Then the blue tokens: indices 4 and 5? 
                In L_blue: 
                    4: first occurrence at index0
                    5: at index1
                Then min_index_blue=0 -> S_blue = the whole list.

            For red: 
                We did: 
                    P0 = [0,3,8,4,7,1,2,5,9,6]
                Then the cycle: 
                    start at 9: 
                        P0[9]=6 (index6) -> append 6
                        P0[6]=2 (index2) -> append 2
                        P0[2]=8 (index8) -> append 8
                        P0[8]=9 (index9) -> stop.
                    L_red = [6,2,8]

            Then total_set = {6,2,8} ∪ {4,5,2,8,7,1,3} = {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} -> 8.

            Therefore, the algorithm is correct.

            The earlier mistake was in manually creating the permutation arrays.

            We should create the permutations from the input directly as a list of integers (then subtract 1 for each).

            Therefore, final code:

            Note: the cycle_red and cycle_blue sets we built earlier are not used in the list building? We only use them to check that the tokens are in the cycle. 

            We build the lists L_red and L_blue from the permutations and starting from the next of X0.

            We'll write the code accordingly.

            Let me test on sample input 1 with 0-indexed:

                n=5, X0=2 (X=3)
                A = [0,1,0,1,0] -> tokens: indices 1 and 3.
                B = [0,0,1,0,1] -> tokens: indices 2 and 4. But skip 2? because it's X0? Then only 4? 
                P0 = [3,0,1,2,4]   # because input: 4 1 2 3 5 -> subtract 1: [3,0,1,2,4]
                Q0 = [2,3,4,1,0]   # input: 3 4 5 2 1 -> [2,3,4,1,0]

                For red: 
                    cycle_red: 
                        start at 2: 
                            next_node = P0[2]=1 -> add 1
                            next_node = P0[1]=0 -> add 0
                            next_node = P0[0]=3 -> add 3
                            next_node = P0[3]=2 -> back to 2? 
                        cycle_red = {2,1,0,3}  (but we only need to check the tokens: 1 and 3 -> both in it)
                    L_red: 
                        start at P0[2]=1 -> append 1
                        then P0[1]=0 -> append 0
                        then P0[0]=3 -> append 3
                        then P0[3]=2 -> stop.
                        L_red = [1,0,3]
                    tokens: 1 and 3 -> 
                        in L_red_map: 
                            1:0, 0:1, 3:2
                        min_index_red = min(0,2)=0 -> S_red = [1,0,3]

                For blue: 
                    cycle_blue: 
                        start at 2: 
                            next_node = Q0[2]=4 -> add 4
                            next_node = Q0[4]=0 -> add 0
                            next_node = Q0[0]=2 -> back to 2? 
                        cycle_blue = {2,4,0}
                    But blue tokens: only 4? (because token at 2 is skipped) -> 4 in cycle_blue? yes.
                    L_blue: 
                        start at Q0[2]=4 -> append 4
                        then Q0[4]=0 -> append 0
                        then Q0[0]=2 -> stop.
                        L_blue = [4,0]
                    token 4: in L_blue_map: 4->0, 0->1 -> min_index_blue=0 -> S_blue = [4,0]

                total_set = {1,0,3} ∪ {4,0} = {0,1,3,4} -> 4.

                Output 4.

            It matches.

            Therefore, we'll write the code accordingly.

            One more: sample input 3: 
                n=2, X0=1 (X=2)
                A = [1,1] -> tokens: 0 and 1? 
                But skip X0=1? Then red_tokens: only 0? 
                Check: for token 0: 
                    cycle_red: 
                        P0: [0,1] -> for 0: P0[0]=0 -> cycle: [0] -> does it contain X0=1? no -> then output -1.

            It matches.

            Code:

            We'll now write the code accordingly.

            Note: if there are no red tokens (or blue tokens), then the min_index_red (or blue) remains inf and the corresponding set is empty.

            Let me run the code on sample input 2: 
                n=5, X0=2
                A = [0,0,0,0,0] -> no red token
                B = [0,0,0,0,0] -> no blue token
                Then we build L_red and L_blue, but then min_index_red and min_index_blue are inf -> sets are empty -> output 0.

            It matches.

            We'll write the code.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
To solve this problem, we need to determine whether it's possible for Takahashi to achieve a state where all boxes except the X-th box contain no balls by performing a series of operations. If possible, we also need to find the minimum number of operations required.

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The problem involves moving balls from boxes according to given permutations. Each operation on a box moves all its red balls to another box specified by permutation P and all its blue balls to another box specified by permutation Q. The goal is to concentrate all balls into the X-th box while ensuring all other boxes are empty.

2. **Key Insight**: Each ball (red or blue) must follow a path defined by the respective permutation (P for red, Q for blue) to reach the X-th box. For this to be possible, each ball's initial position must be in the same cycle as X in their respective permutation graphs. If any ball is not in such a cycle, it's impossible to achieve the goal.

3. **Cycle Detection**: For each permutation (P and Q), we identify the cycle containing X. This helps in determining the path each ball must traverse to reach X.

4. **Path Construction**: For each ball not initially at X, we determine the path from its initial position to the node just before X in the cycle. The union of all nodes in these paths (excluding X) gives the set of boxes that need to be activated (operated) at least once.

5. **Minimizing Operations**: The minimum number of operations is the size of the union of all nodes in the paths of all balls (red and blue) that are not initially at X. Each node in this union must be activated once to move the balls towards X.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    if not data:
        return
    
    n = int(data[0])
    X = int(data[1])
    X0 = X - 1
    
    A = list(map(int, data[2:2+n]))
    B = list(map(int, data[2+n:2+2*n]))
    P_input = list(map(int, data[2+2*n:2+3*n]))
    Q_input = list(map(int, data[2+3*n:2+4*n]))
    
    P0 = [x-1 for x in P_input]
    Q0 = [x-1 for x in Q_input]
    
    def get_cycle_set(perm, start):
        cycle_set = set()
        cur = start
        cycle_set.add(cur)
        next_node = perm[cur]
        while next_node != start:
            cycle_set.add(next_node)
            cur = next_node
            next_node = perm[cur]
        return cycle_set

    cycle_red = get_cycle_set(P0, X0)
    cycle_blue = get_cycle_set(Q0, X0)
    
    red_tokens_indices = [i for i in range(n) if A[i] == 1 and i != X0]
    blue_tokens_indices = [i for i in range(n) if B[i] == 1 and i != X0]
    
    for i in red_tokens_indices:
        if i not in cycle_red:
            print(-1)
            return
            
    for i in blue_tokens_indices:
        if i not in cycle_blue:
            print(-1)
            return
            
    L_red = []
    cur = P0[X0]
    while cur != X0:
        L_red.append(cur)
        cur = P0[cur]
        
    L_blue = []
    cur = Q0[X0]
    while cur != X0:
        L_blue.append(cur)
        cur = Q0[cur]
        
    L_red_map = {}
    for idx, node in enumerate(L_red):
        L_red_map[node] = idx
        
    L_blue_map = {}
    for idx, node in enumerate(L_blue):
        L_blue_map[node] = idx
        
    min_index_red = float('inf')
    for token in red_tokens_indices:
        if token in L_red_map:
            min_index_red = min(min_index_red, L_red_map[token])
            
    min_index_blue = float('inf')
    for token in blue_tokens_indices:
        if token in L_blue_map:
            min_index_blue = min(min_index_blue, L_blue_map[token])
            
    S_red = L_red[int(min_index_red):] if min_index_red != float('inf') else []
    S_blue = L_blue[int(min_index_blue):] if min_index_blue != float('inf') else []
    
    total_set = set(S_red) | set(S_blue)
    print(len(total_set))

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Input Parsing**: The input is read and parsed into the number of boxes (N), the target box (X), and the initial distributions of red (A) and blue (B) balls, along with the permutations P and Q for moving the balls.
2. **Cycle Detection**: For each permutation (P and Q), the cycle containing the target box X is identified. This helps in determining the paths balls must take to reach X.
3. **Feasibility Check**: For each ball not initially at X, we check if its initial position is in the same cycle as X in their respective permutation. If any ball fails this check, the solution is deemed impossible (-1).
4. **Path Construction**: The paths from each ball's initial position to the node just before X in their respective cycles are constructed. The nodes in these paths are stored in lists (L_red and L_blue).
5. **Minimum Operations Calculation**: The earliest occurrence of each ball's initial position in their respective path lists is found. The union of nodes from the suffixes of these paths (starting at the earliest occurrences) forms the set of boxes that need activation. The size of this union gives the minimum number of operations required.