=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given two integers, n and threshold, as well as a directed weighted graph of n nodes numbered from 0 to n - 1. The graph is represented by a 2D integer array edges, where edges[i] = [A_i, B_i, W_i] indicates that there is an edge going from node A_i to node B_i with weight W_i.
You have to remove some edges from this graph (possibly none), so that it satisfies the following conditions:

Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes.
The maximum edge weight in the resulting graph is minimized.
Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges.

Return the minimum possible value of the maximum edge weight after removing the necessary edges. If it is impossible for all conditions to be satisfied, return -1.
 
Example 1:

Input: n = 5, edges = [[1,0,1],[2,0,2],[3,0,1],[4,3,1],[2,1,1]], threshold = 2
Output: 1
Explanation:

Remove the edge 2 -> 0. The maximum weight among the remaining edges is 1.

Example 2:

Input: n = 5, edges = [[0,1,1],[0,2,2],[0,3,1],[0,4,1],[1,2,1],[1,4,1]], threshold = 1
Output: -1
Explanation: 
It is impossible to reach node 0 from node 2.

Example 3:

Input: n = 5, edges = [[1,2,1],[1,3,3],[1,4,5],[2,3,2],[3,4,2],[4,0,1]], threshold = 1
Output: 2
Explanation: 

Remove the edges 1 -> 3 and 1 -> 4. The maximum weight among the remaining edges is 2.

Example 4:

Input: n = 5, edges = [[1,2,1],[1,3,3],[1,4,5],[2,3,2],[4,0,1]], threshold = 1
Output: -1

 
Constraints:

2 <= n <= 10^5
1 <= threshold <= n - 1
1 <= edges.length <= min(10^5, n * (n - 1) / 2).
edges[i].length == 3
0 <= A_i, B_i < n
A_i != B_i
1 <= W_i <= 10^6
There may be multiple edges between a pair of nodes, but they must have unique weights.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python
class Solution:
    def minMaxWeight(self, n: int, edges: List[List[int]], threshold: int) -> int:
        
```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We are given a directed weighted graph with n nodes (0..n-1). We need to remove some edges (possibly none) so that:

1. Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes. That is, for every node v, there is a directed path from v to node 0 in the resulting graph. So the graph must have the property that 0 is a sink reachable from all nodes. Equivalent: In the resulting graph, there must be a directed path from each node to 0.

2. The maximum edge weight in the resulting graph is minimized. We want to choose which edges to keep (subject to constraints) to minimize the maximum weight among kept edges. This is reminiscent of minimizing the maximum weight in a subgraph that satisfies connectivity constraints.

3. Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges. That is, for each node v, the number of outgoing edges kept from v is <= threshold.

We need to return the minimum possible value of the maximum edge weight, or -1 if impossible.

Observations: The graph is directed. We need to ensure that from every node, there is a directed path to 0. This is like a "reverse" reachability: we can think of reversing edges and ensuring that from 0 we can reach all nodes. But careful: The condition is "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." That means for each node v, there exists a directed path v -> ... -> 0. In the reversed graph, that would be 0 -> ... -> v. So if we reverse all edges, the condition becomes: In the reversed graph, node 0 can reach all nodes. So we can consider the reversed graph for connectivity purposes. However, the outgoing edge constraint is on the original direction: each node's outgoing edges (original direction) must be <= threshold. In the reversed graph, that would be incoming edges constraint. So it's easier to keep original direction.

We need to select a subset of edges such that:

- For each node v != 0, there is at least one outgoing edge (or path) leading eventually to 0. But we don't necessarily need each node to have an outgoing edge; they could have a path that goes through intermediate nodes. However, the path must exist. So the subgraph must be such that 0 is a universal sink (every node can reach 0). This is like a "rooted arborescence" but not necessarily a tree; it could have cycles and multiple paths, as long as reachability holds.

- Out-degree constraint: each node's out-degree (number of kept outgoing edges) <= threshold.

We want to minimize the maximum weight among kept edges.

We can think of this as: we need to assign to each node (except 0) at least one outgoing edge that eventually leads to 0, but also we can keep extra edges as long as out-degree <= threshold. But we want to minimize max weight, so we'd like to keep only edges with low weight, but we need connectivity.

This is reminiscent of a problem: given a directed graph, find a subgraph where each node (except root) has out-degree at most 1 (like a functional graph) that ensures all nodes can reach root, and minimize max edge weight. But here threshold can be >1, so we can have multiple outgoing edges per node.

However, we can always choose to keep only one outgoing edge per node (like a directed tree pointing towards root) to satisfy connectivity, as long as threshold >=1. But threshold may be 1, so we are forced to have out-degree exactly 1 for each node except 0 (0 may have outgoing edges but they are not needed for connectivity to 0 from others; but 0's outgoing edges could be kept but they don't affect reachability to 0 from others, but they count towards its out-degree constraint). However, we might need to keep some extra edges to satisfy the out-degree constraint? No, we can keep zero outgoing edges from 0. So for nodes other than 0, we need at least one outgoing edge to eventually reach 0. So out-degree at least 1 for each node v != 0. But threshold might be 1, so then each node must have exactly one outgoing edge (if we keep only one). That yields a functional graph where each node has exactly one outgoing edge, and the graph must be such that all nodes eventually reach 0. That is essentially a directed tree (or forest) rooted at 0, but with each node having exactly one outgoing edge (pointing towards root). This is a reverse arborescence: each node (except root) has exactly one outgoing edge, and the graph is acyclic (if there is a cycle not containing 0, then nodes in cycle cannot reach 0). So the subgraph must be a directed tree (or a set of trees) all pointing to 0, but since each node has exactly one outgoing edge, the structure is a set of directed trees where edges point towards the root 0. That's essentially a spanning arborescence (branching) with root 0, where each node except 0 has exactly one parent (outgoing edge to its parent). But note direction: In a typical arborescence, edges are directed from root to leaves. Here we need edges directed towards root. So it's a "in-arborescence" or "anti-arborescence". But we can reverse edges: If we reverse all edges, then we need a spanning arborescence from root 0 to all nodes (each node except root has exactly one incoming edge). That's a standard directed spanning tree (arborescence) rooted at 0. So the problem reduces to: Find a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at 0 in the reversed graph, with each node (original) having out-degree <= threshold. But in the reversed graph, the out-degree constraint becomes in-degree constraint? Let's be careful.

Original: For each node v, we keep some outgoing edges. In the reversed graph, those become incoming edges to v. So the constraint "out-degree <= threshold" in original becomes "in-degree <= threshold" in reversed graph. Because if we reverse edges, an edge v->u becomes u->v, so the outgoing edges from v become incoming edges to v in reversed graph. So the constraint becomes: In the reversed graph, each node's in-degree <= threshold.

And the connectivity condition: In original, all nodes can reach 0. In reversed, 0 can reach all nodes. So we need a subgraph (in reversed) where 0 can reach all nodes, and each node's in-degree <= threshold. And we want to minimize the maximum edge weight (weights unchanged). This seems more standard: we need a spanning arborescence (or more generally a directed spanning structure) from root 0 to all nodes, with in-degree constraints, minimizing max edge weight.

But note: In the reversed graph, we need to ensure that from 0 we can reach all nodes. That is a directed reachability condition. The simplest way to ensure that is to have a directed spanning tree rooted at 0 (each node except 0 has exactly one incoming edge from its parent). That would give in-degree 1 for all nodes except 0 (in-degree 0). That satisfies in-degree <= threshold if threshold >=1. But threshold could be >1, so we could have more edges, but they would increase max weight potentially, so we wouldn't add them if we want to minimize max weight. However, sometimes we might need to use edges that have higher weight because low-weight edges might not allow a spanning tree due to direction constraints. For example, if threshold is 1, we must have exactly one incoming edge per node (except root) in the reversed graph. That is exactly a spanning arborescence. So the problem becomes: Find a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at 0 in the reversed graph, minimizing the maximum edge weight among the selected edges. But wait: In the original problem, we are allowed to remove edges, not necessarily keep a tree; we can keep extra edges as long as out-degree <= threshold. But keeping extra edges could potentially allow us to use lower max weight? Actually, extra edges can only increase the max weight if they have higher weight than the current max, but they could be lower weight? If we already have a set of edges that gives connectivity, the max weight is determined by the highest weight among kept edges. Adding more edges might increase the max if they have higher weight, but we can choose not to add them. So we would never add an edge that increases the max weight beyond what is necessary. So the optimal solution will be a minimal set of edges that satisfies the constraints, and we can assume it's a forest where each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge (original) leading towards 0, because having more than one outgoing edge would be redundant and could only increase max weight if we include an extra edge with weight possibly higher than necessary, but we could simply omit it. However, there is a nuance: The out-degree constraint is an upper bound, not a lower bound. So we can have out-degree less than threshold. So we can always choose to have exactly one outgoing edge per node (except 0) if that suffices for connectivity. But is it always possible to have a subgraph where each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge and all nodes reach 0? That is exactly a functional graph where each node points to some other node, and the only sink is 0 (since 0 must be reachable from all, 0 cannot have an outgoing edge that leads away? Actually 0 could have outgoing edges, but they are not needed. If 0 has an outgoing edge, that could create cycles that include 0, but that's okay as long as all nodes can still reach 0. However, if we give each node exactly one outgoing edge, then the graph consists of cycles with trees feeding into them. For all nodes to reach 0, 0 must be the unique sink in the functional graph, meaning that following outgoing edges from any node eventually reaches 0. That implies that the functional graph is a rooted tree directed towards 0, but with edges pointing towards 0? Wait: In a functional graph (each node has exactly one outgoing edge), the structure is a set of cycles with trees feeding into the cycles. For all nodes to eventually reach 0, 0 must be in a cycle? Actually, if each node has exactly one outgoing edge, then starting from any node and following outgoing edges, you eventually enter a cycle. To reach 0, 0 must be on that cycle, and the cycle must be such that from any node you eventually get to that cycle and then to 0. But if 0 is on a cycle, then following outgoing edges from 0 leads somewhere else, and then eventually back to 0. That would mean 0 has an outgoing edge to some node, and that node eventually leads back to 0. But then from that node, you can reach 0, so it's okay. However, does that satisfy "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes"? Yes, if 0 is on a cycle, then from any node, following outgoing edges you eventually get to the cycle containing 0, and then to 0. But note: If 0 has an outgoing edge, then from 0 you can go to some other node, but that doesn't affect reachability to 0 from others. So it's allowed. But is it necessary to give 0 an outgoing edge? Not necessarily; we could set 0's out-degree to 0. In a functional graph, if we set 0's outgoing edge to itself? That would be a self-loop, but self-loops are not allowed (edges from a node to itself are not present per constraints: A_i != B_i). So 0 cannot have a self-loop. So if we require each node (including 0?) to have exactly one outgoing edge, 0 would need an outgoing edge to some node, which would then need to eventually lead back to 0 to avoid a sink. That creates a cycle containing 0. That's possible. But we are not forced to give 0 an outgoing edge because the out-degree constraint is only an upper bound; we can have 0 with out-degree 0. So we can set 0's out-degree to 0. Then for all other nodes, we give exactly one outgoing edge. This yields a directed forest where each node points to some other node, and since there is no cycle (because if there were a cycle not containing 0, nodes in that cycle cannot reach 0), the graph must be a directed tree (or collection of trees) with all edges pointing towards 0, and 0 is the root with no outgoing edge. That is a spanning arborescence in the reversed sense: each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge (original) that leads towards 0. This is equivalent to a spanning arborescence in the reversed graph where each node (except 0) has exactly one incoming edge from its parent. So indeed, the optimal solution can be assumed to be a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at 0 in the reversed graph, with the additional constraint that in the original graph, each node's out-degree <= threshold, which translates to in-degree <= threshold in reversed graph. In a tree, each node (except root) has in-degree exactly 1, root has in-degree 0. So in-degree constraint is satisfied if threshold >= 1. If threshold = 0, but threshold >=1 per constraints (1 <= threshold). So for threshold >=1, a spanning tree always satisfies in-degree <= threshold (since in-degree <=1). However, there is a catch: In the reversed graph, we need to select edges such that from 0 we can reach all nodes. A spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) is one way, but could there be a solution that is not a tree but uses fewer edges? A tree uses exactly n-1 edges. Any solution must have at least n-1 edges to connect n nodes in a directed sense (since we need each node (except root) to have at least one incoming edge to be reachable from root? Actually, in reversed graph, to have 0 reach all nodes, we need a spanning arborescence; the minimal number of edges is n-1 (a directed spanning tree). So any solution must have at least n-1 edges. So a tree is minimal. Could a non-tree solution allow a lower maximum weight? Possibly if the tree must include a high-weight edge, but by adding extra edges we could avoid using that high-weight edge? But the tree already uses exactly n-1 edges; if we add extra edges, we still have to include the high-weight edge if it's needed for connectivity? Actually, if we have a set of edges that ensures connectivity, we could possibly have multiple incoming edges to some nodes, and we might be able to choose a different set of edges that doesn't include a particular high-weight edge, but still ensures connectivity. The set of edges we keep is our choice. We are not forced to use a tree; we can use a graph that is not a tree. However, if there exists a spanning tree with max weight W, then we can achieve max weight W. If the minimal possible max weight over all subsets satisfying constraints is W*, then there exists some subgraph with max weight W*. We can always remove edges from that subgraph while preserving connectivity? Not necessarily: removing edges could break connectivity. But we could potentially remove some edges and still maintain connectivity, possibly reducing max weight if we remove the highest weight edge and still have connectivity via other paths. So the optimal subgraph will be minimal in the sense that no edge can be removed without breaking connectivity or violating out-degree constraints? But out-degree constraints are upper bounds, so removing edges only helps satisfy them. So we can assume the optimal subgraph is such that each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge? Not necessarily; it could have more than one, but if it has more than one, we could try to remove some edges and see if connectivity still holds. However, if a node has two outgoing edges, perhaps both are needed because one leads to 0 via a path that uses a high-weight edge, and the other leads via a low-weight edge? Actually, if a node has two outgoing edges, you could keep only one of them and still have a path to 0, provided that the kept edge leads to a node that can reach 0. But if you keep only one, you might break connectivity for other nodes that rely on that edge? No, each node's own path to 0 only depends on its outgoing edges. If a node has two outgoing edges, you can choose one that leads to 0 (if both do, you can drop one). So you can always reduce out-degree to 1 for each node (except 0) as long as there exists at least one outgoing edge that leads to 0. However, there might be a situation where a node has two outgoing edges, and if you drop one, some other node might lose its path to 0 because that edge was part of the only path from that other node to 0. But that other node's path to 0 is via its own outgoing edges, not via the outgoing edges of the first node. Actually, consider node A has outgoing edges to B and C. Node D has an outgoing edge to A. If we drop A->B, but keep A->C, then D can still go D->A->C... and then to 0 if C can reach 0. So dropping A->B doesn't affect D's path. However, if B is only reachable from A and B has no other incoming edges? But B's reachability to 0 is independent; we need B itself to have a path to 0. If we drop A->B, that doesn't affect B's outgoing edges; B still has its own outgoing edges. So B can still reach 0 if it has a path. But if B's only incoming edge is from A, and we drop A->B, then B becomes unreachable from 0 in the reversed graph? Wait, we need to think in original direction: We need every node to be able to reach 0. If we drop A->B, then from B, can B still reach 0? That depends on B's outgoing edges, not on incoming edges. So dropping A->B does not affect B's ability to reach 0, because B's path to 0 starts from B itself, not from A. So indeed, each node's reachability to 0 depends only on its own outgoing edges and the outgoing edges of nodes it can reach. So if we have a node with multiple outgoing edges, we can keep only one that leads to 0 (if at least one does) and drop the others, and all nodes will still be able to reach 0 as long as each node has at least one outgoing edge that eventually leads to 0. So we can always reduce to a functional graph where each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge (or 0 for node 0). However, we must ensure that after reduction, each node still has a path to 0. If we keep exactly one outgoing edge per node, we get a functional graph. For all nodes to reach 0, the functional graph must have 0 as a universal sink (i.e., following outgoing edges always ends at 0). That implies that the functional graph is a directed tree (or forest) with all edges pointing towards 0, and 0 has no outgoing edge (or a self-loop, not allowed). So it's a rooted tree with root 0 and edges directed towards root. This is exactly a spanning arborescence in the reversed graph.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Find a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at 0 in the reversed graph, minimizing the maximum edge weight among the selected edges, subject to the constraint that in the original graph, each node's out-degree <= threshold. But as argued, in a spanning arborescence, each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge in original? Wait careful: In original, we are keeping edges. If we keep exactly one outgoing edge per node (except 0), then in the original graph, each node's out-degree is 1 (or 0 for 0). That satisfies out-degree <= threshold if threshold >= 1. So for threshold >= 1, a spanning arborescence is feasible as long as we can find one. However, threshold might be less than 1? No, threshold >=1. So any spanning arborescence automatically satisfies out-degree constraint (since out-degree <=1 <= threshold). But wait, what about node 0? It may have outgoing edges in the arborescence? In our construction, we set 0's out-degree to 0. But could the arborescence include an edge from 0 to some node? That would be an outgoing edge from 0. In a functional graph with exactly one outgoing edge per node, 0 would also need an outgoing edge if we include it. But we don't need to give 0 an outgoing edge; we can set 0's out-degree to 0. So the arborescence we select should not include any edge originating from 0. In the reversed graph, that corresponds to not having any edge incoming to 0? Let's be systematic.

We have original graph G. We want to select a set of edges E' ⊆ E such that:

- For every v ≠ 0, there is a directed path from v to 0 in (V, E').

- For every v, out-degree in E' ≤ threshold.

We argue that we can assume E' is a branching (arborescence) towards 0 with each v ≠ 0 having exactly one outgoing edge, and 0 having out-degree 0. This is a directed tree where all edges point towards 0. This is equivalent to a spanning arborescence in the reversed graph G_rev (where each edge u->v becomes v->u) rooted at 0, with each node except 0 having exactly one incoming edge (its parent), and 0 having no incoming edges. In G_rev, the selected edges are the reverses of the selected original edges. So if we select original edges (v -> parent(v)), then in G_rev we have edges (parent(v) -> v). So in G_rev, each node v ≠ 0 has exactly one incoming edge (from its parent), and 0 has no incoming edges. That's a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in G_rev (edges directed away from root). So the problem becomes: Find a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at 0 in G_rev, minimizing the maximum edge weight among the selected edges, with the additional constraint that in the original graph, each node's out-degree ≤ threshold. But in the arborescence, original out-degree of v is 1 if v ≠ 0, and 0 for 0. So as long as threshold ≥ 1, this constraint is automatically satisfied. However, what if threshold is greater than 1? That's fine. So the constraint seems irrelevant for existence of an arborescence? But wait, there is a nuance: The arborescence we construct must use edges that exist in the original graph. In the original graph, we are selecting edges v->parent(v). That means for each node v ≠ 0, we need to choose one outgoing edge from v that leads to some node that eventually reaches 0. That's exactly the arborescence condition. So the problem reduces to: Find a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in the reversed graph (or equivalently, a spanning directed tree towards 0 in original) minimizing the maximum edge weight. This is essentially the problem of finding a minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence (directed) rooted at 0.

But is that always feasible? Not always: There might be no spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in G_rev, i.e., not all nodes are reachable from 0 in G_rev. That corresponds to not all nodes can reach 0 in original. So if in original, some node cannot reach 0 at all (even using all edges), then it's impossible, return -1. So first check: In original graph, is node 0 reachable from every node? That is, for each v, there is a path v -> ... -> 0. If not, return -1. Equivalent to: In G_rev, is every node reachable from 0? So we can compute reachability from 0 in G_rev (or from all nodes to 0 in original). If not all nodes are reachable, answer -1.

Now, assuming reachability, we need to find the minimum possible maximum edge weight in a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in G_rev. This is a classic problem: minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence. For undirected graphs, the minimum bottleneck spanning tree can be found by considering edges in increasing weight and checking connectivity via MST properties. For directed graphs, there is the concept of minimum spanning arborescence (also called optimum branching) which minimizes total weight, but we need min max weight. However, min max weight (bottleneck) can be solved by binary search on the maximum weight W, and check if there exists a spanning arborescence using only edges with weight ≤ W. Because if we can achieve max weight ≤ W, then we can select edges only from those with weight ≤ W. So we need to decide: given a threshold W, can we select a set of edges (with weight ≤ W) such that in original, every node can reach 0 (or in reversed, 0 can reach every node) and out-degree ≤ threshold? But as argued, we can aim for an arborescence using only edges ≤ W, which would automatically satisfy out-degree ≤ threshold if threshold ≥1. However, we must also consider the out-degree constraint: even if we use an arborescence, out-degree is 1 for each node (except 0), which is ≤ threshold if threshold ≥1. So for threshold ≥1, the out-degree constraint is automatically satisfied by any arborescence. But is there any scenario where an arborescence using only edges ≤ W exists, but some node's out-degree would exceed threshold if we try to use that arborescence? No, because out-degree is exactly 1. So it's fine. However, what if threshold is 0? Not allowed. So for threshold ≥1, the out-degree constraint is not restrictive beyond requiring that each node has at most threshold outgoing edges. Since we can always choose an arborescence with out-degree 1, it's fine. But wait: Could there be a case where an arborescence exists but uses an edge from 0 to some node, giving 0 an outgoing edge? That would make out-degree of 0 = 1, which is ≤ threshold (since threshold ≥1). So still fine. So the out-degree constraint seems irrelevant if we can find an arborescence. However, the problem statement includes the out-degree constraint, and examples show that sometimes it's impossible even though reachability holds (Example 2). Let's examine Example 2:

n=5, edges = [[0,1,1],[0,2,2],[0,3,1],[0,4,1],[1,2,1],[1,4,1]], threshold=1.

Original graph: edges from 0 to 1,2,3,4; and from 1 to 2,4. All edges directed away from 0. Node 0 is reachable from all other nodes? Let's see: From node 1, can it reach 0? There is no edge into 0; all edges from 0 go out, but no edge goes into 0. So from 1, there is no path to 0 because all edges go away from 0. Actually, check: edges: 0->1,0->2,0->3,0->4,1->2,1->4. There is no edge that goes to 0. So from any node other than 0, you cannot reach 0 because there is no incoming edge to 0. So it's impossible. The answer is -1. So indeed, reachability fails. So that's consistent.

But Example 4: n=5, edges = [[1,2,1],[1,3,3],[1,4,5],[2,3,2],[4,0,1]], threshold=1. Let's analyze: Original edges: 1->2 (w1), 1->3 (w3), 1->4 (w5), 2->3 (w2), 4->0 (w1). Is node 0 reachable from all nodes? Check: From 0 itself trivial. From 4: 4->0, so yes. From 2: 2->3, then from 3? There's no edge from 3 to anywhere (except maybe from 1->3, but that's into 3). So 2 can go to 3, but from 3 there is no outgoing edge, so cannot reach 0. From 1: 1->2,1->3,1->4. If go 1->4->0, that works, so 1 can reach 0. But 2 cannot. So not all nodes can reach 0, so impossible, answer -1. That matches.

So far, the out-degree constraint didn't cause impossibility beyond reachability. But consider a scenario where reachability holds, but due to out-degree constraint, we cannot select an arborescence because each node must have out-degree at most threshold, but an arborescence gives out-degree 1, which is ≤ threshold if threshold≥1. So still fine. However, what if threshold is 0? Not allowed. So why is the out-degree constraint included? Possibly because there might be cases where an arborescence exists, but it would require some node to have out-degree > threshold if we try to use only edges ≤ some weight? But as argued, an arborescence always has out-degree exactly 1 for non-root nodes, and root may have 0 or 1. So out-degree is at most 1. So if threshold ≥1, it's fine. But threshold could be 1, so out-degree exactly 1 is allowed. So still fine.

But wait: Could there be a scenario where we cannot find an arborescence using only edges ≤ W, but we could find a subgraph that satisfies connectivity and out-degree ≤ threshold using edges ≤ W, even though no arborescence exists? For example, maybe we need to use two outgoing edges from some node to ensure connectivity for other nodes, because a single outgoing edge might not lead to 0 due to direction constraints? But if a node has two outgoing edges, we could still choose one of them as the "main" edge for that node's path to 0, and the other might be necessary for some other node's path? Actually, each node's path to 0 is determined by its own outgoing edges. If a node v has two outgoing edges, say to a and b, and both a and b can reach 0, then v can reach 0 via either. So we only need one. If only one of them leads to 0, we keep that one. So we never need more than one outgoing edge from a node for its own reachability. However, could there be a situation where a node u needs to have an outgoing edge to v, and v needs to have an outgoing edge to u, forming a cycle, to allow both to reach 0? That seems impossible because a cycle without 0 would trap them. So any cycle must include 0. If 0 is in a cycle, then 0 would have an outgoing edge to some node, and that node eventually returns to 0. In that case, each node in the cycle has exactly one outgoing edge (the one in the cycle). That's still out-degree 1. So still fine.

Thus, it appears that the out-degree constraint is not restrictive beyond requiring that each node's out-degree is at most threshold, and since we can always achieve out-degree 1 (or 0 for root) in a feasible solution (if one exists), the constraint is essentially irrelevant as long as threshold ≥ 1. But wait, what about node 0? Could 0 need to have outgoing edges to help other nodes reach 0? No, 0 doesn't need to reach itself. Outgoing edges from 0 are not needed for others to reach 0. However, they could be used to provide a path for other nodes? For a node v to reach 0, it must follow a path that ends at 0. If 0 has outgoing edges, that doesn't help v reach 0; it only helps nodes that are downstream from 0, but those nodes already have a path to 0? Actually, if 0 has an outgoing edge to u, then from u, can u reach 0? Not necessarily; u would need a path back to 0. So 0's outgoing edges are irrelevant for the condition that all nodes can reach 0. They could be part of cycles that include 0, but then nodes in the cycle can reach 0 by following the cycle back to 0. In that case, each node in the cycle (including 0) would have an outgoing edge. So 0's out-degree could be 1. That's allowed if threshold ≥1. So still fine.

So why does the problem include threshold? Possibly because the graph may have multiple edges between nodes with different weights, and the out-degree constraint might force us to choose which outgoing edges to keep, and sometimes we might need to keep more than one outgoing edge from a node to satisfy connectivity for other nodes? Let's think deeper.

Consider a node v that has only one outgoing edge to some node w, but w cannot reach 0. However, v also has an incoming edge from u. If we keep v's outgoing edge to w, then v cannot reach 0. But maybe we could keep an edge from v to some other node? But v only has one outgoing edge. So v cannot reach 0 at all, making the graph infeasible. That's a reachability issue.

Now, consider a node v that has two outgoing edges: one to a node that can reach 0, and one to a node that cannot. We would keep only the one that can reach 0. So out-degree 1.

What about a node v that has only outgoing edges to nodes that cannot reach 0 individually, but if we keep multiple outgoing edges, maybe we can create a path that goes through multiple steps? For v to reach 0, there must be a directed path from v to 0. That path starts with an edge from v to some neighbor x. Then from x, there must be a path to 0. So if no single neighbor x of v has a path to 0, then v cannot reach 0 regardless of how many outgoing edges we keep, because the first step must go to some neighbor, and if none of those neighbors can reach 0, then v cannot. So keeping multiple edges doesn't help if each individual neighbor cannot reach 0. However, could it be that by keeping multiple edges, we enable some neighbor to reach 0 that otherwise couldn't? For example, suppose v has edges to a and b. a has no path to 0 initially, but if we keep an edge from a to b (which exists), and b can reach 0, then a can reach 0 via b. But that depends on a's outgoing edges, not on v's. So v's choice doesn't affect a's ability to reach 0. So still, v only needs one outgoing edge to a node that can reach 0.

Thus, it seems that for each node v ≠ 0, we need to select at least one outgoing edge that leads to a node from which 0 is reachable. This is equivalent to selecting a "parent" for v in a tree towards 0. So the problem reduces to selecting for each node v ≠ 0 a parent p(v) such that there is an edge v->p(v) and from p(v) we can reach 0 (which will be ensured recursively). This is exactly constructing a spanning arborescence in the reversed graph.

Therefore, the out-degree constraint seems redundant for feasibility when threshold >= 1. But wait, what about node 0? If we give 0 an outgoing edge, that would increase its out-degree, but it's not needed. So we can set out-degree of 0 to 0. So out-degree of 0 is 0 ≤ threshold. So fine.

But maybe there is a scenario where an arborescence exists, but it would require some node to have out-degree > threshold because the arborescence might need to use more than one outgoing edge from a node? No, arborescence by definition each node has at most one incoming edge in the reversed graph, which corresponds to at most one outgoing edge in original for each node? Let's double-check mapping.

Original: We want a set of edges such that each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge (the one we choose as its "next" towards 0). That's a functional graph. In such a functional graph, each node has exactly one outgoing edge (except possibly 0). So out-degree is exactly 1 for non-zero nodes. That's ≤ threshold if threshold ≥1. So any functional graph satisfying the reachability condition will have out-degree 1 for non-zero nodes. So if threshold = 1, it's exactly 1, which is allowed. If threshold > 1, it's also allowed. So no issue.

Thus, the out-degree constraint only becomes restrictive if threshold = 0, but that's not allowed. So why is it in the problem? Possibly because the graph may have multiple edges between the same pair with different weights, and the out-degree constraint counts each kept edge separately. If we keep multiple edges from the same node to different children, that would increase out-degree. But we wouldn't do that in an optimal solution because we can drop extra edges. So still not restrictive.

Maybe there is a nuance: The condition "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" does not require that each node has a direct outgoing edge; it only requires existence of a path. However, to minimize the maximum edge weight, we might want to keep some extra edges that are low weight to allow us to avoid using a high-weight edge elsewhere. For example, suppose we have a high-weight edge that is necessary in any arborescence, but by adding an extra low-weight edge from some node, we could reroute the tree to avoid that high-weight edge? But adding an extra edge doesn't remove the need for the high-weight edge; we still need to select a set of edges that provides connectivity. If there exists an arborescence that avoids the high-weight edge, then we can just use that arborescence. If all arborescences must include that high-weight edge, then any connected subgraph must include it? Not necessarily; a non-tree subgraph might avoid that high-weight edge if there is an alternative path that uses multiple edges, but that alternative path would involve other edges, possibly with lower weights. However, if the high-weight edge is the only way to connect a certain part of the graph in terms of cut, then any subgraph that makes 0 reachable from that part must include that edge or some other edge that also connects that part. If there is another edge with lower weight that also connects that part, then we could use that instead. So the bottleneck is determined by the minimum over all spanning arborescences of the maximum edge weight. That is exactly the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence. And it's known that for directed graphs, the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence can be found by considering the minimum weight such that the graph with edges ≤ weight has a spanning arborescence. This is because if we can achieve max weight W, then there exists a spanning arborescence using only edges ≤ W (since we can take any spanning arborescence in the subgraph of edges ≤ W). Conversely, if there is a spanning arborescence with max weight W, then obviously we can achieve max weight W. So the problem reduces to: find the smallest W such that the subgraph induced by edges with weight ≤ W contains a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 (in the reversed graph) (or equivalently, in original, every node can reach 0 using only edges ≤ W). But careful: In original, we need every node to reach 0. If we restrict to edges ≤ W, we need that for each node v, there is a path from v to 0 using only edges ≤ W. That's equivalent to: In the reversed graph, from 0 we can reach all nodes using only edges ≤ W. So we can binary search W and check if 0 can reach all nodes in G_rev using edges with weight ≤ W. However, is that sufficient? Let's test with Example 3.

Example 3: n=5, edges = [[1,2,1],[1,3,3],[1,4,5],[2,3,2],[3,4,2],[4,0,1]], threshold = 1. Output: 2.

Let's compute. Original edges: 1->2 (1), 1->3 (3), 1->4 (5), 2->3 (2), 3->4 (2), 4->0 (1). We need all nodes to reach 0. Check reachability: 4->0 directly. 3->4->0, so 3 can reach 0 via 3->4 (2) and 4->0 (1). 2->3->4->0, so 2 can reach 0 via 2->3 (2) etc. 1 can go 1->2->3->4->0 (weights 1,2,2,1) or 1->4->0 (5,1) or 1->3->4->0 (3,2,1). So all can reach 0. Now, we want to minimize max edge weight after removing edges, with out-degree ≤1 (threshold=1). Since threshold=1, each node can have at most 1 outgoing edge. So we must select exactly one outgoing edge for each node (except maybe 0) because they need at least one to reach 0, and cannot have more than 1. So we need a functional graph where each node (1,2,3,4) has exactly one outgoing edge, and 0 has 0. And all must reach 0. That means the selected edges must form a directed tree (or a cycle including 0) with all edges pointing towards 0. Since 0 has no outgoing edge, it's a tree rooted at 0 with edges reversed (i.e., each node points to its parent). So we need to choose for each node a parent such that the graph is acyclic and all lead to 0. This is exactly a spanning arborescence in reversed graph.

Now, what is the minimal possible maximum weight? Let's list possible choices:

We must choose an outgoing edge for node 4: only edge is 4->0 weight 1. So that's forced.

Node 3: outgoing edges: 3->4 weight 2, and maybe 3->? Actually edges from 3: only 3->4 weight 2 (since 3->4 is given). Also is there 3->? The list has 3->4, yes. So 3 must take 3->4 (weight 2). So forced.

Node 2: outgoing edges: 2->3 weight 2. Also maybe 2->? Only 2->3. So forced weight 2.

Node 1: outgoing edges: 1->2 weight 1, 1->3 weight 3, 1->4 weight 5. To minimize max weight, we would like to pick 1->2 weight 1. Then the selected edges are: 1->2 (1), 2->3 (2), 3->4 (2), 4->0 (1). Max weight = 2. If we pick 1->3 (3), max=3; 1->4 (5), max=5. So optimal max=2. That matches output.

Now, if we binary search on W and check if using only edges ≤ W, can all nodes reach 0? For W=1, edges ≤1: 1->2 (1), 4->0 (1). Also maybe others? 1->2, 4->0. Also 1->? 1->3 is 3 >1, 1->4 is 5, 2->3 is 2, 3->4 is 2. So only those two edges. With these, can node 2 reach 0? Node 2 has no outgoing edge (since 2->3 weight 2 >1). So 2 cannot reach 0. Node 3 has no outgoing edge. Node 1 can go 1->2, but then stuck. So not all nodes can reach 0. So W=1 fails.

For W=2, edges ≤2: 1->2 (1), 2->3 (2), 3->4 (2), 4->0 (1). Also 1->3 (3) not included, 1->4 (5) not. Now check reachability: 4->0, 3->4->0, 2->3->4->0, 1->2->3->4->0. All can reach 0. So W=2 works. So binary search yields 2. That matches.

Thus, the condition "using only edges ≤ W, can all nodes reach 0?" seems to give the answer. But is that always equivalent to existence of a spanning arborescence with max weight ≤ W? Yes, because if all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W, then we can extract a spanning arborescence (by taking for each node a shortest path or by performing a DFS/BFS from 0 in reversed graph and picking parent pointers). More formally, in the reversed graph, if 0 can reach all nodes using edges ≤ W, then there exists a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 using only those edges (e.g., by taking a BFS tree from 0). That arborescence corresponds to a set of original edges (the reverses) with max weight ≤ W, and out-degree of each node in original will be at most 1 (since each node except 0 will have exactly one incoming edge in the arborescence? Wait, in the reversed graph, the arborescence has each node (except root) with exactly one incoming edge (from its parent). In original, that corresponds to each node (except root) having exactly one outgoing edge? Let's map: Reversed graph edge parent->v corresponds to original edge v->parent. So in the arborescence, for each node v ≠ 0, there is exactly one reversed edge coming into v (from its parent). That means in original, v has an outgoing edge to its parent. So out-degree of v is exactly 1. For node 0, it may have incoming edges in the arborescence? In reversed arborescence, root 0 has no incoming edges, but may have outgoing edges to children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0? Actually, if in reversed graph we have edge 0->v, that corresponds to original edge v->0. So 0's outgoing edges in reversed become incoming edges to 0 in original. In the arborescence, 0 may have outgoing edges to its children. In original, those children have outgoing edges to 0. So 0 itself may have outgoing edges in original? Only if there is an original edge from 0 to somewhere. That would correspond to a reversed edge from somewhere to 0. But in the arborescence, we don't have edges into 0 (since root has no incoming). So original edges from 0 are not used. So 0's out-degree in original is 0. So out-degree constraints are satisfied (0 has 0 ≤ threshold, others have 1 ≤ threshold if threshold≥1). So indeed, if threshold ≥1, the condition reduces to checking if all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W.

But what if threshold is larger than 1? Could we possibly achieve a lower max weight by using a subgraph that is not a tree, where some nodes have out-degree >1, but that allows us to avoid a high-weight edge that would otherwise be forced in any arborescence? Let's think. Suppose there is a node v that has two outgoing edges: one low-weight edge to a node that cannot reach 0 unless we also keep some other edges, and another medium-weight edge to a node that can reach 0. In an arborescence, we would choose the medium-weight edge for v, resulting in max weight at least medium. But maybe by keeping both edges, we could use the low-weight edge for v, and then provide an alternative path for the node that couldn't reach 0 via some other edges, possibly using additional edges that are also low-weight, such that the overall max weight is lower than the medium weight. However, if the low-weight edge leads to a node x that cannot reach 0 using only edges ≤ some lower weight, but by adding extra edges (maybe from x to somewhere else) we can enable x to reach 0, those extra edges might have weights that are also low, so overall max might still be low. But the key is: In an arborescence, we must select exactly one outgoing edge per node (except 0). If we allow multiple outgoing edges, we could select the low-weight edge for v, and also select some other edges to ensure that x can reach 0. But note that x's ability to reach 0 depends on its own outgoing edges, not on v's. So if x cannot reach 0 with only edges ≤ W, then even if we keep v's low-weight edge, x still cannot reach 0 unless we also keep some edges from x that are ≤ W. So the condition for all nodes to reach 0 using edges ≤ W is exactly that for each node, there exists a path to 0 using edges ≤ W. This condition does not depend on how many outgoing edges we keep per node; it's a property of the set of edges we keep. If we keep a superset of edges, we might add edges that enable paths that weren't there before. But if we are restricted to edges ≤ W, the existence of a path from each node to 0 using edges ≤ W is equivalent to the condition that in the subgraph of all edges ≤ W, every node can reach 0. Because if that subgraph already has the property, then we can just keep that whole subgraph (or a subset) and it will satisfy connectivity. But we also have out-degree constraints: keeping the whole subgraph might cause some nodes to have out-degree > threshold. However, if the whole subgraph has the property, we can potentially prune it to reduce out-degree while preserving connectivity, as long as threshold ≥1. Is it always possible to prune to a subgraph where each node has out-degree ≤ threshold (specifically ≤1) while maintaining that every node can reach 0? If threshold ≥1, we can aim for an arborescence, which exists if the whole subgraph has the property that 0 can reach all nodes in reversed graph (i.e., all nodes can reach 0 in original). But does the existence of a path from each node to 0 guarantee the existence of a spanning arborescence? In directed graphs, if from every node there is a path to 0, does that imply there is a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in the reversed graph? Not necessarily. Consider a directed graph where from every node you can reach 0, but there is no single root that can reach all nodes in the reversed graph? Wait, reversed graph: original edges reversed. If in original every node can reach 0, then in reversed graph, 0 can reach every node? Let's check: Original: v -> ... -> 0. Reverse each edge: 0 -> ... -> v. So yes, if there is a path from v to 0 in original, then reversing that path gives a path from 0 to v in reversed. So in reversed graph, 0 can reach every node. So the reversed graph has the property that 0 can reach all nodes. Does that guarantee the existence of a spanning arborescence rooted at 0? In a directed graph, if a root can reach all nodes, does there always exist a spanning arborescence (directed spanning tree) rooted at that node? I think yes, by taking a BFS tree from 0 in the reversed graph. Since 0 can reach all nodes, we can perform a graph traversal (e.g., BFS/DFS) from 0, and for each node first discovered, record the edge used to reach it. That yields a spanning arborescence (each node except root has exactly one incoming edge from the traversal). This is standard: In a directed graph, if a root can reach all vertices, then there exists a spanning arborescence rooted at that root. The proof: Consider the set of edges that are the first edge on some path from the root to each vertex; we can select for each vertex a parent edge from a vertex that is closer to the root. More formally, we can take a shortest path tree (in terms of number of edges) from 0, which gives a spanning arborescence. So yes, if 0 can reach all nodes in the reversed graph, then there is a spanning arborescence using only edges from that graph. Therefore, if the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0 in original (equivalently 0 can reach all nodes in reversed), then there exists a spanning arborescence within that subgraph. That arborescence will have max weight ≤ W and out-degree ≤1 (since each node except root has exactly one outgoing edge in original). So the condition is sufficient.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Find the minimum W such that in the original graph, using only edges with weight ≤ W, every node can reach node 0. If no such W exists (i.e., even using all edges, some node cannot reach 0), return -1.

But wait, what about the out-degree constraint? In the arborescence, each node (except 0) has out-degree exactly 1. That is ≤ threshold only if threshold ≥ 1. Since threshold is at least 1, it's fine. However, what if threshold is exactly 1? Then out-degree exactly 1 is allowed. So still fine. So the out-degree constraint does not affect the feasibility of achieving a given W, as long as threshold ≥ 1. But is there any scenario where threshold is 1, but the arborescence we derive from the subgraph might give node 0 an outgoing edge? In the BFS tree from 0 in reversed graph, 0 may have outgoing edges to its children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's out-degree in original remains 0 because we are not using any original edges from 0. So 0's out-degree is 0, which is ≤1. So fine.

But what about nodes that are not in the arborescence? We are using exactly the arborescence, so all nodes are included. So out-degree of each non-root node is 1. So threshold=1 is satisfied.

Thus, the out-degree constraint seems irrelevant for the minimization, as long as threshold ≥ 1. However, the problem statement includes threshold, and there might be cases where threshold is less than 1? No, threshold >=1. So why include it? Possibly because the graph may have multiple edges between the same pair, and the out-degree constraint could force us to choose at most threshold edges from a node, but since we only need one per node, it's fine. But maybe there is a scenario where the only way to achieve connectivity with max weight W is to use a subgraph where some node must have out-degree >1 because the arborescence might require that node to have out-degree >1? But an arborescence by definition has each node with out-degree (in original) at most 1? Let's double-check: In an arborescence rooted at 0 in reversed graph, each node (except root) has exactly one incoming edge. In original, that corresponds to each node (except root) having exactly one outgoing edge (to its parent). So out-degree is exactly 1 for non-root nodes. So no node has out-degree >1. So if threshold is 1, it's exactly 1, which is allowed. If threshold is larger, it's also allowed. So still fine.

But wait: Could there be a case where the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, but there is no spanning arborescence within that subgraph that respects the out-degree constraint because the out-degree constraint might be lower than 1? No, threshold >=1. So it's fine.

Thus, the problem seems to be simply: find the minimum W such that in the original graph, considering only edges with weight ≤ W, every node can reach node 0. If impossible even with all edges, return -1.

But is that too trivial? Let's test with Example 1: n=5, edges = [[1,0,1],[2,0,2],[3,0,1],[4,3,1],[2,1,1]], threshold=2. Output 1.

Check: All edges: 1->0 (1), 2->0 (2), 3->0 (1), 4->3 (1), 2->1 (1). We need all nodes to reach 0. Using only edges ≤1: edges with weight ≤1: 1->0 (1), 3->0 (1), 4->3 (1), 2->1 (1). Edge 2->0 weight 2 is excluded. Can all nodes reach 0? Node 2: has edge 2->1 (1), then 1->0 (1), so yes. Node 4: 4->3->0, yes. Node 3: 3->0, yes. Node 1: 1->0, yes. So W=1 works. So answer 1. That matches.

Example 2: edges: all from 0 outward, no incoming to 0. With all edges, can nodes reach 0? No. So -1.

Example 3 we already did.

Example 4: edges: 1->2,1->3,1->4,2->3,4->0. With all edges, node 2 cannot reach 0 (2->3, then 3 has no outgoing). So -1.

So far, the simple condition matches all examples.

But wait, there might be a twist: The out-degree constraint could be more restrictive if threshold is less than the out-degree required in any spanning arborescence. But as argued, any spanning arborescence has out-degree exactly 1 for non-root nodes. So threshold must be at least 1. Since threshold >=1, it's fine. However, what about node 0? In some arborescences, 0 might need to have an outgoing edge? No, 0 is the root in reversed, so it has no incoming edges, but it may have outgoing edges in the arborescence (to its children). Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's out-degree in original is 0. So no issue.

But could there be a scenario where the only way to achieve connectivity with max weight W is to use a subgraph that is not a tree, and any spanning arborescence within that subgraph would require using an edge with weight > W? That doesn't make sense: if the subgraph only contains edges ≤ W, any arborescence extracted from it will also have edges ≤ W. So if the subgraph has the property that all nodes can reach 0, then there exists an arborescence within it (by BFS tree) with edges ≤ W. So we can always achieve max weight W with out-degree 1.

Thus, the out-degree constraint seems not affecting the optimal value as long as threshold >=1. But why would the problem include threshold then? Possibly because there is a scenario where threshold is less than the number of outgoing edges needed in any feasible solution, even if each node only needs one outgoing edge? But each node only needs one, so threshold=1 is enough. So if threshold=1, it's fine. If threshold>1, it's also fine. So threshold seems irrelevant for the optimization, only for feasibility when threshold=0 (not allowed). So maybe there is a catch: The condition "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" does not require that each node has a direct outgoing edge; but to ensure reachability, we might need to keep multiple outgoing edges from some node if that node is part of a cycle that includes 0? Let's think: Suppose we have a cycle 0 -> a -> b -> 0. In original, edges: a->b, b->0, and also 0->a? But 0->a would be an outgoing edge from 0. To have all nodes reach 0, we need a to reach 0: a->b->0 works, b->0 works. So each node has exactly one outgoing edge: a->b, b->0, and 0 could have 0 outgoing. That's a tree? Actually it's a cycle if 0 had an outgoing edge to a, but we don't need that. So it's a path a->b->0. So still out-degree 1.

What about a node that has two outgoing edges both necessary for other nodes to reach 0? For instance, consider node v that has edges to a and b. Node a can only reach 0 if it goes through v? That seems impossible because a's path to 0 must start from a, not from v. If a's only outgoing edge is to v, then a can reach 0 only if v can reach 0. So a depends on v's ability to reach 0, not on v's outgoing edges to a. So v's outgoing edges don't affect a's ability to reach 0 directly; they affect v's own ability. So again, v only needs one outgoing edge that leads to 0.

Thus, I'm leaning that the out-degree constraint is essentially irrelevant for the optimization, and the problem reduces to finding the minimum W such that in the original graph restricted to edges ≤ W, every node can reach 0. However, before finalizing, let's consider if there could be a case where the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, but any spanning arborescence extracted from it would cause some node to have out-degree > threshold? But as argued, out-degree in original for non-root nodes is exactly 1 in any arborescence. So if threshold >=1, it's fine. But what if threshold = 1 and the arborescence we extract gives node 0 an outgoing edge? That would be out-degree 1 for 0, which is allowed (threshold=1). But is it possible that the arborescence includes an edge from 0 to some node? In the reversed BFS tree, 0 may have outgoing edges to children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's outgoing edges in original are not used; the arborescence uses original edges from children to 0. So 0's out-degree remains 0. So no issue.

But could the BFS tree in reversed graph include an edge that corresponds to an original edge from 0 to some node? That would be a reversed edge from some node to 0. In the reversed graph, an edge from some node u to 0 corresponds to original edge 0->u. If we include such an edge in the arborescence, that would mean in the reversed tree, 0 has an incoming edge? No, root cannot have incoming edges. In a spanning arborescence rooted at 0, 0 has no incoming edges. So we would never include an edge that points to 0 in the reversed graph, because that would be an incoming edge to the root. The BFS tree from 0 only includes edges that go out from 0 or from nodes discovered later, but never edges that point to 0 because that would create a cycle or an incoming edge to root. Actually, in a BFS tree from root, we only traverse edges outward from discovered nodes. So we never use an edge that goes into an already discovered node? We might, but we typically only add edges that lead to undiscovered nodes. If we encounter an edge that points to an already discovered node (including root), we ignore it. So the resulting tree has no edge pointing to root. So indeed, the arborescence will not include any reversed edge that points to 0, i.e., no original edge from 0. So 0's out-degree stays 0.

Thus, the out-degree constraint is satisfied.

Therefore, the problem seems to be simply: compute the minimum W such that in the original graph, using edges with weight ≤ W, every node can reach node 0. If even using all edges some node cannot reach 0, return -1.

But is that always correct? Let's test with a potential counterexample where threshold is small but >1, but the optimal solution might require a node to have out-degree >1 to achieve a lower max weight? Consider a graph where there is a node v that has two outgoing edges: one low-weight edge to a node that cannot reach 0 unless we also keep an edge from that node to somewhere else, but that edge might be high-weight. However, if we keep both outgoing edges from v, we might be able to use the low-weight edge for v and also keep an extra edge from the neighbor to somewhere else that is low-weight, but that extra edge might increase out-degree of that neighbor. But we could also just use the other outgoing edge from v that is medium-weight, and avoid the high-weight edge from the neighbor. Let's construct a specific scenario.

Suppose n=3. Nodes: 0,1,2. Edges: 1->2 weight 1, 2->0 weight 100, 1->0 weight 50. threshold=1.

We need all nodes to reach 0. With threshold=1, each node can have at most 1 outgoing edge. So we must choose exactly one outgoing edge for node 1 and one for node 2. Options:
- Choose 1->2 (1) and 2->0 (100): max=100.
- Choose 1->0 (50) and 2->0 (100): but node 2 must have an outgoing edge; only 2->0 exists, so forced 100. So max=100.
- Choose 1->2 (1) and 2->? only 2->0, so max=100.
- Could we choose 1->2 and also keep 2->0? That's the only possibility. So max=100.

But if we could keep both outgoing edges from node 1 (1->2 and 1->0) and also 2->0, then node 1 would have out-degree 2, violating threshold=1. So not allowed.

Thus, the minimal max weight is 100.

Now, what does the simple condition give? We need the minimum W such that using edges ≤ W, all nodes can reach 0. Check W=50: edges ≤50: 1->2 (1), 1->0 (50). 2->0 is 100 >50, so not included. With these, can node 2 reach 0? Node 2 has no outgoing edge (since 2->0 not included), and no other edges from 2. So node 2 cannot reach 0. So W=50 fails. W=100: edges ≤100 include all edges. Then node 2 can reach 0 directly, node 1 can reach 0 via 1->0 or 1->2->0. So W=100 works. So answer 100. That matches.

Now consider threshold=2 (so out-degree up to 2). Could we achieve a lower max weight by using both outgoing edges from node 1? Let's see: If we keep edges: 1->2 (1), 1->0 (50), and 2->0 (100). Then node 1 out-degree=2 (≤2), node 2 out-degree=1. Max weight=100. Still 100. What if we try to avoid the 100 weight edge? Could we have node 2 reach 0 without using 2->0? There is no other edge from 2. So we must keep 2->0, weight 100. So max at least 100. So answer still 100.

Now consider a more complex graph where a node can reach 0 via a path that uses multiple edges, but the direct edge is high weight, and we might avoid that high weight by using a detour that goes through other nodes, but that detour might require some node to have out-degree >1 to provide alternative paths. However, if we can construct a spanning arborescence that avoids the high-weight edge, then we don't need extra out-degree. So the question is: Is it possible that the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, but any spanning arborescence within that subgraph must include an edge with weight > W? That's impossible because the arborescence is composed of edges from the subgraph, all ≤ W. So no.

Thus, the simple condition seems sufficient.

But wait, there might be a nuance: The out-degree constraint applies to the resulting graph after removal, not necessarily to the arborescence we construct. If we construct an arborescence, out-degree of each node is at most 1, which is ≤ threshold (since threshold≥1). So it's fine. So the existence of an arborescence within the ≤W subgraph directly gives a feasible solution with max weight ≤ W. Therefore, the minimum W is exactly the minimum value such that the ≤W subgraph has the property that all nodes can reach 0.

Thus, the problem reduces to a kind of "minimum bottleneck reachability" problem. We can solve by sorting edges by weight and incrementally adding edges, checking when all nodes can reach 0. Since n and edges up to 1e5, we can do a binary search on W and for each W, run a DFS/BFS from all nodes? Actually, we need to check if every node can reach 0 using edges with weight ≤ W. That's equivalent to checking if in the reversed graph, 0 can reach all nodes using edges ≤ W. So we can build the graph of edges with weight ≤ W and run a DFS/BFS from 0 in the reversed graph, and see if all nodes are visited. Complexity O(n + m) per check. With binary search over W (up to 1e6), log(1e6) ~ 20, so 20 * (n+m) ~ 2e6, acceptable. But we can also do a more efficient approach: sort edges by weight, then use union-find? But it's directed, not undirected. However, we can process edges in increasing weight and maintain reachability from 0 in reversed graph dynamically. That could be done with a DSU on directed graph? Not straightforward. Binary search is simpler.

But we must also consider the case where even with all edges, not all nodes can reach 0. Then answer -1. So first check that.

Thus, algorithm:

1. Build reversed graph: for each edge [a, b, w], add reversed edge b -> a with weight w. (Because we want to check if 0 can reach all nodes in reversed graph using edges ≤ W.)

2. Check if all nodes are reachable from 0 in reversed graph using all edges (i.e., without weight restriction). If not, return -1.

3. Binary search on W between min weight and max weight (or 1 to 1e6). For each mid, consider only edges with weight ≤ mid, and run BFS/DFS from 0 in reversed graph. If all nodes visited, then mid is feasible, set high = mid; else low = mid+1.

4. Return low after binary search.

But is there any scenario where the minimal W is not among the edge weights? Since we are minimizing the maximum edge weight, the optimal value will be one of the edge weights (because if we can achieve with W not equal to an edge weight, we can lower it to the next smaller edge weight? Actually, if we can achieve with W, then we can achieve with any W' >= W, but we want minimum. The minimum feasible W is the smallest weight such that the condition holds. Since condition is monotonic (if W works, any larger W works), the minimum feasible W will be the minimum weight for which the condition holds. That weight will be some edge weight because if the condition holds for W, it holds for the maximum edge weight among the edges used, which is an edge weight. But could the minimum feasible W be between edge weights? Suppose condition becomes true exactly when we include edges up to some weight threshold, but the condition might become true at a weight that is not an edge weight if we consider fractional? But weights are integers, and we only consider integer W. The condition depends only on which edges are included (those with weight ≤ W). As W increases continuously, the set of included edges changes only at integer weights equal to some edge weight. So the minimum integer W for which condition holds will be the smallest edge weight such that condition holds when including all edges with weight ≤ that edge weight. So we can binary search over sorted unique weights.

But we can also do a more efficient approach: sort edges by weight, then add edges incrementally to the reversed graph, and after each addition, check if 0 can reach all nodes. However, checking reachability from scratch each time would be O(m * (n+m)) which is too slow. We could maintain a data structure for dynamic reachability? That's complex. Binary search is fine.

But note constraints: n up to 1e5, m up to 1e5. Binary search with BFS each time O(m) per check, with log(1e6) ~ 20, total 2e6 operations, fine.

However, we must also consider that we need to build the graph for each check. We can pre-store edges grouped by weight? For each check, we need to consider only edges with weight ≤ mid. We can sort edges by weight and for each binary search step, we could iterate over edges and add those with weight ≤ mid to an adjacency list, then BFS. But building adjacency list from scratch each time would be O(m) to copy edges? We can just filter on the fly: during BFS, we can traverse the global adjacency list but skip edges with weight > mid. That would require checking weight each time we traverse an edge, which is okay. But we need to build the reversed adjacency list once. We'll store reversed edges with their weights. Then in BFS, we only follow edges with weight ≤ mid. That's O(m) per BFS because we might examine all edges, but we can break early if we visited all nodes. Still O(m) per check, acceptable.

Thus, solution seems straightforward.

But wait, what about the out-degree constraint? We argued it's irrelevant. However, let's double-check the problem statement: "Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." In our arborescence solution, each node (except 0) has exactly 1 outgoing edge. That's ≤ threshold if threshold ≥ 1. So it's fine. But what if threshold = 0? Not allowed. So okay.

But is there any hidden condition that we must keep the original edges as given, and we cannot "add" edges? We are only removing edges. So we must select a subset. Our arborescence is a subset. So fine.

Thus, answer seems to be min W such that in original, all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W.

But before finalizing, let's test with a more complex example where threshold is larger than 1 but maybe we could achieve a lower max weight by using a non-tree subgraph that allows us to avoid a high-weight edge that would be forced in any arborescence. Consider a graph where there is a node with two outgoing edges: one low-weight edge to a node that can reach 0 only via a high-weight edge, and another medium-weight edge to a node that can reach 0 via low-weight edges. In an arborescence, we would pick the medium-weight edge for that node, giving max at least medium. But could we pick the low-weight edge for that node and also add an extra edge from the neighbor to somewhere else that is low-weight, enabling the neighbor to reach 0 without the high-weight edge? If that extra edge is low-weight, then we could have max = max(low, maybe other low). But if that extra edge is also low-weight, then we could include it, and the neighbor can reach 0 via that extra edge, so the low-weight edge from the original node becomes viable. However, would that require the original node to have out-degree >1? No, we only need one outgoing edge from the original node (the low-weight one). The neighbor's extra edge is outgoing from the neighbor, not from the original node. So the original node's out-degree remains 1. So we could achieve the same with an arborescence? Let's see: If we pick the low-weight edge from original node to neighbor, and also pick some outgoing edge from neighbor that leads to 0 (maybe a different edge than the high-weight one), then we have a path original->neighbor->...->0. This is exactly an arborescence where original's parent is neighbor, and neighbor's parent is something else. So it's still a tree. So no need for extra outgoing edges from original. So the arborescence can be constructed with the low-weight edge if there exists a path from neighbor to 0 using only edges ≤ some W. So the condition for feasibility of W is exactly that there exists a path from each node to 0 using edges ≤ W. So if such a path exists for the original node via the low-weight edge and then from neighbor via low-weight edges, then the arborescence exists. So again, the condition is the same.

Thus, the out-degree constraint doesn't add complexity.

But wait, what about the possibility that the arborescence we construct might give some node out-degree 0 (if it's 0) or 1. That's fine. So the answer is simply the minimum W such that in the original graph, every node can reach 0 using edges of weight ≤ W.

But is there any scenario where the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, but any arborescence extracted from it would cause some node to have out-degree > threshold because threshold might be less than the number of outgoing edges that node has in the arborescence? But as argued, arborescence gives out-degree 1 for non-root nodes. So threshold must be at least 1, which it is. So no.

However, consider node 0: In the arborescence, 0 might have out-degree 0. That's fine. But what if the only way to have all nodes reach 0 with max weight W is to keep an edge from 0 to some node, because otherwise some node cannot reach 0? But if we keep an edge from 0 to some node, that doesn't help other nodes reach 0; it only gives a path from 0 to that node, not from that node to 0. So it's irrelevant. So we never need edges from 0.

Thus, I'm convinced.

But let's read the problem statement again carefully: "You have to remove some edges from this graph (possibly none), so that it satisfies the following conditions: Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes. The maximum edge weight in the resulting graph is minimized. Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." It doesn't say we must keep the graph connected in the sense of all nodes can reach 0; it says node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes. That's exactly what we used.

Now, why would they include threshold? Possibly because in some cases, even if all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W, we might not be able to select a subset that satisfies out-degree ≤ threshold because the only way to achieve connectivity might force some node to have out-degree > threshold. But as argued, we can always select a spanning arborescence which gives out-degree 1. But is it always possible to select a spanning arborescence from the subgraph of edges ≤ W that respects the direction? Yes, if 0 can reach all nodes in the reversed graph, then a spanning arborescence exists. However, does that arborescence necessarily use only edges from the subgraph? Yes, because we construct it from the subgraph. So out-degree 1 for each non-root node. So threshold must be at least 1. Since threshold ≥ 1, it's fine. But what if threshold = 1 and the arborescence we construct gives some node out-degree 1, which is allowed. So no issue.

But consider a scenario where the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, but the reversed graph from 0 can reach all nodes, but there might be nodes that have no outgoing edges in the original subgraph? Wait, if a node can reach 0, it must have at least one outgoing edge (unless it is 0). So each node (except 0) has at least one outgoing edge in the subgraph. So out-degree at least 1. In an arborescence, we select exactly one outgoing edge per node. So out-degree becomes exactly 1, which is ≤ threshold if threshold ≥ 1. So it's fine.

Thus, the threshold seems irrelevant for the optimization, only for the feasibility when threshold = 0 (not allowed). So maybe the problem originally had threshold as a constraint that could be less than 1? But constraints say 1 <= threshold <= n-1. So it's at least 1.

Maybe there is a nuance: The out-degree constraint applies to the resulting graph after removal, not just to the selected edges in the arborescence. If we select an arborescence, out-degree of each node is at most 1. So it's fine. But could there be a case where the arborescence we select uses an edge that causes some node to have out-degree 1, but that node originally had other outgoing edges that we removed, so out-degree is 1. That's allowed.

Thus, the answer is simply the minimum W such that in the original graph, using only edges with weight ≤ W, every node can reach node 0.

But wait, Example 1 had threshold=2, but our derived answer 1 matches. Example 3 threshold=1, answer 2 matches. So far so good.

Let's try to construct a case where the simple condition might give a lower W than actually achievable due to out-degree constraint. Suppose threshold=1, and we have a node that has two outgoing edges both with low weight, but both are needed to ensure that two different nodes can reach 0? Actually, each node's own path to 0 only needs one outgoing edge from itself. So if a node has two outgoing edges, we only need one. So no.

But consider a node that is a "hub": many nodes point to it, and it points to 0 via a high-weight edge. To reduce max weight, we might want to avoid that high-weight edge by having the hub point to another node that can reach 0 via low-weight edges, but that other node might need to have an outgoing edge to somewhere else, and that might increase its out-degree. But if we can reconfigure the tree, we can make the hub point to that other node, and that other node points to 0 via low-weight edges, provided such edges exist. That's still a tree. So no extra out-degree.

What about a scenario where the only way to avoid a high-weight edge is to create a cycle that includes 0, and that cycle would require 0 to have an outgoing edge, increasing its out-degree to 1. That's allowed if threshold≥1. So still fine.

Thus, I'm confident.

However, before finalizing, let's consider the possibility that the out-degree constraint might force us to have some nodes with out-degree 0, but they need to reach 0, so they must have at least one outgoing edge. So they cannot have out-degree 0 unless they are 0. So for non-zero nodes, out-degree must be at least 1. So if threshold is 1, out-degree must be exactly 1. That's fine. If threshold is greater than 1, out-degree can be 1 or more. So no issue.

Thus, the problem reduces to a simple reachability threshold.

But wait, the problem might be trickier: The condition "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means that for each node v, there exists a directed path from v to 0. This does not require that the graph is acyclic or that each node has a unique parent. However, when we minimize the maximum edge weight, we might want to keep some edges that are not part of any tree but allow us to use lower weight edges for some nodes while still maintaining connectivity for others, possibly by having multiple paths. But as argued, if a lower weight edge exists from v to some node x, but x cannot reach 0 without using a high-weight edge, then v cannot reach 0 via that edge unless we also improve x's path. Improving x's path might require adding edges that are low-weight, but that doesn't force v to have more than one outgoing edge. So we can just change v's outgoing edge to x and also ensure x has a low-weight path to 0. That's a tree.

Thus, the minimal max weight is determined by the "bottleneck" of the minimum over all spanning arborescences of the maximum edge weight. And that is equivalent to the minimum W such that the subgraph of edges ≤ W contains a spanning arborescence. And that is equivalent to the condition that in the subgraph, all nodes can reach 0 (since existence of a spanning arborescence is equivalent to 0 being able to reach all nodes in the reversed graph, which is equivalent to all nodes can reach 0 in original). So indeed.

Now, we must also consider the possibility of multiple edges between the same pair with different weights. The condition "There may be multiple edges between a pair of nodes, but they must have unique weights." So we can have parallel edges. In our approach, we treat them as separate edges. When we consider edges ≤ W, we include all such edges with weight ≤ W. That's fine.

Now, implementation details:

- We'll build the reversed adjacency list: for each edge [a, b, w], add edge b -> a with weight w. Because we want to check if 0 can reach all nodes in the reversed graph.

- First, check if all nodes are reachable from 0 in the reversed graph using all edges. If not, return -1.

- Then binary search on W.

But we need to define the search range. The answer is at least the minimum weight among edges that are necessary? Actually, the answer could be as low as the minimum weight such that the condition holds. The minimum possible W is at least the minimum weight among edges that are part of any path from some node to 0? But we can just set low = 1, high = max_weight (or maybe 10^6). Since weights up to 1e6, we can set high = 10**6+1 or max weight in edges. But we can also collect all unique weights and binary search on sorted list. Simpler: low = 1, high = max_weight (or 10**6). While low < high: mid = (low+high)//2; if feasible(mid): high = mid else low = mid+1. Return low.

Feasibility(mid): Build a visited array of size n, do DFS/BFS from 0 in reversed graph, but only traverse edges with weight <= mid. If visited count == n, return True else False.

But we must be careful about recursion depth; use iterative BFS/DFS.

Complexity: O((n+m) * log(maxW)). With maxW up to 1e6, log2(1e6) ~ 20, fine.

But we can optimize by early exit if we already know that all nodes are reachable with all edges, so answer exists.

Edge Cases:

- n=2, edges: [1,0,5]. Then all nodes can reach 0? Node 1 -> 0, yes. So answer is 5? But we might be able to remove none, max=5. Could we achieve lower? No, because we must keep at least one edge from 1 to 0, and its weight is 5. So answer 5. Our binary search: W=4, edges ≤4 none, node 1 cannot reach 0 -> false; W=5 true -> answer 5. Good.

- n=2, edges: [0,1,5] and [1,0,3]. Then node 1 can reach 0 via edge weight 3. Node 0 reachable from 0 trivially. So answer should be 3 (since we can remove the 5 edge). Our condition: W=3, edges ≤3 include 1->0, so node 1 can reach 0, node 0 trivial, so true. So answer 3. Good.

- n=3, edges: 1->2 (1), 2->0 (100), 1->0 (50). As earlier, answer 100. Condition: W=50 false, W=100 true. Good.

Now, consider a case where there are multiple paths and the bottleneck might be lower than the max weight of any single edge needed? Actually, the bottleneck is the max weight on the chosen path. If we can choose a path that avoids high-weight edges, the max weight might be lower. So our condition captures that.

Now, what about the out-degree constraint in a scenario where threshold=1 but the only way to have all nodes reach 0 with max weight W is to have a node with out-degree 2 because it needs to point to two different nodes to allow both to reach 0? That seems impossible because each node's own reachability only depends on its own outgoing edge. A node v pointing to two different nodes doesn't help those nodes reach 0; they need their own outgoing edges. So no.

But consider a node v that is the only connection for two different nodes u and w to reach 0. If v has only one outgoing edge, then u and w must have paths to v, and then v's outgoing edge leads to 0. That's fine; u and w can have outgoing edges to v (or to nodes that eventually lead to v). So v's out-degree is 1. So no need for 2.

Thus, threshold is not restrictive.

Given this, the solution is straightforward.

But wait, the problem might be from a contest where the intended solution is more complex, perhaps involving Dijkstra-like or binary search with DSU? But I recall a LeetCode problem "Minimize the Maximum Edge Weight" or something similar? Actually, there is a LeetCode problem "Minimize the Maximum Edge Weight" but I'm not sure. Let's search memory: There is a problem "Minimize the Maximum Edge Weight of a Graph" or "Minimum Maximum Edge Weight After Removals" maybe? I recall a problem "Minimum Maximum Edge Weight" where you have to ensure connectivity with degree constraints. Possibly the out-degree constraint is there to make it non-trivial. But my analysis suggests it's trivial. Let's double-check with a more complex scenario where threshold could be less than the out-degree required in any spanning arborescence. But as argued, spanning arborescence requires each non-root node to have out-degree exactly 1. So if threshold=1, it's exactly 1, which is allowed. So threshold=1 is the minimal possible. So if threshold is 1, it's okay. So the only way threshold could be restrictive is if threshold=0, but not allowed. So why include threshold? Maybe I misinterpreted the direction: The condition "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means there is a path from 0 to all other nodes? No, it says "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." That means for every node v, there is a path from v to 0. So it's as we used. But sometimes problems phrase "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" meaning from 0 you can reach all others? Actually, "reachable from" is ambiguous: "A is reachable from B" means there is a path from B to A. So "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means for every node v, there is a path from v to 0. So that's correct.

But what if they meant the opposite? Let's read: "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." That is clear: from any node, you can reach 0. So we are correct.

Now, consider the out-degree constraint: "Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." In the arborescence we construct, each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge. So if threshold=1, it's exactly 1, allowed. So fine.

But what about node 0? It might have outgoing edges in the arborescence? In the reversed BFS tree, 0 has outgoing edges to its children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's out-degree remains 0. So okay.

Thus, threshold seems not needed. However, maybe there is a scenario where the only way to achieve connectivity with max weight W is to keep some edges that cause a node to have out-degree > threshold, even though there exists an arborescence with max weight W, but that arborescence might not be constructible because it would require using an edge that is not present in the subgraph? Wait, if the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that all nodes can reach 0, then there exists an arborescence within that subgraph. So we can always pick that arborescence, which respects out-degree ≤1. So threshold is not a problem. So the answer is independent of threshold.

But maybe the problem expects us to consider the out-degree constraint because in some cases, even though all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W, the only way to achieve that while also satisfying the out-degree constraint might require using a different set of edges that might have higher max weight. But if there exists an arborescence within the ≤W subgraph, that arborescence satisfies out-degree ≤1, which is ≤ threshold (since threshold≥1). So it's a valid solution with max weight ≤ W. So the existence of any solution with max weight ≤ W is equivalent to existence of an arborescence within ≤W subgraph. So threshold doesn't affect the feasibility of W.

Thus, the answer is simply the minimum W such that the ≤W subgraph has the reachability property.

But wait, what if threshold is less than 1? Not possible. So indeed.

Given this, the solution is trivial: binary search + BFS.

But before coding, let's test with a custom case where threshold is 1 but the graph has a node with no outgoing edge of weight ≤ W but can reach 0 via a path that uses an edge from that node with weight > W? That wouldn't work because the path must use edges all ≤ W to have max weight ≤ W. So if a node's only outgoing edge is > W, then to have max weight ≤ W, we cannot keep that edge, so the node would have no outgoing edge, thus cannot reach 0. So the condition that all nodes can reach 0 using edges ≤ W is necessary. And if that condition holds, we can select a subgraph (like a BFS tree) that uses only those edges, and out-degree will be at most 1. So sufficient.

Thus, answer is min W such that in original, for all v, there exists a path from v to 0 using edges of weight ≤ W.

Now, we must also consider that we might be able to achieve a max weight lower than the weight of some edge that is necessary for connectivity if we use a different set of edges? No, the max weight is the maximum weight among kept edges. If we keep an edge of weight 5, max is at least 5. So to have max ≤ W, all kept edges must have weight ≤ W. So the subgraph we keep must be a subset of edges with weight ≤ W. Therefore, the condition that there exists a subset of edges with weight ≤ W that makes all nodes reach 0 is exactly that the subgraph of all edges with weight ≤ W (or some subset thereof) has the property that all nodes can reach 0. Since we can always take the whole subgraph, the existence of any subset is equivalent to the whole subgraph having the property? Not exactly: The whole subgraph might have the property, then we can take it. If the whole subgraph does not have the property, could there be a subset that does? If the whole subgraph does not have the property, that means there exists some node v that cannot reach 0 using any path composed of edges from the whole subgraph. Since any subset is contained in the whole subgraph, if v cannot reach 0 using any path in the whole subgraph, then certainly it cannot in any subset. So the condition for existence of a subset is exactly that the whole subgraph (i.e., the set of all edges with weight ≤ W) has the property that every node can reach 0. Because if the whole subgraph fails, no subset can fix it (since subsets have fewer edges). So indeed, the feasibility of W is equivalent to: In the graph consisting of all edges with weight ≤ W, every node can reach 0.

Thus, we don't need to consider clever subsets; just check the whole subgraph.

Therefore, algorithm stands.

Now, let's think about implementation details for large n and m. We'll store edges in a list. For BFS, we need adjacency list of reversed graph with weights. We can store for each node a list of (neighbor, weight). Then in BFS, we iterate over all outgoing edges of a node, and if weight <= mid, we traverse.

But BFS from 0 in reversed graph: we start at 0, and we want to see which nodes are reachable from 0 using edges with weight <= mid. That's equivalent to original nodes being able to reach 0? Wait, careful: We want to check if every node can reach 0 in original using edges <= mid. That is equivalent to: In reversed graph, starting from 0, can we reach every node using edges <= mid? Because if there is a path v -> ... -> 0 in original with edges <= mid, reversing gives 0 -> ... -> v in reversed with same edges (weights unchanged). So yes.

So we do BFS from 0 in reversed graph, only following edges with weight <= mid. If we can visit all nodes, then condition holds.

Edge case: Node 0 itself is trivially reachable from 0. So we need to visit all n nodes.

Now, we also need to check the initial feasibility with all edges. That's the same as taking mid = max_weight (or a large number). So we can just run BFS with mid = INF (like 10**9) and see if all nodes visited. If not, return -1.

But we can also first compute the set of nodes that can reach 0 in original using all edges. That's equivalent to reversed BFS from 0 with all edges. If not all nodes visited, return -1.

Now, binary search bounds: low = 1, high = max_weight among edges. But what if answer could be 0? No, weights are at least 1. So low=1.

But we might also consider that answer could be less than the minimum edge weight? No, because if we keep no edges, only node 0 is reachable from itself, others cannot. So we need at least one edge, and its weight is at least 1. So low=1 is fine.

However, there is a possibility that the answer is the maximum weight among edges that are forced, which could be as high as 10^6. So high = max_weight.

But we need to be careful: The binary search condition is monotonic: if W works, any larger W works. So we can binary search.

Implementation steps:

1. Read n, edges, threshold.

2. Build reversed adjacency list: rev_adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]. For each edge (a,b,w), append (a, w) to rev_adj[b]? Actually, reversed edge: from b to a with weight w. So rev_adj[b].append((a, w)). Because we want to traverse from 0 outward in reversed graph.

3. Define a function can(mid): perform BFS/DFS from 0 using rev_adj, only traversing edges with weight <= mid. Return whether all nodes visited.

   - Use a stack or queue, visited boolean array.
   - Start with 0, visited[0]=True, count=1.
   - While queue not empty: pop node u, for each (v, w) in rev_adj[u]: if not visited[v] and w <= mid: visited[v]=True, count+=1, push v.
   - After BFS, return count == n.

4. First, check can(max_weight) or can(INF). If false, return -1.

5. Binary search: low = 1, high = max_weight (or maybe 10**6). While low < high: mid = (low+high)//2; if can(mid): high = mid; else low = mid+1.

6. Return low.

But we must ensure that the BFS uses only edges with weight <= mid. Since we are doing this many times, we might want to optimize by pre-sorting edges or using two-pointer technique to avoid repeated scanning of all edges. However, with m=1e5 and log(1e6)~20, scanning all edges each BFS is 2e6, which is fine. But BFS will iterate over adjacency lists; each edge may be examined multiple times across BFS calls. In each BFS, we might examine all edges (since we iterate over all outgoing edges of visited nodes). In worst case, we visit all nodes and examine all edges. So per BFS O(n+m). With 20 BFS, O(20*(n+m)) ~ 2e6, which is acceptable for 1e5 edges.

But we need to be careful about Python speed: 20 * 1e5 = 2e6 edge examinations, each with a weight comparison, that's fine. However, BFS also involves queue operations. Should be okay.

But we can also do a more efficient approach: sort edges by weight, and incrementally add edges to the reversed graph, maintaining connectivity from 0 using DSU? But DSU works for undirected connectivity, not directed reachability. However, we could maintain the set of nodes reachable from 0 in the reversed graph as we add edges. This is like a dynamic reachability problem. We could process edges in increasing weight, and after each addition, update reachable set via BFS/DFS from 0, but that could be O(m * (n+m)) if done naively. But we can use a union-find like structure for directed graphs? Not straightforward. So binary search is simpler.

But we might also use the concept of "minimum spanning arborescence" bottleneck property: The minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence weight is the minimum W such that the graph with edges ≤ W has a spanning arborescence. That's exactly our condition.

Now, let's double-check with some edge cases:

- If there are multiple edges between same nodes, our adjacency list will have multiple entries. BFS will consider them separately; if any has weight ≤ mid, we can traverse. That's fine.

- If there are self-loops? Constraint says A_i != B_i, so no self-loops.

- If n=1? But n>=2 per constraints.

- If threshold is very large, still fine.

Now, is there any scenario where the answer is -1 even though all nodes can reach 0 using all edges, but due to out-degree constraint it's impossible? Let's try to construct such a scenario. Suppose threshold=1, and there is a node that has two outgoing edges that are both necessary to allow other nodes to reach 0? But as argued, each node only needs one outgoing edge for itself. However, consider node v that is the only node that can reach 0 from some other nodes? Actually, other nodes may need to go through v. If v has only one outgoing edge, that's fine. But what if v has two outgoing edges, and both are needed because some nodes rely on v having an outgoing edge to them? That doesn't make sense: other nodes rely on their own outgoing edges to reach v, not on v's outgoing edges to them. For a node u to reach v, u must have an edge to v or to some node that leads to v. That edge is outgoing from u, not from v. So v's outgoing edges don't affect u's ability to reach v. So v only needs one outgoing edge to eventually reach 0. So no.

What about node 0? Could 0 need to have outgoing edges to allow some node to reach 0? No, because reaching 0 means ending at 0, not starting from 0. So 0's outgoing edges are irrelevant.

Thus, out-degree constraint doesn't cause infeasibility if reachability holds.

But wait, what about the possibility that a node has no outgoing edge in the original graph at all? Then it cannot reach 0, so reachability fails. So that's caught by the initial check.

Thus, the answer is simply the minimum W such that the subgraph of edges with weight ≤ W has the property that every node can reach 0.

But is there any scenario where the subgraph of edges ≤ W has the property that every node can reach 0, but any spanning arborescence extracted from it would require some node to have out-degree > threshold because threshold might be 0? Not applicable.

Thus, I'll proceed with this solution.

However, before finalizing, let's consider the possibility that the problem might have been misinterpreted: Maybe "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means that from node 0, you can reach all other nodes. That would flip the direction. Let's read the statement: "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." In English, "A is reachable from B" means there is a path from B to A. So "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means for every node v, there is a path from v to 0. That's what we used. If they meant the opposite, they'd say "All other nodes must be reachable from node 0." So our interpretation is correct.

But let's check Example 1: edges: [1,0,1],[2,0,2],[3,0,1],[4,3,1],[2,1,1]. They removed edge 2->0. The resulting graph: 1->0, 3->0, 4->3, 2->1. From node 2, path 2->1->0, so 0 reachable from 2. From node 4, 4->3->0. So all can reach 0. So condition satisfied. If we had misinterpreted as 0 can reach all, then in the resulting graph, can 0 reach all? 0 has no outgoing edges (since we removed 2->0 but 0 had no outgoing edges originally? Actually original edges from 0? None. So 0 cannot reach any node. So that interpretation would fail. So our interpretation is correct.

Thus, solution stands.

Now, we need to write the code in the given starter.

Implementation details:

- We'll use from typing import List.

- Build rev_adj as list of lists of tuples (neighbor, weight).

- Define can(mid) function inside minMaxWeight.

- First, check can(max_weight) with max_weight = max(w for edges). If not all reachable, return -1.

- Binary search.

But we must be careful: The BFS for can(mid) might be called many times. We can implement it as a separate function that uses a deque and visited array. Since n up to 1e5, we should allocate visited list each time, which is O(n) per call, total O(n log maxW) ~ 1e5 * 20 = 2e6, fine.

But we can also reuse a visited array with a timestamp technique to avoid reallocation, but not necessary.

Now, edge case: If there are nodes that cannot reach 0 even with all edges, we return -1. That's correct.

Now, let's test with given examples.

Example 1:
n=5, edges as given. max_weight=2. can(2) should be true. Binary search: low=1, high=2. mid=1, can(1)? With W=1, edges ≤1: 1->0,3->0,4->3,2->1. In reversed graph: edges: 0<-1,0<-3,3<-4,1<-2. BFS from 0 in reversed: from 0, can go to 1? Actually reversed edges: from 0? We have reversed adjacency: for each original edge a->b, we add b->a. So for edge 1->0, reversed: 0->1. So from 0 we can go to 1. For 3->0, reversed: 0->3. For 4->3, reversed: 3->4. For 2->1, reversed: 1->2. So BFS from 0: visit 0, then 1 and 3. From 1, go to 2 (since 1->2 reversed from 2->1). From 3, go to 4. So all nodes visited. So can(1) true. So answer 1. Good.

Example 2: edges all from 0 outward. Reversed graph: edges from 1->0? Actually original: 0->1,0->2,0->3,0->4,1->2,1->4. Reversed: 1->0? No, original 0->1 gives reversed 1->0? Wait: original a->b, reversed b->a. So for 0->1, reversed 1->0. So from 0 in reversed, can we go anywhere? Starting at 0, reversed edges from 0? We need edges that start from 0 in reversed graph. Which original edges have b=0? None. So reversed adjacency of 0 is empty. So BFS from 0 only visits 0. So cannot reach others. So can(max_weight) false, return -1. Good.

Example 3: we already tested.

Example 4: edges: 1->2,1->3,1->4,2->3,4->0. Reversed: 2->1,3->1,4->1,3->2,0->4. BFS from 0: from 0 can go to 4 (since 0->4 from original 4->0). From 4 can go to 1 (since 4->1 from original 1->4). From 1 can go to 2 and 3 (since 1->2 and 1->3). From 2 can go to 3 (since 2->3). So all nodes visited? Nodes: 0,4,1,2,3. Yes all visited. Wait, but earlier we thought node 2 cannot reach 0 in original? Let's verify original reachability: Node 2 has edge 2->3, then from 3 there is no outgoing edge (original edges from 3? None). So 2 cannot reach 0. But reversed BFS from 0 visited all nodes, which would imply that in original, all nodes can reach 0? Let's double-check: Reversed BFS from 0 visiting node 2 means there is a path from 0 to 2 in reversed graph. That path reversed gives a path from 2 to 0 in original. Let's find that path: In reversed, we have 0->4->1->2. Reverse: 2->1->4->0. Is there an original edge 2->1? No, original edges: 1->2 exists, but not 2->1. So the reversed path 0->4->1->2 corresponds to original path 2->1->4->0? But 2->1 does not exist. So something is wrong. Let's carefully map reversed edges.

Original edges:
1->2 (w1)
1->3 (w3)
1->4 (w5)
2->3 (w2)
4->0 (w1)

Reversed edges (b->a):
For 1->2: 2->1 (w1)
1->3: 3->1 (w3)
1->4: 4->1 (w5)
2->3: 3->2 (w2)
4->0: 0->4 (w1)

Now, BFS from 0 in reversed: start at 0. Outgoing edges from 0: only 0->4 (weight 1). So visit 4. From 4: outgoing edges: 4->1 (weight 5). So visit 1 (if weight <= mid, but for full graph mid large, yes). From 1: outgoing edges: 1->? Actually reversed adjacency for node 1: from original edges where b=1? Which original edges have destination 1? None. So node 1 has no outgoing reversed edges? Wait, we have reversed edges: 2->1, 3->1, 4->1. Those are edges coming into 1, not outgoing from 1. So reversed adjacency for node 1 should list edges that start from 1. Which original edges have b=1? None. So node 1 has no outgoing reversed edges. So from 1, we cannot go anywhere else. So BFS from 0 would visit 0,4,1. Nodes 2 and 3 are not visited. So can(max_weight) would be false, indicating not all nodes can reach 0 in original. That matches our earlier conclusion that node 2 cannot reach 0. Good. I mistakenly thought from 1 we could go to 2 and 3, but those are incoming edges to 1, not outgoing. So correct.

Thus, our method works.

Now, confirm Example 3 with reversed BFS: Original edges: 1->2,1->3,1->4,2->3,3->4,4->0. Reversed: 2->1,3->1,4->1,3->2,4->3,0->4. BFS from 0: 0->4, 4->1 and 4->3, from 1->? no outgoing from 1 (since no original edges with dest 1), from 3->2 (since 3->2 from original 2->3? Actually original 2->3 gives reversed 3->2). So BFS visits 0,4,1,3,2. All nodes visited. So can(max_weight) true. Then binary search finds min W=2.

Thus, algorithm correct.

Now, we should consider if there is any scenario where the answer is -1 even though all nodes can reach 0 using all edges, but due to out-degree constraint it's impossible. Let's try to construct such a scenario. Suppose threshold=1, and there is a node that has two outgoing edges that are both required to be kept because if we remove one, some other node loses its path to 0? But as argued, that other node's path depends on its own outgoing edges, not on this node's outgoing edges. However, consider a node u that has only one outgoing edge, which goes to v. If we remove v's outgoing edge to w, then u might still have a path if v has another outgoing edge? But u's path is u->v->... So if v loses its only outgoing edge that leads to 0, then u cannot reach 0. So u's reachability depends on v's outgoing edges. But v's outgoing edges are chosen by us. So if we choose v's outgoing edge appropriately, we can ensure u can reach 0. So we don't need to keep multiple outgoing edges from v; we just need to choose the right one. So still out-degree 1 for v suffices.

But what if v has two possible outgoing edges that both lead to 0, but we need to keep both because some other node w relies on v having an outgoing edge to x, while u relies on v having an outgoing edge to y? That doesn't make sense: v can only have one outgoing edge in the final graph if threshold=1. So we must choose one. Then u and w both must be able to reach 0 via that single outgoing edge from v. That means that from v, the chosen outgoing edge must lead to a node that can reach 0, and then both u and w can reach v (via their own edges) and then follow v's outgoing edge. So as long as u and w can reach v, they are fine. So we don't need two outgoing edges from v. So threshold=1 is sufficient.

Thus, no issue.

Given this, the solution is simple.

But wait, the problem might be from a contest where they intended a more complex solution involving minimum spanning arborescence or something, but the out-degree constraint might actually be a red herring? Or maybe I've missed a scenario where the out-degree constraint could force us to have more than one outgoing edge from a node because of the requirement that node 0 must be reachable from all nodes, but also we might need to keep some edges that are not part of the tree to satisfy the out-degree constraint? That doesn't make sense; we can always have out-degree ≤1, which is ≤ threshold.

Unless threshold could be 0? But constraint says 1 <= threshold. So no.

Thus, I'll implement the binary search solution.

But before finalizing, let's think about the possibility of using a more efficient method: Since we only need the minimum W such that the reversed graph with edges ≤ W has 0 reaching all nodes, we could sort edges by weight and incrementally add them to the reversed graph, and after each addition, we could update the set of nodes reachable from 0 using BFS/DFS, but we could do it in a way that each edge is processed once. For example, we could perform a BFS from 0 that only traverses edges with weight ≤ current W, and as we increase W, we add more edges. We could use a priority queue or something like Dijkstra to compute for each node the minimum maximum edge weight along a path from 0 in the reversed graph? Actually, we want the minimum W such that 0 can reach all nodes using edges with weight ≤ W. This is equivalent to computing for each node the minimum possible maximum edge weight along a path from 0 to that node in the reversed graph (i.e., the minimax path). Then the answer is the maximum over all nodes of that minimax value. Because we need all nodes to be reachable with max edge weight ≤ W, so W must be at least the minimax value for each node, and the overall required W is the maximum of those minimax values. Then we can compute for each node the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from 0 to that node in the reversed graph. This is like a "bottleneck shortest path" problem, which can be solved by a variant of Dijkstra where we minimize the maximum edge weight along the path. Indeed, we can compute for each node the minimum bottleneck from 0 to that node in the reversed graph. Then the answer is the maximum of these values over all nodes. If any node is unreachable (infinite), return -1.

That might be more efficient: O(m log n) using a priority queue, similar to Prim's algorithm for minimum spanning tree but for bottleneck paths. Actually, the minimax path from a source in a graph can be found by a modified Dijkstra: instead of summing weights, we keep for each node the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from source. The relaxation: if we have an edge from u to v with weight w, and current best for u is d[u], then candidate for v is max(d[u], w). If candidate < d[v], update. This is like finding the minimum spanning tree? Actually, this is exactly the computation of the minimum bottleneck path, and it can be solved with a priority queue where we prioritize nodes with smaller d values. This is similar to running Prim's algorithm on the graph with edge weights, but for a single source, it's like computing the minimum spanning tree? Not exactly, but it works because the operation is monotonic and the relaxation is valid. This algorithm is known as "minimax path" or "bottleneck shortest path". It works for undirected and directed graphs. Complexity O(m log n). Then the answer is max(d[v]) for all v. If any d[v] is INF, return -1.

Let's test with Example 3: Reversed graph as described. Compute d[0]=0. From 0, edge to 4 weight 1 -> d[4]=1. From 4, edges: to 1 weight 5 -> candidate max(1,5)=5, so d[1]=5; to 3 weight 2 -> candidate max(1,2)=2, so d[3]=2. From 3, edge to 2 weight 2 -> candidate max(2,2)=2, so d[2]=2. Also from 1, maybe edges? none. So d = [0,5,2,2,1]. Max = 5. But answer is 2. That's not matching. Wait, why did we get 5? Because we used the reversed graph with original weights. But the minimax from 0 to node 1 is 5 via 0->4->1 (max(1,5)=5). However, there is another path to 1? 0->4->3->? can we reach 1 from 3? No edge from 3 to 1? Actually reversed graph has 3->1? Original 1->3 gives reversed 3->1 weight 3. So from 0->4->3->1: weights 1,2,3 => max = 3. That's better than 5. Did we miss that edge? In reversed adjacency, from 3 we have edge to 1 (weight 3) because original 1->3 gives reversed 3->1. So we need to include that. Let's recompute reversed edges properly:

Original edges:
1->2 (1) -> reversed 2->1 (1)
1->3 (3) -> reversed 3->1 (3)
1->4 (5) -> reversed 4->1 (5)
2->3 (2) -> reversed 3->2 (2)
3->4 (2) -> reversed 4->3 (2)
4->0 (1) -> reversed 0->4 (1)

So reversed adjacency:
0: [(4,1)]
4: [(1,5), (3,2)]
3: [(1,3), (2,2)]
2: [(1,1)]
1: [] (no outgoing)

Now compute minimax from 0:
d[0]=0.
Process 0: update 4 with max(0,1)=1.
Queue: (1,4)
Pop 4 (d=1). From 4: to 1: candidate max(1,5)=5 -> d[1]=5; to 3: candidate max(1,2)=2 -> d[3]=2.
Queue: (2,3), (5,1)
Pop 3 (d=2). From 3: to 1: candidate max(2,3)=3 -> d[1] becomes 3 (since 3<5); to 2: candidate max(2,2)=2 -> d[2]=2.
Queue: (2,2), (3,1)
Pop 2 (d=2). From 2: to 1: candidate max(2,1)=2 -> d[1] becomes 2 (since 2<3).
Queue: (2,1)
Pop 1 (d=2). No outgoing.
Final d: [0,2,2,2,1]. Max = 2. That matches answer.

So the minimax approach works. And it's more efficient: O(m log n) single pass, no binary search. This is better.

Thus, we can solve by computing for each node the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from 0 to that node in the reversed graph. Then the answer is the maximum of these values over all nodes. If any node is unreachable (d[v] = INF), return -1.

But we must ensure that this corresponds to the original problem. As argued, the minimum W such that all nodes can reach 0 in original using edges ≤ W is equivalent to the maximum over v of the minimum bottleneck from 0 to v in reversed graph. Because for each node v, we need a path from v to 0 in original with max edge weight ≤ W. Reversing, that's a path from 0 to v in reversed with max edge weight ≤ W. The minimum possible W that works for v individually is the minimax value d[v]. To satisfy all nodes, we need W ≥ max_v d[v]. And if we set W = max_v d[v], then for each v, there is a path from 0 to v with max edge weight ≤ W (by definition of d[v]), so in original, v can reach 0 with max edge weight ≤ W. Moreover, we can select a subgraph that achieves this: for each node, we could keep the edges along the path that gives d[v], but these paths may overlap and we need to ensure out-degree constraints. However, we can combine them into a spanning arborescence? The collection of paths from 0 to each node might not form a tree; they could share edges, but we can extract a spanning arborescence with the same bottleneck? Not necessarily; the maximum edge weight in the union of these paths could be higher than max_v d[v] if some edge used for one path has weight higher than d[v] for that node? Actually, d[v] is the minimum possible max edge weight on any path from 0 to v. If we take for each v a path that achieves d[v], the union of these paths may include edges with weight up to max_v d[v] (since each path's max is d[v] ≤ max_v d[v]). So the maximum edge weight in the union is at most max_v d[v]. However, the union might have cycles and multiple incoming edges, but we can then extract a spanning arborescence (e.g., by taking for each node the first edge on its path from 0, or by running a BFS/DFS from 0 using only edges with weight ≤ max_v d[v] and building a tree). Since we know that from 0 we can reach all nodes using edges with weight ≤ max_v d[v] (because for each v there is a path with max ≤ max_v d[v]), the subgraph of all edges with weight ≤ max_v d[v] has the property that 0 can reach all nodes. Then we can take a spanning arborescence from that subgraph, which will have max edge weight ≤ max_v d[v]. So indeed, the answer is max_v d[v].

Thus, we can compute d[v] for all v using a Dijkstra-like algorithm on the reversed graph with the relaxation: d[v] = min over edges (u->v) of max(d[u], w). This is essentially a variant of the "minimum bottleneck path" problem. It can be solved with a priority queue where we prioritize nodes with smaller d values. This is similar to finding the minimum spanning tree in terms of bottleneck? Actually, it's like running Prim's algorithm starting from 0, but Prim's algorithm finds the minimum spanning tree (minimizing sum) not bottleneck. However, the algorithm for minimax path is correct because the operation is isotonic and the priority queue works like in Dijkstra for minimax.

Proof: The relaxation is d[v] = min( d[v], max(d[u], w) ). This satisfies the optimal substructure property, and Dijkstra's algorithm works when the edge weights are non-negative and the relaxation is of the form d[v] = min(d[v], f(d[u], w)) where f is monotone in d[u] and w. Here f(d[u], w) = max(d[u], w) which is non-decreasing in d[u] and w. So Dijkstra's algorithm can be applied.

Thus, we can compute d[v] for all nodes in O(m log n). Then answer = max(d[v]) if all d[v] finite, else -1.

But we must also consider the out-degree constraint. Does this solution guarantee that we can select a subgraph with max edge weight = max(d[v]) that also satisfies out-degree ≤ threshold? As argued, we can take a spanning arborescence from the subgraph of edges with weight ≤ max(d[v]), which will have out-degree ≤1 for non-root nodes. Since threshold ≥1, it's fine. However, we need to ensure that such an arborescence exists within the subgraph. Since we have d[v] computed, we know that from 0 we can reach all nodes using edges with weight ≤ max(d[v]). That subgraph may not be fully connected in the sense of having a spanning arborescence? Actually, if from 0 we can reach all nodes, then there exists a spanning arborescence (e.g., BFS tree). So yes.

But there is a subtlety: The BFS tree might use edges with weight ≤ max(d[v]), but could it require an edge with weight > max(d[v])? No, because we restrict to edges ≤ max(d[v]). Since we know there is a path from 0 to each node using only edges ≤ max(d[v]), we can construct a tree by taking for each node the first edge on some such path. That tree will only use edges from those paths, which are ≤ max(d[v]). So it's valid.

Thus, the answer is max(d[v]).

Now, we must also consider the initial condition: If any node is unreachable from 0 in the reversed graph using any edges, then d[v] = INF, return -1.

So algorithm:

- Build reversed adjacency list: for each edge (a,b,w), add (a, w) to rev_adj[b]? Wait, we need edges from b to a in reversed graph. So for original a->b, we add edge b->a with weight w. So rev_adj[b].append((a, w)). Yes.

- Initialize d array with INF, d[0] = 0.

- Use a min-heap priority queue: push (0, 0).

- While heap not empty: pop (du, u). If du > d[u] continue. For each (v, w) in rev_adj[u]: candidate = max(du, w). If candidate < d[v]: d[v] = candidate, push (candidate, v).

- After processing, if any d[i] is INF, return -1.

- Answer = max(d).

But is this correct? Let's test with Example 1.

Example 1 edges: [1,0,1],[2,0,2],[3,0,1],[4,3,1],[2,1,1]. Reversed adj:
0: from edges where b=0: (1,0,1) gives 0->1? Actually original 1->0 gives reversed 0->1 weight1; 2->0 gives 0->2 weight2; 3->0 gives 0->3 weight1. So rev_adj[0] = [(1,1), (2,2), (3,1)].
1: from original 2->1 gives 1->2 weight1? Wait original 2->1 gives reversed 1->2 weight1. Also any other? So rev_adj[1] = [(2,1)].
2: from original? 2->0 gave 0->2, already; 2->1 gave 1->2. Also maybe others? So rev_adj[2] = [].
3: from original 4->3 gives 3->4 weight1. Also 3->0 gave 0->3. So rev_adj[3] = [(4,1)].
4: from original? 4->3 gave 3->4. So rev_adj[4] = [].

Now run Dijkstra:
d[0]=0.
Pop (0,0): update neighbors: 1: max(0,1)=1 -> d[1]=1; 2: max(0,2)=2 -> d[2]=2; 3: max(0,1)=1 -> d[3]=1. Push (1,1),(2,2),(1,3).
Pop (1,1): from 1, edge to 2: candidate max(1,1)=1 -> d[2] becomes 1 (since 1<2). Push (1,2).
Pop (1,3): from 3, edge to 4: candidate max(1,1)=1 -> d[4]=1. Push (1,4).
Pop (1,2): from 2, no outgoing.
Pop (1,4): from 4, no outgoing.
Final d: [0,1,1,1,1]. Max=1. Answer 1. Good.

Example 3 we already did.

Example 2: reversed adj: from original 0->1,0->2,0->3,0->4,1->2,1->4. Reversed: 1->0,2->0,3->0,4->0,2->1,4->1. So rev_adj[0] = [] (since no original edge ends at 0). rev_adj[1] = [(0,1)]? Actually original 0->1 gives reversed 1->0 weight1. Also original 1->2 gives reversed 2->1 weight1? Wait, original 1->2 gives reversed 2->1 weight1, so that's an edge from 2 to 1, not from 1. So rev_adj[1] gets from original edges where b=1: which original edges have destination 1? None (0->1 has dest 1, so that gives reversed 1->0, which is from 1 to 0, not to 1). So rev_adj[1] should have outgoing edges from 1: we need to list edges that start from 1 in reversed graph. Which original edges have b=1? None. So rev_adj[1] = []. Actually, let's construct properly:

Original edges:
0->1 (1) -> reversed: 1->0 (1)
0->2 (2) -> reversed: 2->0 (2)
0->3 (1) -> reversed: 3->0 (1)
0->4 (1) -> reversed: 4->0 (1)
1->2 (1) -> reversed: 2->1 (1)
1->4 (1) -> reversed: 4->1 (1)

So reversed adjacency:
0: [] (no outgoing)
1: [ (0,1) ]? Wait, from 1 we have edge to 0 (from reversed of 0->1). So rev_adj[1] = [(0,1)].
2: [(0,2), (1,1)]? Actually from 2 we have edges to 0 (from 0->2) and to 1 (from 1->2). So rev_adj[2] = [(0,2), (1,1)].
3: [(0,1)]
4: [(0,1), (1,1)]

Now Dijkstra from 0: d[0]=0. But from 0, there are no outgoing edges, so no other nodes get updated. So d[1..4] remain INF. So we detect unreachable, return -1. Good.

Example 4: we already saw that some nodes unreachable, so -1.

Thus, the Dijkstra approach works.

Now, we must consider the out-degree constraint. Does the Dijkstra solution implicitly guarantee that we can select a subgraph with max edge weight = max(d) that also satisfies out-degree ≤ threshold? As argued, we can construct a spanning arborescence from the subgraph of edges with weight ≤ max(d). However, we need to ensure that such an arborescence can be built without violating out-degree constraint. Since threshold ≥1, and arborescence gives out-degree 1 for non-root nodes, it's fine. But is it always possible to build an arborescence using only edges with weight ≤ max(d)? We have that for each node v, there exists a path from 0 to v using edges with weight ≤ max(d). This implies that in the subgraph consisting of all edges with weight ≤ max(d), 0 can reach all nodes. Then we can perform a BFS/DFS from 0 in that subgraph and record parent pointers to form a spanning arborescence. That arborescence will use only edges from that subgraph, so max weight ≤ max(d). And out-degree of each node in original will be at most 1 (since each node except 0 will have exactly one incoming edge in the arborescence? Wait, careful: In the arborescence built in reversed graph, each node (except root) has exactly one incoming edge. In original, that corresponds to each node (except root) having exactly one outgoing edge (to its parent). So out-degree ≤1. So threshold≥1 satisfied.

Thus, the answer is max(d).

But we should also consider the possibility that the optimal solution might require using an edge with weight higher than max(d) if threshold is less than 1? Not applicable. Or if threshold is 0? Not allowed. So fine.

Now, is there any scenario where the Dijkstra approach gives a value that is not achievable because the out-degree constraint forces some node to have out-degree > threshold even with the arborescence? As argued, arborescence gives out-degree 1. But what if threshold is 1 and the arborescence gives node 0 an outgoing edge? In the arborescence built from reversed BFS, 0 may have outgoing edges to its children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's out-degree remains 0. So fine.

But could the arborescence include an edge from 0 to some node in original? That would be an original edge 0->v, which corresponds to a reversed edge v->0. In the reversed arborescence, such an edge would be an incoming edge to 0, which is not allowed in a rooted arborescence (root has no incoming edges). So the arborescence will not include any edge that points to 0 in reversed, i.e., no original edge from 0. So 0's out-degree stays 0.

Thus, all good.

Therefore, we can implement the Dijkstra-like algorithm to compute minimax distances from 0 in the reversed graph, and then answer = max(d) if all reachable, else -1.

Complexity: O(m log n). With n,m up to 1e5, this is efficient.

Now, we need to be careful about multiple edges: The algorithm handles them naturally.

Now, let's test with a more complex case to ensure correctness.

Consider n=4, edges: 1->2 (5), 2->0 (6), 1->3 (4), 3->0 (7). threshold=1. What is the answer? We need all nodes to reach 0. Options: For node 1, we can choose either 1->2 then 2->0, max = max(5,6)=6, or 1->3 then 3->0, max = max(4,7)=7, or 1->2 and also 1->3? But threshold=1, so only one outgoing from 1. So best is 1->2->0 giving max 6. Node 2 must have an outgoing edge: only 2->0 weight 6, so max at least 6. Node 3 must have outgoing: only 3->0 weight 7, so max at least 7. So overall max = 7. But could we do better by having node 3 point to something else? No. So answer 7.

Now, compute reversed graph: original edges: 1->2 (5), 2->0 (6), 1->3 (4), 3->0 (7). Reversed: 2->1 (5), 0->2 (6), 3->1 (4), 0->3 (7). Also note: 0->2 and 0->3. Dijkstra from 0: d[0]=0. From 0: to 2 with max(0,6)=6, d[2]=6; to 3 with max(0,7)=7, d[3]=7. From 2: to 1 with max(6,5)=6, d[1]=6. From 3: to 1 with max(7,4)=7, but d[1] already 6, so no update. So d = [0,6,6,7]. Max = 7. Good.

Now, consider if we could achieve max 6 by using a different structure? Node 3 must have an outgoing edge; only 3->0 weight 7, so max at least 7. So answer 7.

Now, consider a case where there are multiple paths and the bottleneck might be lower than the maximum of individual bottlenecks because we can choose different parents for different nodes. But the max of d[v] already captures the worst-case node's required bottleneck. So it's correct.

Now, consider a case where the reversed graph has a node that can be reached via a path with lower bottleneck, but that path uses an edge that, if used in the arborescence, would cause some other node to have a higher bottleneck? But the arborescence can be chosen to minimize the maximum edge weight overall, which is exactly the minimax spanning arborescence problem. The value of the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence is the minimum W such that there exists a spanning arborescence with all edges ≤ W. This is equivalent to the minimum W such that the subgraph of edges ≤ W has a spanning arborescence. And that is exactly the minimum W such that 0 can reach all nodes in that subgraph. And that W is the maximum over v of the minimax distance d[v]? Let's verify: For a given W, 0 can reach all nodes using edges ≤ W if and only if for every node v, d[v] ≤ W (since d[v] is the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from 0 to v). So the smallest W satisfying that is max_v d[v]. So indeed, the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence weight is max_v d[v]. So our answer matches.

Thus, the Dijkstra approach yields the answer directly.

Now, we should also consider the out-degree constraint: Could it be that the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence has max weight = max_v d[v], but due to out-degree constraint, we might need to use a different arborescence with a higher bottleneck? For instance, suppose threshold=1, but the only spanning arborescence with max weight = max_v d[v] might require some node to have out-degree 2? But an arborescence by definition has each node (except root) with exactly one incoming edge, which in original corresponds to exactly one outgoing edge. So out-degree is 1. So any spanning arborescence automatically satisfies out-degree ≤1. So if threshold=1, it's fine. If threshold>1, also fine. So no issue.

But could it be that there is no spanning arborescence with max weight = max_v d[v] that also respects out-degree ≤ threshold? That would require that any spanning arborescence with max weight ≤ max_v d[v] forces some node to have out-degree > threshold. But as argued, any spanning arborescence has out-degree 1 for non-root nodes. So if threshold ≥1, it's fine. So no.

Thus, the answer is max_v d[v].

Now, we need to implement this.

Implementation steps in code:

1. Build reversed adjacency list: rev = [[] for _ in range(n)].
   For each edge (a, b, w):
        rev[b].append((a, w))   # because reversed edge from b to a.

2. Initialize dist array with a large number (e.g., inf = 10**9+7 or float('inf')).
   dist[0] = 0.

3. Use heapq. Push (0, 0).

4. While heap:
        d_u, u = heappop()
        if d_u != dist[u]: continue
        for v, w in rev[u]:
            cand = max(d_u, w)
            if cand < dist[v]:
                dist[v] = cand
                heappush(heap, (cand, v))

5. After loop, if any dist[i] is inf, return -1.

6. Return max(dist).

But we must be careful: The answer is the minimum possible maximum edge weight after removal. According to our reasoning, it's max(dist). However, we should test with a case where the answer might be lower than max(dist) if we can use a non-arborescence subgraph that reduces the max weight for some node below its minimax value? That's impossible because for a node v, the minimum possible maximum edge weight on any path from v to 0 is exactly the minimax distance from 0 to v in reversed graph. If we want all nodes to reach 0, for each node v, the max edge weight on the path from v to 0 must be at least that minimax value. Therefore, the overall maximum edge weight in the kept subgraph must be at least the maximum over v of these minimax values. So max(dist) is a lower bound. And we have shown it's achievable. So it's optimal.

Thus, answer = max(dist).

Now, we need to consider the possibility of multiple edges with same (a,b) but different weights. Our adjacency list will include both. The algorithm will consider them, and the relaxation will pick the one that yields lower candidate. That's fine.

Now, let's test with a more complex random case to ensure no oversight.

Consider n=4, edges: 1->2 (1), 2->0 (10), 1->3 (2), 3->0 (3). threshold=1. The minimax distances: from 0 in reversed: 0->2 (10) gives d[2]=10; 0->3 (3) gives d[3]=3; from 2->1 (1) gives d[1]=max(10,1)=10; from 3->1 (2) gives candidate max(3,2)=3, so d[1]=3. So d = [0,3,10,3]. Max=10. But is the answer 10? Let's see if we can achieve max weight less than 10. Node 2 must have an outgoing edge to 0 (weight 10) because it's the only outgoing from 2. So max at least 10. So answer 10. Good.

Now, consider if there is an alternative: Could we have node 2 point to something else? No. So 10 is forced.

Now, consider a case where a node has multiple outgoing edges, and the minimax distance for that node might be low, but another node forces a high weight. That's captured.

Now, consider a case where the reversed graph has a node that can be reached via two paths, one with high max but low on some edges, and another with lower max but higher on some edges? The minimax picks the minimum possible max.

Now, edge case: What if there is a node that can only be reached from 0 via a path that includes an edge with weight W, but there is another path that uses a higher weight edge but overall max is lower? That can't happen because max is the maximum along the path; if one path has max W1 and another has max W2, the minimax is min(W1, W2). So our algorithm finds that.

Thus, Dijkstra works.

Now, we must also consider that the graph may have up to 1e5 nodes and edges, and weights up to 1e6. Using heapq with integers is fine.

Now, about the out-degree constraint: we haven't used threshold at all in the algorithm. But the problem requires that each node has at most threshold outgoing edges. Our constructed arborescence will have out-degree 1 for non-root nodes, which is ≤ threshold if threshold ≥ 1. But what if threshold is 0? Not allowed. So we can ignore threshold. However, is there any scenario where threshold is 1 but the arborescence we construct might give some node out-degree 0? That would be node 0 only, which is fine. Others have out-degree 1. So okay.

But wait, what about node 0? Could the arborescence give node 0 an outgoing edge? In the reversed BFS tree, 0 may have children. Those correspond to original edges from those children to 0. So 0's out-degree remains 0. So fine.

Thus, we can ignore threshold in computation, but we must still check that threshold is at least 1? It is, so fine.

But the problem might have a scenario where threshold is less than the out-degree required in any feasible solution, even if reachability holds. Could that happen? Let's try to construct a case where every node must have at least 2 outgoing edges to ensure all nodes can reach 0, due to some constraint? For a node to reach 0, it only needs one outgoing edge that leads to 0. So out-degree 1 is sufficient. So threshold=1 is enough. So if threshold=1, it's always possible as long as reachability holds. But wait, what about node 0? It doesn't need any outgoing edge. So threshold=1 is sufficient. So any threshold >=1 is sufficient. So the only impossible case is when reachability fails. So threshold doesn't add extra impossibility.

But is there a scenario where reachability holds, but due to threshold being 1, we cannot select a spanning arborescence because that would require some node to have out-degree 0? No, each non-root node must have out-degree at least 1 to reach 0. In an arborescence, they have exactly 1. So it's fine.

Thus, the answer is independent of threshold.

Nevertheless, the problem statement includes threshold, so we should at least mention that we assume threshold >=1, which is given. So our solution is valid.

Now, let's think about potential pitfalls: The Dijkstra algorithm for minimax path works because the relaxation is monotonic and the priority queue selects the node with smallest current d. This is similar to finding the minimum spanning tree in terms of bottleneck? Actually, there is an alternative: we could sort edges by weight and use union-find to check when 0 can reach all nodes in reversed graph, but that would be for undirected? Not directly. But Dijkstra is fine.

But we must ensure that the graph is directed. Our reversed adjacency is directed. Dijkstra works on directed graphs with non-negative weights. The relaxation uses max, which is non-negative. So it's fine.

Now, test with a case where there are cycles. Example: n=3, edges: 1->2 (1), 2->1 (2), 2->0 (3). threshold=1. Can all nodes reach 0? Node 2 can go 2->0 (3). Node 1 can go 1->2->0 (1,3) max=3. So answer should be 3? But maybe we can do better: If we keep 1->2 (1) and 2->0 (3), max=3. Could we keep 2->1 (2) and 1->2 (1) and 2->0 (3)? That would give node 1 path 1->2->0 max=3, node 2 path 2->0 max=3, but node 1 also has 1->2->1 cycle, but still max=3. Could we avoid the weight 3 edge? Node 2 must have an outgoing edge to reach 0; only 2->0 weight 3 exists, so max at least 3. So answer 3.

Now, reversed graph: original: 1->2 (1), 2->1 (2), 2->0 (3). Reversed: 2->1 (1), 1->2 (2), 0->2 (3). Dijkstra from 0: d[0]=0; from 0->2 (3) -> d[2]=3; from 2->1 (1) -> candidate max(3,1)=3 -> d[1]=3; from 1->2 (2) -> candidate max(3,2)=3 no change. So max=3. Good.

Now, consider a case where there is a direct edge from a node to 0 with high weight, but a longer path with lower max weight. For example, n=3, edges: 1->0 (5), 1->2 (1), 2->0 (2). threshold=1. Node 1 can go 1->2->0 with max=2, which is better than direct 5. Node 2 must go 2->0 weight 2. So answer should be 2. Reversed graph: original: 1->0 (5), 1->2 (1), 2->0 (2). Reversed: 0->1 (5), 2->1 (1), 0->2 (2). Dijkstra from 0: d[0]=0; from 0->1 (5) -> d[1]=5; from 0->2 (2) -> d[2]=2; from 2->1 (1) -> candidate max(2,1)=2 -> d[1] becomes 2. So max=2. Good.

Thus, algorithm works.

Now, we need to implement in Python.

Potential issues: The graph may be large, so recursion depth not an issue with iterative.

We'll use heapq.

Now, about the threshold: The problem might expect us to consider it, but we can just ignore it after reasoning. However, to be safe, we could add a check: if threshold == 0, return -1 (but not needed). Or we could incorporate it in the feasibility: after computing d, we could attempt to construct an arborescence and check out-degree, but that's unnecessary.

But maybe there is a scenario where the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence has max weight = max(d), but due to threshold being less than the out-degree of some node in every spanning arborescence with that max weight, we might need to use a different subgraph with higher max weight. Could that happen? Let's think: In a spanning arborescence, each node (except root) has exactly one outgoing edge. So out-degree is 1. So if threshold >=1, it's fine. But what if threshold = 1 and the arborescence we construct gives some node out-degree 1, which is allowed. So no issue.

But could there be a case where the only spanning arborescences with max weight ≤ W have some node with out-degree >1? That's impossible because any spanning arborescence by definition has each node with at most one incoming edge, which corresponds to out-degree at most 1 in original? Wait, mapping again: In a spanning arborescence rooted at 0 in reversed graph, each node (except root) has exactly one incoming edge. In original, that corresponds to each node (except root) having exactly one outgoing edge (to its parent). So out-degree is exactly 1. So any spanning arborescence has out-degree exactly 1 for non-root nodes. So if threshold=1, it's exactly 1, which is allowed. If threshold>1, also allowed. So no conflict.

Thus, threshold doesn't affect.

But what if the graph has multiple edges and we might want to keep more than one outgoing edge from a node to reduce max weight? That would increase out-degree, but could it allow a lower max weight? Suppose node v has two outgoing edges: one low-weight edge to a node that cannot reach 0 without using a high-weight edge, and another medium-weight edge to a node that can reach 0 via low-weight edges. If we keep only the low-weight edge, then v's path would be v->x->... but x might need a high-weight edge to reach 0. So the max weight on v's path might be high (the high-weight edge from x). If we keep both edges, v could use the low-weight edge to x, and also we could keep an extra edge from x to somewhere else that is low-weight, enabling x to reach 0 without the high-weight edge. But that extra edge is from x, not from v. So v still has only one outgoing edge (the low-weight one). So we don't need v to have two outgoing edges. So again, out-degree 1 suffices.

Thus, threshold is not needed.

Given this, I'll implement the Dijkstra solution.

But before finalizing, let's double-check the problem statement for any subtlety: "You have to remove some edges from this graph (possibly none), so that it satisfies the following conditions: Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes. The maximum edge weight in the resulting graph is minimized. Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." It doesn't say we must keep the graph minimal; we can keep extra edges. But we want to minimize the maximum edge weight. So we would not keep any edge with weight higher than necessary. So we can assume we keep only edges that are needed for connectivity and have weight ≤ the optimum. So our approach of taking a spanning arborescence is valid.

Now, could there be a case where the optimal solution uses more than n-1 edges because keeping an extra edge allows us to remove a high-weight edge from the tree, resulting in a lower max weight? For example, suppose we have a high-weight edge that is necessary in any spanning tree, but by adding an extra edge, we could replace that high-weight edge with a combination of lower-weight edges, but that would still be a tree? Actually, if the high-weight edge is necessary in any spanning tree, that means it's a bridge in the sense of directed connectivity? In directed graphs, the concept of bridge is different. But consider: In a directed graph towards 0, an edge might be essential for some node to have a path to 0, meaning that without that edge, that node cannot reach 0. If we add another edge, maybe we can provide an alternative path for that node, thus making the high-weight edge unnecessary. But if there exists an alternative path using only lower-weight edges, then the high-weight edge is not necessary in the first place; we could just use that alternative path in the tree. So the existence of an alternative path means that there is a spanning arborescence that avoids the high-weight edge. So the high-weight edge is not forced. So the optimal max weight would be determined by the bottleneck of the best arborescence. So again, tree suffices.

Thus, the answer is max(d).

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the graph may have multiple components, but we already check reachability.

Now, implement.

Potential pitfalls: The reversed adjacency list may be large; we should use list of lists.

We'll use sys.setrecursionlimit but not needed.

Now, write code.

But wait, there is a nuance: The Dijkstra algorithm for minimax path is correct, but we must ensure that we are using the correct direction. We built reversed adjacency from original a->b to b->a. Then we run Dijkstra from 0 on this reversed graph. The distance d[v] is the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from 0 to v in the reversed graph. That corresponds to the minimum possible maximum edge weight on a path from v to 0 in original. So for each node v, the minimum possible max weight on a path from v to 0 is d[v]. To have all nodes reach 0, we need to ensure that for each v, there is a path with max weight ≤ W. The smallest W that works for all is max_v d[v]. So answer = max(d).

But is it always possible to simultaneously achieve d[v] for all v with a single subgraph? That is, can we select a set of edges such that for each v, the max weight on its path to 0 is exactly d[v] (or ≤ max(d))? Since we can take the subgraph of all edges with weight ≤ max(d), then from 0 we can reach all v in reversed graph (because d[v] ≤ max(d) implies there exists a path with max ≤ max(d)). Then we can take a spanning arborescence within that subgraph, which will have max edge weight ≤ max(d). So yes.

Thus, answer = max(d).

Now, we must also consider that the answer could be 0? No, because weights are at least 1, and if n=1? n>=2, so at least one edge needed, so answer >=1.

Now, let's test with a case where there is a node that can only be reached from 0 via a path that includes an edge with weight 5, but there is another path with max 4 but that path uses an edge with weight 4 that is not present in the subgraph of edges ≤4? Wait, if there is a path with max 4, then all edges on that path have weight ≤4, so they are in the subgraph of edges ≤4. So d[v] would be ≤4. So if d[v]=5, that means any path from 0 to v has at least one edge with weight ≥5, and the minimum possible maximum is 5. So that's correct.

Now, implement.

But we should also think about the possibility of using the threshold to allow more than one outgoing edge, which could reduce the max weight below max(d)? Let's try to construct a counterexample where max(d) is, say, 10, but by allowing a node to have two outgoing edges, we can achieve max weight 9. Is that possible? Suppose there is a node v that has two outgoing edges: one with weight 9 to a node that can reach 0 only via a path with max 10, and another with weight 10 to a node that can reach 0 via a path with max 9. If we only allow one outgoing edge from v, we must choose one. If we choose the 9 edge, then v's path max = max(9,10)=10. If we choose the 10 edge, max = max(10,9)=10. So either way, v's max is 10. But if we could keep both edges, could v have a path to 0 with max 9? No, because v's path must start with one of its outgoing edges. If it starts with the 9 edge, then the rest of the path has max 10, so overall max 10. If it starts with the 10 edge, max 10. So keeping both doesn't give a new path; v still must choose one edge to start. So max remains 10. So no improvement.

What about a scenario where a node u needs to reach 0, and the only path from u to 0 goes through v, and v has two outgoing edges. If we keep both, u's path still goes through v and then whichever edge v uses. So still same.

Thus, multiple outgoing edges don't help reduce the max weight for a given node's path.

But could they help other nodes? For a node w that is not v, having multiple outgoing edges from v doesn't affect w's path unless w's path goes through v. But w's path through v will use v's outgoing edge. If v has two outgoing edges, w's path could use either, but we can choose the one that yields lower max for w. However, that choice is independent of whether v has one or two outgoing edges; we can simply select the better one as the single outgoing edge for v in the arborescence. So again, no need for multiple.

Thus, threshold doesn't affect the optimum.

Therefore, final solution: compute minimax distances from 0 in reversed graph, answer = max(dist) if all reachable else -1.

Now, we should also consider that the answer might be -1 if threshold is too small to allow a spanning arborescence? But as argued, spanning arborescence has out-degree 1, so threshold must be at least 1. Since threshold >=1, it's fine. But what if threshold = 0? Not allowed. So no.

Thus, we can ignore threshold.

But wait, the problem statement says "Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." In our arborescence, node 0 has out-degree 0, which is ≤ threshold. Other nodes have out-degree 1. So if threshold = 1, it's exactly 1, allowed. If threshold > 1, also allowed. So fine.

Now, let's think about a scenario where the graph has a node that has no outgoing edge at all in the original graph, but can still reach 0? Impossible, because to reach 0, it must have at least one outgoing edge. So such a node would make reachability impossible, and we return -1. So that's covered.

Now, implement.

But we must be careful: The reversed graph Dijkstra from 0 might not reach all nodes even if in original all nodes can reach 0? Actually, if in original all nodes can reach 0, then in reversed, 0 can reach all nodes. So it's equivalent. So our check for unreachable nodes in reversed Dijkstra is correct.

Now, about the threshold: Could there be a scenario where all nodes can reach 0, but any spanning arborescence would require some node to have out-degree > threshold because threshold might be 0? Not allowed. So fine.

Thus, final code.

But before writing final answer, let's test with some random small graphs via mental simulation.

Case: n=3, edges: 1->0 (5), 2->1 (3), 2->0 (4). threshold=1. Options: Node 2 must have one outgoing edge. If choose 2->1 (3), then path 2->1->0 max = max(3,5)=5. If choose 2->0 (4), max=4. Node 1 must have outgoing edge: only 1->0 (5). So max at least 5. So answer 5. Reversed graph: original: 1->0 (5), 2->1 (3), 2->0 (4). Reversed: 0->1 (5), 1->2 (3), 0->2 (4). Dijkstra from 0: d[0]=0; to 1:5; to 2:4; from 1->2: candidate max(5,3)=5, but d[2]=4 already. So d = [0,5,4]. Max=5. Good.

Now, consider if we could keep both outgoing edges from node 2 (2->1 and 2->0) with threshold=2. Then node 2 out-degree=2, but node 1 still has 1->0 weight5. Max weight = max(5,3,4)=5. Still 5. So no improvement.

Now, consider a more tricky case: Suppose there is a node that can reach 0 via two different paths, but both have a high-weight edge, but by combining them we might avoid the high-weight edge? Not possible.

Thus, solution stands.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of using the threshold to allow node 0 to have outgoing edges that could help other nodes reach 0? That doesn't make sense.

Thus, final answer: compute max of minimax distances.

Now, implement.

But we must also consider that the graph may have up to 10^5 nodes and edges, and we need to use efficient data structures. We'll use list of lists for adjacency, and heapq.

Now, write the code.

Pseudo:

class Solution:
    def minMaxWeight(self, n: int, edges: List[List[int]], threshold: int) -> int:
        # Build reversed adjacency
        rev = [[] for _ in range(n)]
        for a, b, w in edges:
            rev[b].append((a, w))
        INF = 10**9
        dist = [INF] * n
        dist[0] = 0
        import heapq
        heap = [(0, 0)]
        while heap:
            d_u, u = heapq.heappop(heap)
            if d_u != dist[u]:
                continue
            for v, w in rev[u]:
                cand = max(d_u, w)
                if cand < dist[v]:
                    dist[v] = cand
                    heapq.heappush(heap, (cand, v))
        # Check if all reachable
        if any(d == INF for d in dist):
            return -1
        return max(dist)

But wait, we didn't use threshold. Should we incorporate a check that threshold >= 1? It's given. But maybe there is a scenario where threshold is 1 but the arborescence we would construct might give node 0 an outgoing edge? As argued, no. But what if the only way to have all nodes reach 0 is to have node 0 with an outgoing edge? Could that be necessary? Consider a graph where there is a cycle that includes 0, and without an outgoing edge from 0, some node cannot reach 0? Let's think: Suppose we have nodes 0,1,2. Edges: 1->2 (1), 2->1 (2). There is no edge to 0. So node 0 is isolated. Then no node can reach 0. So not reachable. To make 0 reachable, we need at least one edge pointing to 0. So 0 must have incoming edges, not outgoing. So outgoing from 0 is never needed for others to reach 0. So fine.

Thus, threshold not needed.

But what if threshold is 0? Not allowed.

Thus, we can ignore threshold.

But the problem might expect us to use threshold in the solution, perhaps because the optimal solution might require some node to have out-degree >1 to achieve a lower max weight, and threshold limits that. But we argued it's not beneficial. Let's try to find a counterexample where having two outgoing edges from a node allows a lower max weight than any arborescence.

Consider a graph where there is a node v that has two outgoing edges: one low-weight edge to a node x, and another low-weight edge to a node y. Both x and y can reach 0 only via a high-weight edge from some other node z, but if we keep both edges from v, we could perhaps arrange that x and y use different paths that avoid the high-weight edge? But the high-weight edge is from z, not from v. Keeping extra edges from v doesn't affect z's outgoing edges. So still need to deal with z.

Maybe a scenario where a node u needs to reach 0, and the only path goes through v, and v has two possible outgoing edges: one leads to a subgraph that contains a high-weight edge, the other leads to a subgraph that also contains a high-weight edge but different. If we could split the traffic such that some nodes go through one edge and others through the other, we might reduce the maximum weight experienced by any single node? But the maximum edge weight in the whole graph is the maximum over all kept edges, not per path. So if we keep both edges from v, we might be able to avoid keeping the high-weight edge from z by using an alternative path for some nodes, but the high-weight edge might still be needed for others. However, if we can avoid keeping the high-weight edge entirely by using alternative paths for all nodes that would have needed it, then the high-weight edge is not needed at all. So an arborescence that avoids it exists. So again, no need for multiple outgoing edges from v.

What about a scenario where the high-weight edge is unavoidable for some node, but by having multiple outgoing edges from some node, we can reduce the number of times that high-weight edge is used? That doesn't affect the max weight; it's still present.

Thus, I'm convinced.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the answer might be -1 if threshold is too small to allow a spanning arborescence even if reachability holds. But as argued, spanning arborescence requires out-degree 1 for non-root nodes. So if threshold = 0, impossible, but threshold >=1. So fine.

But wait, what about node 0? In a spanning arborescence, 0 may have outgoing edges in the reversed tree, which correspond to original edges from children to 0. So 0's out-degree is 0. So threshold for 0 is satisfied as long as threshold >=0, which is true.

Thus, no issue.

Now, let's test with a case where threshold is 1 but the graph has a node that must have out-degree 2 to allow all nodes to reach 0 because of some constraint like each node can have at most threshold outgoing edges, but maybe we need to keep an extra edge to satisfy the condition that node 0 is reachable from all nodes, but that extra edge might be necessary to provide a path for some node that otherwise would have no path? But if a node has no path to 0, adding an extra edge from another node doesn't give it a path unless that edge is from the node itself. So each node must have its own outgoing edge(s). So out-degree 1 suffices.

Thus, final solution.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of multiple edges with same direction but different weights. Our algorithm handles that.

Now, implement.

But we must also consider that the answer might be -1 if max(dist) is INF? We already check.

Now, let's think about performance: Dijkstra with max relaxation may push many updates, but each edge can cause at most one update if we use typical Dijkstra with decrease-key? In our implementation, we push new entries when we find a better distance, and we may have multiple entries for a node, but we skip outdated ones. This is standard. Complexity O(m log n).

Now, we must be careful about the initial distance for node 0: 0.

Now, test with a large case mentally.

Now, we should also consider that the graph may have up to 10^5 nodes and edges, and weights up to 10^6, so dist values fit in int.

Now, finalize.

But before finalizing, let's double-check the problem statement: "There may be multiple edges between a pair of nodes, but they must have unique weights." So we can have parallel edges. Our adjacency list will include both.

Now, what about the threshold? The problem might be expecting us to use threshold in a more involved way, but our solution ignores it. Could there be a scenario where threshold is less than the out-degree required in the optimal subgraph, even though we can always choose an arborescence with out-degree 1? But if threshold is 1, out-degree 1 is allowed. So if threshold is 1, it's exactly the arborescence's out-degree. So it's fine. If threshold is larger, it's also fine. So threshold doesn't restrict.

But what if threshold is 1 and the arborescence we construct gives some node out-degree 0? That would be node 0 only, which is fine. Others have 1.

Thus, no issue.

I think the problem might have been designed such that the out-degree constraint is relevant when threshold is less than the number of outgoing edges needed in a minimum bottleneck arborescence, but as argued, any arborescence has out-degree 1. So threshold >=1 suffices. So maybe the original problem had threshold as an upper bound on incoming edges? Or maybe I misinterpreted the direction of edges relative to reachability. Let's re-express: The condition is "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." That means for each node v, there is a path from v to 0. In the resulting graph, each node can have at most threshold outgoing edges. In an arborescence where each node points to its parent, each node (except 0) has exactly one outgoing edge. So out-degree = 1. So threshold must be at least 1. Since threshold is at least 1, it's fine. So the constraint is not restrictive.

But what if the optimal solution is not a tree but a graph where some nodes have out-degree 0? That would mean they can't reach 0 unless they are 0. So not allowed. So out-degree at least 1 for non-zero nodes.

Thus, threshold >=1 is necessary for feasibility if there is any node other than 0. Since threshold is at least 1, it's always possible to have out-degree 1.

Thus, the only feasibility condition is reachability.

Therefore, the solution is correct.

Now, I'll produce the final code.

But wait, the problem might have a twist: The out-degree constraint applies to the resulting graph after removal, but we might be forced to keep some edges that cause out-degree > threshold because we need to keep connectivity for other nodes? But we can always choose a tree. So no.

Thus, final answer.

Now, I'll write the solution with comments explaining the reasoning.

Implementation details:

- Use from typing import List.
- Use heapq.

Edge case: n could be 1? But n>=2.

Now, code:

```python
class Solution:
    def minMaxWeight(self, n: int, edges: List[List[int]], threshold: int) -> int:
        # Build reversed graph: for each original edge a->b with weight w, add b->a with weight w.
        rev_adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]
        for a, b, w in edges:
            rev_adj[b].append((a, w))
        
        INF = 10**9
        dist = [INF] * n
        dist[0] = 0
        import heapq
        heap = [(0, 0)]
        while heap:
            d_u, u = heapq.heappop(heap)
            if d_u != dist[u]:
                continue
            for v, w in rev_adj[u]:
                cand = max(d_u, w)
                if cand < dist[v]:
                    dist[v] = cand
                    heapq.heappush(heap, (cand, v))
        
        # If any node is unreachable from 0 in reversed graph, it means in original
        # that node cannot reach 0, so impossible.
        if any(d == INF for d in dist):
            return -1
        
        # The answer is the maximum of these minimax distances.
        return max(dist)
```

But we didn't use threshold. Should we include a check that threshold >= 1? It's given, so fine.

However, the problem might expect that if threshold is less than 1, return -1, but not needed.

But to be safe, we could add: if threshold < 1: return -1, but threshold >=1 per constraints.

Now, test with given examples.

Example 1: n=5, edges as given. Our code should return 1.

Example 2: returns -1.

Example 3: returns 2.

Example 4: returns -1.

All good.

Now, consider a case where threshold is 1 but the graph has a node with out-degree 0 in the original? That would be caught by unreachable.

Now, let's think about a potential bug: The Dijkstra algorithm uses max(d_u, w). This is correct for minimax. However, we must ensure that the graph is directed correctly. We built rev_adj[b].append((a,w)). That means from node b we can go to a with weight w. This corresponds to original edge a->b. So a path from 0 to v in reversed graph corresponds to a path from v to 0 in original. Good.

Now, what about the starting node 0? In reversed graph, we start from 0. But is it guaranteed that 0 can reach itself? Yes.

Now, what about nodes that are not reachable from 0 in reversed graph? They will have INF, we return -1.

Now, the answer is max(dist). But is it possible that the answer is 0? Only if n=1, but n>=2, so not.

Now, we should also consider that the answer might be the maximum weight among edges in the arborescence, which is max(dist). But could there be a scenario where the maximum edge weight in the arborescence is less than max(dist)? No, because for the node with dist = max(dist), any path from 0 to that node in reversed graph has max edge weight at least max(dist). In the arborescence we construct, the path to that node will have max edge weight exactly its dist (if we use the path that achieves that dist). But we might not use that exact path; we might use a different path with higher max? However, we can construct the arborescence by taking for each node the edge that gave it its dist value during Dijkstra? Actually, we can reconstruct the paths by storing predecessors when we update dist. Then the union of those paths may contain cycles, but we can extract a tree. The maximum edge weight in that tree will be at most max(dist) because each edge used in those paths has weight ≤ the dist of the child node? Not necessarily: Suppose we have an edge from u to v with weight w, and we updated dist[v] to cand = max(dist[u], w). If we later find a better dist[v] via another path, we might discard that edge. The final dist[v] is the minimum possible max. The edges that achieve the final dist for each node may not form a tree because multiple nodes may share edges. But we can construct a spanning arborescence by running a BFS/DFS from 0 using only edges with weight ≤ max(dist). Since we know that for each node v, there exists a path from 0 to v with max edge weight ≤ max(dist) (because dist[v] ≤ max(dist)), the subgraph of edges with weight ≤ max(dist) has 0 reaching all nodes. Then we can take any spanning arborescence within that subgraph, e.g., by BFS and recording the first time we visit each node. That arborescence will have max edge weight ≤ max(dist). So achievable.

Thus, answer = max(dist).

Now, we should also consider that the answer might be -1 if threshold is less than the out-degree required in any such arborescence. But as argued, arborescence out-degree is 1. So if threshold = 0, impossible. But threshold >=1. So fine.

Now, finalize.

But wait, the problem might have a hidden condition: "Each node has at most threshold outgoing edges." In our arborescence, each non-root node has exactly one outgoing edge. That's ≤ threshold if threshold ≥ 1. However, what about node 0? It has 0 outgoing edges. So fine.

But could there be a case where the only way to achieve the minimax value is to use a subgraph that is not a tree and has some node with out-degree >1, and any tree would have a higher max weight? Let's attempt to construct such a case.

Suppose we have nodes 0,1,2,3. Edges:
1->0 weight 5
2->1 weight 1
2->3 weight 2
3->0 weight 3
3->1 weight 4

We need all nodes to reach 0. Let's compute minimax distances from 0 in reversed graph.

Original edges:
1->0 (5)
2->1 (1)
2->3 (2)
3->0 (3)
3->1 (4)

Reversed:
0->1 (5)
1->2 (1)
3->2 (2)
0->3 (3)
1->3 (4)

Dijkstra from 0:
d[0]=0
From 0: to 1:5, to 3:3 -> d[1]=5, d[3]=3
From 3: to 2: max(3,2)=2 -> d[2]=2
From 2: no outgoing? Actually reversed adjacency for 2? From original 2->1 and 2->3, reversed are 1->2 and 3->2, so 2 has no outgoing. So done.
d = [0,5,2,3]. max=5.

Now, can we achieve max weight 5 with a tree? Let's see. We need each node to have a path to 0. Node 2 must reach 0: options: 2->1->0 (1,5) max=5, or 2->3->0 (2,3) max=3. So node 2 can achieve max 3 via 2->3->0. Node 3 can go 3->0 (3) max=3. Node 1 must go 1->0 (5) max=5. So overall max at least 5. So answer 5. That matches max(d)=5.

Now, could we achieve max 4 by using a non-tree? Suppose we keep edges: 1->0 (5) still needed for node 1. So max at least 5. So no.

Now, try to design a case where a node has two outgoing edges, and by using both we can avoid a high-weight edge that would otherwise be forced in any tree. For that to happen, the high-weight edge must be avoidable by using an alternative path that requires an extra outgoing edge from some node, but that alternative path might use edges that are low-weight, but the node that would have used the high-weight edge in the tree could instead use a different path that goes through a different outgoing edge from some ancestor. However, in a tree, each node has exactly one outgoing edge. If we allow a node to have two outgoing edges, we could have two different paths from that node to 0, and we could assign different downstream nodes to use different outgoing edges, potentially reducing the load on a high-weight edge. But the maximum edge weight in the whole graph is the maximum over all kept edges. If we can avoid keeping the high-weight edge entirely, then the max reduces. So the question is: Is there a scenario where the high-weight edge is unavoidable in any spanning arborescence, but by having a node with two outgoing edges, we can avoid including that high-weight edge in the graph altogether? That would mean that the high-weight edge is not needed for connectivity if we allow multiple outgoing edges from some node, but in any arborescence (each node one outgoing) it is needed. Let's try to construct.

Consider a graph where there is a node v that has two children a and b. Both a and b need to reach 0. Suppose the only way for a to reach 0 is via an edge a->x with weight high (say 10), and the only way for b to reach 0 is via an edge b->y with weight high (10). But there is also an edge v->0 with weight 5. In a tree, v can have only one outgoing edge. If v points to 0 (weight 5), then a and b must have paths to v? But a and b are children of v? Actually, edges from a and b to v? We need to define direction: We need a and b to reach 0. If we set v->0, then a and b need to reach v. Suppose there are edges a->v (low) and b->v (low). Then a can go a->v->0, max = max(low,5)=5; similarly b. So no high-weight edges needed. So not a counterexample.

We need a situation where a and b cannot both reach 0 via the same outgoing edge from v because that would force a high-weight edge somewhere else. Hmm.

Consider a graph with nodes 0, v, a, b. Edges:
v->0 weight 5
a->v weight 1
b->v weight 1
a->0 weight 10 (direct)
b->0 weight 10 (direct)

In a tree, v can have only one outgoing edge. If we set v->0 (5), then a and b can use a->v->0 and b->v->0, max = max(1,5)=5. So we don't need the weight 10 edges. So tree works with max 5. So not counterexample.

We need a scenario where using v->0 forces some other node to use a high-weight edge because that node cannot reach v. So maybe a cannot reach v; only can reach 0 directly via high-weight edge. Then in a tree, if v->0, a must use a->0 (10). So max=10. If instead we could have v have two outgoing edges: one to 0 (5) and one to a? But v->a would be an edge from v to a, but a needs to reach 0, not v. That doesn't help.

Maybe we need a node that serves as a hub for multiple nodes, but the hub's outgoing edge is high-weight, and by splitting the hub into two nodes? Not clear.

Let's think differently: In a directed graph towards 0, each node chooses a parent. The set of chosen edges forms a functional graph. The maximum edge weight is the maximum over chosen edges. We want to minimize that maximum. This is exactly the problem of finding a spanning arborescence that minimizes the maximum edge weight. That is a known problem solvable by binary search or by computing minimax distances. The out-degree constraint is separate but doesn't affect because we can always pick an arborescence with out-degree 1.

Thus, I'm confident.

Now, I'll produce the final answer with the Dijkstra solution.

But before final, let's consider if there is any scenario where the answer is -1 even though all nodes can reach 0, because threshold is 0? Not allowed. Or because threshold is 1 but some node must have out-degree 2 to allow all nodes to reach 0? I think not.

Thus, final code.

But wait, the problem might be from LeetCode and the solution might be expected to use binary search with BFS, but Dijkstra is also acceptable.

Now, I'll write the final solution with comments explaining the transformation and the minimax Dijkstra.

Potential improvement: Since we only need the maximum of dist, we could also use a variant of Prim's algorithm to compute the minimum bottleneck spanning arborescence directly, but Dijkstra is simpler.

Now, final code.

One more check: In the Dijkstra, we used rev_adj[b].append((a, w)). This means from b we can go to a. That's correct.

Now, test with a case where there are multiple edges between same nodes: e.g., n=2, edges: [1,0,5], [1,0,3]. Then reversed: 0->1 with weights 5 and 3. Dijkstra: from 0, we can go to 1 with candidate max(0,5)=5 and max(0,3)=3, so d[1]=3. max=3. Answer should be 3 (keep the weight 3 edge). Good.

Now, test with a case where there is a node that can be reached via two paths with different bottlenecks, and the max of d is determined by the worst node. Works.

Now, finalize.

But we should also consider that the answer might be -1 if threshold is less than 1? Not needed.

Now, I'll produce the final answer.

However, I recall that in some problems, the out-degree constraint might be on the resulting graph after removal, and we might need to ensure that each node's out-degree does not exceed threshold. In our constructed arborescence, out-degree is 1 for non-root nodes. So if threshold is 1, it's exactly 1, which is allowed. But what if threshold is 1 and the arborescence we construct gives some node out-degree 0? Only node 0, which is allowed. So fine.

But what if threshold is 1 and the graph has a node that has no outgoing edge in the original graph? Then it's unreachable, so -1.

Thus, all good.

Now, I'll write the final solution.

But wait, the problem might have a twist: The condition "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" might be interpreted as "from node 0, you can reach all other nodes". Let's double-check the phrasing: "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes." In English, "A is reachable from B" means there is a path from B to A. So "Node 0 must be reachable from all other nodes" means for every node v, there is a path from v to 0. That's what we used. If they meant the opposite, they'd say "All other nodes must be reachable from node 0." So our interpretation is correct.

But sometimes problems use ambiguous phrasing. Let's check the examples to confirm.

Example 1: They removed edge 2->0. The resulting graph: edges: 1->0, 3->0, 4->3, 2->1. From node 2, path 2->1->0 reaches 0. So 0 is reachable from 2. From node 4, 4->3->0. So yes, 0 reachable from all. If the condition were the opposite (0 can reach all), then in the resulting graph, can 0 reach all? 0 has no outgoing edges, so cannot reach any. So that would not satisfy. So our interpretation is correct.

Thus, final.

Now, I'll produce the final answer with code.

But before final, consider if we need to use threshold at all. The problem might expect that if threshold is too small to allow a spanning arborescence (e.g., threshold=0), return -1. But threshold >=1, so not needed. However, to be thorough, we could add a quick check: if threshold == 0: return -1 (but not necessary). Or we could check if any node has out-degree > threshold in the arborescence? But it won't.

Thus, final code as above.

Now, I'll write the final answer.
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
```python
from typing import List
import heapq

class Solution:
    def minMaxWeight(self, n: int, edges: List[List[int]], threshold: int) -> int:
        # Build the reversed graph: for each original edge a->b with weight w,
        # we add an edge b->a with the same weight.
        rev_adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]
        for a, b, w in edges:
            rev_adj[b].append((a, w))

        INF = 10**9
        dist = [INF] * n
        dist[0] = 0
        heap = [(0, 0)]  # (current minimax distance, node)

        while heap:
            d_u, u = heapq.heappop(heap)
            if d_u != dist[u]:
                continue
            for v, w in rev_adj[u]:
                cand = max(d_u, w)
                if cand < dist[v]:
                    dist[v] = cand
                    heapq.heappush(heap, (cand, v))

        # If any node is unreachable from 0 in the reversed graph,
        # then in the original graph that node cannot reach 0.
        if any(d == INF for d in dist):
            return -1

        # The answer is the maximum of the minimax distances.
        # It equals the smallest possible maximum edge weight.
        return max(dist)

```