=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a positive integer N and two strings S and T, each of length N and consisting of lowercase English letters.
Determine whether it is possible to make S identical to T by repeating the operation below any number of times (possibly zero). If it is possible, also find the minimum number of operations required.

- Choose two lowercase English letters x, y and replace every occurrence of x in S with y.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
S
T

Output

If it is possible to make S identical to T, print the minimum number of operations required. Otherwise, print -1.

Constraints


- 1\leq N \leq 2\times 10^5
- N is an integer.
- Each of S and T is a string of length N, consisting of lowercase English letters.

Sample Input 1

6
afbfda
bkckbb

Sample Output 1

4

By performing the operation four times in the following way, you can make S identical to T:

- Choose x= b and y= c. S becomes afcfda.
- Choose x= a and y= b. S becomes bfcfdb.
- Choose x= f and y= k. S becomes bkckdb.
- Choose x= d and y= b. S becomes bkckbb, which is identical to T.

It cannot be done with fewer than four operations, so the minimum number of operations required is 4.

Sample Input 2

4
abac
abac

Sample Output 2

0

S and T are already identical, so no operations are required.

Sample Input 3

4
abac
abrc

Sample Output 3

-1

No matter how you repeat the operation, it is impossible to make S identical to T.

Sample Input 4

4
abac
bcba

Sample Output 4

4

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve: given two strings S and T of length N, we can repeatedly choose two letters x and y (both lowercase English letters) and replace every occurrence of x in S with y. This is a global replacement operation: all instances of x become y. We can apply any number of operations. The goal is to transform S into T. Determine if possible, and if so, minimum number of operations.

Observations: The operation is like a mapping from letters to letters, but it's applied sequentially. Each operation changes all occurrences of a specific letter to another letter. This is similar to a graph where nodes are letters (26), and operations correspond to redirecting a node to another node. The transformation is effectively a function f: alphabet -> alphabet that we apply to each character of S. However, note that the operations are applied sequentially and can change letters that were previously changed. For example, if we first map a->b, then later b->c, then originally a becomes b then becomes c. So final mapping is composition of the operations. Each operation is: choose x and y, set current mapping such that all characters that are currently x become y. But careful: The operation replaces every occurrence of x in the current string with y. This is not simply composing a function on the original letters because later operations can affect letters that were originally something else but have become x due to previous operations. However, we can think of the process as building a mapping from original letters to final letters, but with constraints that the mapping must be achievable via a sequence of global replacements.

We need to decide if there exists a sequence of operations that transforms S to T, and minimize number of operations.

Let's denote the alphabet set A = {a,...,z}. At any point, each character in S is some letter. The operation "replace all x with y" can be seen as: for each position i, if S[i] == x, then set S[i] = y. So it's a deterministic update.

Goal: from initial S to target T.

We can think in terms of graph of letters: each operation corresponds to adding a directed edge from x to y (or merging nodes). But we need to consider that after some operations, the mapping from original letters to current letters is a function that can be represented by a mapping from each original letter to its current letter, but also note that multiple original letters may map to the same current letter. The operation changes the mapping for those positions that currently have x.

Alternatively, consider the process as we are allowed to change the labels of letters, but we must ensure that eventually each position matches T. Since operations affect all occurrences of a letter, the transformation must be consistent across all positions that share the same original letter? Not exactly, because after some operations, positions that originally had the same letter may diverge if we apply operations that target intermediate letters differently? Wait, the operation replaces all occurrences of a given letter x in the current string. So if two positions currently have the same letter x, they will both be changed to y. So they remain the same after the operation. So at any point, positions that currently have the same letter will always be transformed identically thereafter because any future operation that affects that letter will affect both. So the invariant is: at any time, the set of positions that have the same letter are always treated uniformly. Initially, positions with the same original letter are together. After operations, positions that originally had different letters may become the same letter if they are mapped to the same letter, and then they will stay together. So the process can merge groups but never split a group that currently shares the same letter.

Thus, for the transformation to be possible, we must be able to assign final letters to each position such that the final string equals T, and the process of merging groups via global replacements can achieve that.

This is reminiscent of the problem of converting one string to another using "replace all occurrences of a character with another" operations. Known results: This is possible iff for every letter, the mapping from original to target is consistent: i.e., if two positions i and j have the same original character S[i] = S[j], then they must have the same target character T[i] = T[j]; otherwise, impossible because they start together and will always be transformed together, so they must end with the same letter. Similarly, if two positions have different original letters but same target letter, that's okay because they can be merged later. Also, there is a condition about cycles: if we have a mapping from original letters to target letters (a function f: original -> target) derived from positions? But careful: The mapping from original letters to target letters is not necessarily a function because a given original letter may appear in positions with different target letters? But as argued, if S[i] = S[j] then T[i] must equal T[j]; otherwise impossible. So for each original letter c, all positions where S[i]=c must have the same target letter d. So we can define a required mapping: for each c in alphabet, if c appears in S, then there is a unique target letter d such that for all i with S[i]=c, T[i]=d. If any c appears with multiple target letters, answer -1.

So first condition: For each character c, all positions where S has c must have the same character in T.

If that holds, we can define a mapping f: from letters that appear in S to letters that appear in T (or possibly to letters that don't appear? Actually target letters are from T). f(c) = that unique target letter.

Now the operation: we want to achieve that after operations, each original c becomes f(c). But we can only apply global replacements that change all occurrences of a current letter to another. This is like we have a set of nodes (letters) and we want to transform the current labeling to match f. We can think of the process as: we have a current mapping from original letters to current letters, initially identity: cur(c)=c. We can apply operations that change cur for some letters: if we choose x and y, then for all original letters c such that cur(c)=x, we set cur(c)=y. This is essentially redirecting all nodes that currently point to x to point to y. So the mapping cur can be seen as a function from original letters to current letters, but it's not necessarily injective; multiple original letters can map to same current letter. The operation modifies the function by reassigning all preimages of x to y.

Goal: achieve cur(c)=f(c) for all c.

We want minimum number of operations.

This is similar to constructing a directed graph where we have edges representing that we want to map one letter to another. The operations correspond to "contracting" edges or something.

Let's think in terms of graph of letters (26 nodes). The desired mapping f defines a set of directed edges: from c to f(c). But note that f(c) might be equal to c (no change needed). Also, f may map multiple c to the same d.

We need to apply operations that effectively implement these mappings. Each operation chooses x->y and redirects all nodes currently pointing to x to point to y. This is like we can merge nodes: if we have a group of original letters that currently map to the same letter, we can change that letter to another, affecting the whole group.

We can think of the process as we have a set of "states" (letters) that we can rename. Initially each original letter is its own state. The operations allow us to rename a state to another state, and all original letters that are currently in that state move to the new state. This is analogous to building a mapping by repeatedly replacing one symbol with another.

We need to achieve that each original letter c ends up in state f(c). The operations are global replacements on the current string, but equivalently on the mapping cur.

We can model this as: we have a set of 26 nodes. Initially each node is "active" with its own label? Actually, each node corresponds to a letter. The current mapping cur is a function from original letters to current letters. But we can also think of the current letters as labels on the original letters. The operation "replace all x with y" means: for any original letter c such that cur(c)=x, set cur(c)=y. So it's like we are redirecting all edges that point to x to point to y. If we view the current mapping as a directed graph where each node (original letter) has an outgoing edge to its current label, then the operation changes the target of all nodes whose target is x to y. This is like merging node x into y in the functional graph.

Alternatively, consider the set of distinct current letters present in the string. At any time, there is a set of letters that appear. An operation replaces one letter x with y. If y is already present, then after operation, x disappears and its occurrences become y. If y is not present, then x becomes y and now y appears. So we are essentially renaming a letter.

We want to transform the initial set of letters (the distinct letters in S) into the target set of letters (distinct letters in T) with the constraint that the mapping from original letters to final letters must be f.

This is reminiscent of the problem of converting one string to another using "replace all" operations, which appears in AtCoder ABC 110 C? Or similar. Actually, there is a known problem: "String Transformation" with operation: choose two different characters and replace all occurrences of one with the other. The question is whether you can transform S into T. The condition is exactly that for each character, the set of positions must map consistently. And if possible, the minimum number of operations is something like: number of edges in the mapping graph minus number of cycles? Let's recall.

I think there is a known AtCoder problem: ABC 110 C - String Transformation? Actually, ABC 110 C is "String Transformation" where you can choose two characters and replace all occurrences of one with the other, and you need to determine if S can become T. The solution: check the condition that for each character, the mapping is consistent; if yes, answer is always possible. But they didn't ask for minimum operations; they just asked if possible. However, there is also a problem from Codeforces: "Replace All" maybe? Let's think.

But here we need minimum number of operations. So we need to compute the minimal number of global replacements to achieve the desired mapping f.

We can model this as: we have a directed graph on 26 nodes where we want to transform the identity mapping (each node points to itself) into the mapping f. The operation corresponds to picking a node x and a node y (x != y? Actually, can we choose x and y such that x=y? That would be pointless, so we assume x != y) and then for all nodes that currently point to x, we set them to point to y. This is like we can "redirect" all incoming edges to x to y. But note that the mapping is from original letters to current letters. The original letters are fixed; we are changing their images. So we have a set of 26 objects (the original letters) each with a current image. The operation: choose a current image value x and a target y, and change the image of all objects that currently have image x to y.

This is similar to the process of converting a functional graph to another functional graph by repeatedly merging nodes.

We need to find the minimum number of such operations.

Observation: The operation is essentially a "rename" of a letter. If we think of the letters as labels, we can rename one label to another. But note that if we rename x to y, and later rename y to z, then effectively x becomes z. So we can compose renamings.

We can consider building the mapping f by a sequence of renamings. The order matters because renaming x to y then y to z yields x->z, but if we rename y to z first then x to y, then x becomes y, not z. So we need to plan.

We want to minimize the number of operations. Each operation changes one letter to another, affecting all occurrences of that letter at that time.

This is similar to the problem of converting one permutation to another using operations that replace all occurrences of a value with another, which is like reassigning labels in a partition.

We can think in terms of graph of required changes. For each original letter c, we need to change it from c to f(c). If f(c)=c, no change needed. Otherwise, we need to eventually change it.

But we can combine changes: if we have a chain c1 -> c2 -> c3 -> ... -> ck, we can achieve by first changing c_{k-1} to c_k, then c_{k-2} to c_{k-1}, etc. But careful: if we change c_{k-1} to c_k, then c_{k-1} disappears, and later if we change c_{k-2} to c_{k-1}, but c_{k-1} no longer exists, so that operation would have no effect? Actually, after we change c_{k-1} to c_k, the letter c_{k-1} is no longer present in the string. So we cannot later choose x = c_{k-1} because there are no occurrences of c_{k-1} to replace. So we must apply operations in an order that ensures when we want to change a letter, that letter still exists. So we need to change from the "leaves" inward.

Alternatively, we can think of building the mapping by starting from the target letters and working backwards. Or consider that the operation is like we can merge a node into another. If we have a mapping f that is a function, we can represent it as a directed graph where each node has out-degree 1 (to f(node)). Some nodes may map to themselves. This graph consists of cycles and trees leading into cycles (since it's a functional graph). But note that f is defined only on letters that appear in S? Actually, f is defined for all letters that appear in S; for letters not in S, we don't care. However, operations can involve any letters, even those not initially present, because we might introduce new letters? Wait, the operation replaces every occurrence of x in S with y. If x does not appear in S, the operation does nothing. So we can ignore such operations. So we only care about letters that appear at the time of operation. Initially, only letters in S appear. As we perform operations, some letters may disappear, and new letters may appear if we replace a letter with a letter that was not present before. So the set of present letters can change.

But we can also choose y that is not currently present, which introduces a new letter. That could be useful.

Goal: minimize number of operations.

Let's analyze the process more concretely.

We have S and T. Condition: For each character c, all positions with S[i]=c have same T[i]=d. So we have mapping f: c -> d. If any c maps to multiple d, impossible -> -1.

Now, consider the directed graph on 26 nodes where we draw an edge from c to f(c) for each c that appears in S (or maybe for all c, but if c doesn't appear, f(c) is irrelevant). However, note that if c does not appear in S, we don't need to change it, but we might still use it as an intermediate. But since it doesn't appear, we cannot directly change it because there are no occurrences to replace. However, we could introduce it by replacing some other letter with it. So nodes not initially present can become present later.

But to minimize operations, we probably don't want to introduce extra letters unless necessary.

Let's think about the minimal number of operations needed to achieve f.

We can view the operation as: we have a current mapping cur: original letters -> current letters. Initially cur(c)=c for all c (but only those c that appear matter). The operation: choose x and y (x != y) such that there exists at least one c with cur(c)=x (i.e., x appears currently), then set cur(c)=y for all c with cur(c)=x. This is like we are changing the label of the "group" that currently has label x to y.

Thus, the process is: we have groups of original letters that share the same current label. Initially each original letter is its own group (since cur(c)=c, and if multiple original letters have the same initial letter? Actually, original letters are the characters themselves; each original letter is a character value. But wait: original letters are the characters that appear in S. But there are 26 possible characters. For each character value, there may be many positions, but they all share the same original character. So initially, for each character value c that appears, all positions with that character are in the same group with label c. So groups correspond to distinct characters in S. So we have up to 26 groups.

The operation merges groups: when we change label x to y, the group with label x is merged into the group with label y (if y exists) or becomes a new group with label y if y didn't exist before. Actually, if y already exists as a label of some other group(s), then after the operation, the former x-group now has label y, so they become part of the same group as the existing y-group. So groups can merge.

Goal: after operations, we need that for each original character c, its current label equals f(c). That means that the group containing c must have label f(c). So we need to assign each original character to its target label, possibly merging groups.

We can think of it as we need to transform the partition of original characters (by current label) and the labeling of each part to match f.

Initially, each original character c is in a singleton part labeled c. We need to end with parts such that for each c, the part containing c is labeled f(c). Note that multiple original characters may end up in the same part if they share the same target label (i.e., if f(c1)=f(c2)=d, then they must be in the same part labeled d). So the final partition is determined by the equivalence relation: c1 ~ c2 if f(c1)=f(c2). So we need to merge groups accordingly.

The operation allows us to change the label of a part to another label, and if that label already exists, the parts merge.

So we need to perform a sequence of label changes to achieve the target partition and labeling.

This is reminiscent of the problem of converting one set of labels to another using "rename" operations, which is essentially building a mapping from initial labels to final labels, with possible intermediate labels.

We can think of it as we have a set of nodes (the initial labels, i.e., the distinct characters in S). We want to map each node i to a target label f(i). We can perform operations: pick a current label a (which corresponds to a set of nodes currently mapped to a) and change it to b. This effectively reassigns all nodes that are currently mapped to a to b. If b is already a label of some other set, those sets merge.

This is similar to the process of constructing a function by repeatedly reassigning values. The minimal number of operations can be derived from the structure of f.

Let's consider simple cases.

Case 1: f is identity for all c that appear. Then no operations needed: 0.

Case 2: f is a permutation (bijection) on the set of letters that appear, with no fixed points? Actually, if f is a permutation (each c maps to a distinct d, and all d are distinct and cover the same set as the c's), then we need to change each c to its target. But we can do it with fewer than number of changed letters? For example, suppose we have two letters: a->b, b->a. That's a swap. How many operations? We can do: replace a with some temporary letter, say x, then replace b with a, then replace x with b. That's 3 operations. But maybe we can do it in 2? Let's test: If we replace a with b, then S becomes all b's for original a's, but original b's remain b. Then we have all b's, but we need a's for original b's. We could then replace b with a, but that would turn all b's (including those originally a) to a, resulting in all a's, not the desired swap. So 2 operations doesn't work. So swap requires 3 operations. In general, for a cycle of length k, we need k+1 operations? Let's test: cycle a->b, b->c, c->a. How to achieve? One method: Use a temporary letter not in the cycle, say t. Steps: replace a with t (now a's become t), replace b with a (b's become a), replace c with b (c's become b), replace t with c (t's become c). That's 4 operations for cycle length 3. So k+1 operations. But maybe we can do with k operations if we use a different order? Try: replace a with b (a->b), then b with c (now a's become c? Actually after first, a's are b. Then replace b with c: all b's (including original a's and original b's) become c. Then we need c to become a for original c's. But now all are c, so replace c with a: all become a. That yields all a, not correct. So not working. Another order: replace b with c, then c with a, then a with b? Let's simulate: start: a,b,c groups. Step1: replace b with c: now groups: a, c (original b and c both c). Step2: replace c with a: now groups: a (original a, b, c all a). Step3: replace a with b: all become b. Not correct. So cycle requires k+1 operations if we have an extra temporary letter not involved in the cycle. But what if there is a letter not in the cycle that we can use as temporary? If the cycle involves all 26 letters, we still have no free letter? But we can use a letter that is not in the set of letters that appear in S? However, if the cycle uses all 26 letters, then there is no free letter. But we might still be able to break the cycle using a different strategy? Possibly we can use a letter that is already present but not in the cycle? But if all 26 are in the cycle, then there is no free letter. But is it possible to resolve a full 26-cycle with 26 operations? Let's think: The operation is global replacement. If we have a cycle covering all letters, we need to transform each letter to the next. This is like we need to apply a permutation to the labels. The minimal number of operations might be the number of letters that need to change plus the number of cycles? Actually, there is known result: The minimum number of "replace all" operations to transform one string into another under the consistency condition is equal to the number of edges in the mapping graph minus the number of cycles (or something). Let's derive.

Consider the functional graph of f restricted to the set of letters that appear in S (call V). f: V -> V (since target letters are from T, and they must be among letters that appear in T, but could be letters not in S? Actually, f(c) could be a letter that does not appear in S. For example, S has 'a', T has 'b', and 'b' does not appear in S. That's allowed. So f maps from V (letters in S) to possibly outside V. So the target set may include new letters not originally in S. So the functional graph is not necessarily confined to V; it can map to new letters. That introduces nodes that are not initially present. Those new letters can be used as intermediates.

Similarly, some letters in S may map to themselves (fixed points). Some may map to others.

We need to find minimal operations.

Let's formalize.

Let A = set of letters that appear in S.
Let B = set of letters that appear in T.

We have mapping f: A -> B (since for each c in A, f(c) is the target letter from T; it must be in B because T contains that letter at those positions). Actually, f(c) must be a letter that appears in T at those positions, so f(c) ∈ B. But B may include letters not in A.

We need to transform the labeling of groups from initial labels (each c in A has label c) to final labels (each c in A should have label f(c)). The operations allow us to change the label of a group to another letter, possibly introducing new letters.

This is reminiscent of the problem of converting a set of items with initial labels to target labels using "rename" operations that rename all items with a given label to another label. This is essentially the same as the problem of "minimum number of moves to transform one string into another" where each move is to replace all occurrences of a character with another. I recall a known solution: The answer is the number of distinct letters in S that need to be changed, minus the number of cycles in the mapping graph (if we consider only letters that appear in S and treat f as a mapping from those letters to themselves? But f may map to letters outside A). Actually, we can consider the directed graph where nodes are letters (26). For each c in A, we have an edge c -> f(c). Some f(c) may equal c, those are self-loops. For other edges, we need to perform operations. The minimal number of operations equals the number of edges that are not self-loops, minus the number of cycles that are "good"? Let's test with examples.

Sample1: N=6, S=afbfda, T=bkckbb.
Let's compute mapping f from S to T.
S: a f b f d a
T: b k c k b b
Positions:
1: a->b
2: f->k
3: b->c
4: f->k (consistent)
5: d->b
6: a->b (consistent)
So mapping: a->b, f->k, b->c, d->b.
Also note: b appears in S and maps to c; c does not appear in S? Actually c is in T but not in S. d->b, b is in S. So mapping: a->b, b->c, d->b, f->k.
Now letters in S: a,b,d,f. (also maybe others? only these four). Target letters: b,c,k,b. So edges: a->b, b->c, d->b, f->k.
Now, what is the minimal operations? Sample output is 4.
Let's compute number of non-self edges: 4 edges (all are non-self). If we subtract number of cycles? There is a cycle? a->b, b->c, but c is not in S, so no cycle back to a. d->b, f->k. No cycles. So edges count =4, answer=4. That matches.

But consider a swap: a->b, b->a. Then edges: a->b, b->a. That's 2 edges. Number of non-self edges =2. If we subtract number of cycles? There is one cycle of length 2. 2 - 1 =1, but answer should be 3, not 1. So that formula doesn't work.

Maybe answer = number of non-self edges + number of cycles? For swap: 2+1=3, matches. For sample1: edges=4, cycles=0 => 4, matches. For identity: edges=0, cycles=0 =>0. For a chain a->b, b->c, c->d (all distinct, no cycle): edges=3, cycles=0 =>3. But is that minimal? Let's test with a simple chain: S has a,b,c; T has b,c,d. Mapping: a->b, b->c, c->d. Can we do it in 3 operations? Let's try: Option1: Use temporary? We could do: replace a with b (now a's become b). Then we have b's from original a and original b. Then replace b with c (now all b's become c). Then we have c's from original a,b,c? Actually after step2, original a and b become c, original c remains c. So all are c. Then replace c with d: all become d. That yields all d, but we need original a->b, b->c, c->d. Not correct because original a should be b, not d. So that fails. We need to preserve distinctions. So we need to be careful: after merging groups, we lose the ability to differentiate original letters that have been merged. So we must avoid merging groups that need to end up with different labels. In the chain, a->b, b->c, c->d. The targets are all distinct: b, c, d. So we need three distinct final groups. Initially we have three groups: a, b, c. We need to end with groups labeled b, c, d. Note that d is not initially present. So we need to create d. The groups must remain separate because they have different targets. So we cannot merge a and b because then they'd both become the same label, but they need different labels (b vs c). So we must keep them separate until the end. How can we achieve a->b without merging with b? If we replace a with b, then a's become b, merging with original b's. That would make a and b share label b, but we need a to be b and b to be c. After merging, if we later change b to c, then both a and b become c, which is not desired. So we cannot simply replace a with b directly because that merges a and b prematurely. Instead, we need to use an intermediate label that is not currently used, to avoid merging. For example, replace a with x (a new letter), then replace b with c, then replace x with b. Let's simulate: Start: groups: a, b, c.
Step1: replace a with x (x not used). Now groups: x (original a), b, c.
Step2: replace b with c. Now groups: x, c (original b and c), so b merges with c? Actually original b becomes c, so now groups: x, c (original b and c). So we have two groups: x and c.
Step3: replace x with b. Now x becomes b. So groups: b (original a), c (original b,c). Final labels: original a -> b, original b -> c, original c -> c? Wait original c was c and remained c? Actually after step2, original c was c, and after step2, b became c, so original b and c both are c. After step3, x becomes b, so original a becomes b. So final: a->b, b->c, c->c. But we need c->d, not c. So we still need to change c to d. So we need another operation: replace c with d. That would be step4. So total 4 operations. But maybe we can do better with different order: Use temporary for b as well? Let's try: Step1: replace a with b? That merges a and b, not good. Step1: replace b with c? That merges b and c? Actually if we replace b with c, then b becomes c, merging with c. Then we have groups: a, c (original b and c). Then we need a->b and c->d. But now c group contains both original b and c, which need different targets (b needs to become c? Actually b needs to become c, but after step1 b already became c, so original b is c, which is correct? Wait original b should become c, so after step1 original b is c, good. Original c should become d, but currently it's c. So we need to change c to d, but that would affect both original b and c, turning original b to d as well, which is wrong. So we need to separate original b and c before changing c to d. But they are merged. So we need to avoid merging b and c. So we need to use a temporary for b as well? Perhaps we can do: replace a with temp1, replace b with temp2, then replace temp1 with b, replace temp2 with c, then replace c with d? That seems many.

Let's think systematically. The problem of minimizing operations is known. I recall a Codeforces problem: "Replace All" maybe from CF Round #... Actually there is a problem "C. Replace To Make Regular Bracket Sequence"? No.

Maybe it's from AtCoder ABC 110 C? That problem only asks possibility, not minimum. But there is also AtCoder ABC 044 C? Not.

Wait, I think there is a known result: The minimum number of operations equals the number of edges in the directed graph formed by the mapping, minus the number of cycles that are "good" where the cycle's letters are all in the set of letters that appear in S? But we saw swap (2-cycle) gives answer 3, which is edges (2) + cycles (1) =3. Chain of length 3 (a->b, b->c, c->d) edges=3, cycles=0, but we found a possible solution with 4 operations? Let's try to find a solution with 3 operations for the chain. Maybe it is possible with 3? Let's attempt to design.

We have letters a,b,c initially. Need final labels: a->b, b->c, c->d. d is not initially present.

We need to end with three distinct groups: one labeled b (containing a), one labeled c (containing b), one labeled d (containing c). They must be separate.

Operations: each operation changes all occurrences of a chosen letter to another letter. This can merge groups if the target letter already exists. To keep groups separate, we must ensure that when we change a group's label, we don't merge it with another group that needs a different final label. However, we could temporarily merge and later split? But splitting is impossible because once two groups merge (i.e., share the same label), they cannot be separated later because any operation that changes that label will affect both. So merging is irreversible. Therefore, we must never merge groups that need to end up with different final labels. So the process must maintain that at any point, the groups that need distinct final labels remain in distinct current labels.

Thus, we can think of the process as we need to assign to each original letter a path of label changes that leads to its target, and these paths must not cause unwanted merges.

We can model this as we have a set of nodes (original letters) each with a desired target. We can perform operations that change the label of all nodes currently having a given label L to another label M. This is like we can reassign the "color" of a whole set of nodes.

We need to find a sequence of reassignments that transforms the initial coloring (each node colored by its own letter) to the target coloring (each node colored by its target letter), with the constraint that when we recolor a set, all nodes in that set get the same new color, and if that new color already exists, the sets merge.

This is reminiscent of the problem of transforming one partition into another using "merge" operations, but here we also can change the label (color) of a part to a new color, which may cause merging.

We can think of it as we have a graph where each operation corresponds to redirecting all nodes with a certain color to another color. This is essentially building a mapping from initial colors to final colors through a series of redirections.

We can consider the final mapping f as a function from initial letters to target letters. We can represent this as a directed graph where each node is a letter, and we have edges from initial to target. But we also have the ability to introduce new letters as intermediate nodes.

The minimal number of operations can be computed as follows: For each connected component in the directed graph (considering only edges from letters that appear in S to their targets, and also considering that targets may be outside), we need to count something.

Let's analyze the swap case: a->b, b->a. This graph has two nodes a and b, and edges forming a 2-cycle. The minimal operations is 3. Why 3? Because we need to break the cycle by using a temporary letter. Essentially, we need to perform operations equal to the number of edges plus the number of cycles (since each cycle requires an extra operation to break). In the swap, edges=2, cycles=1, total=3. In the chain a->b, b->c, c->d, edges=3, cycles=0, but we suspect answer might be 4? Let's test with actual implementation maybe we can find a 3-operation sequence.

Let's try to find a 3-operation sequence for chain a->b, b->c, c->d.

We need final groups: group A (original a) labeled b; group B (original b) labeled c; group C (original c) labeled d.

We have initial groups: A labeled a, B labeled b, C labeled c.

We can perform operations that change the label of a group to another label. To avoid merging, we must ensure that when we change a group's label, the new label is not currently used by any other group that we want to keep separate. However, we could change a group's label to a new label that is not used, which does not cause merging. Then later, we might change that new label to the target, possibly merging with another group at that time, but if we time it right, maybe we can merge only after the other group has moved away.

Consider this plan:

1. Change a to x (some unused letter, say 'x'). Now groups: A labeled x, B labeled b, C labeled c.
2. Change b to c. Now B becomes c, merging with C? Because C is currently c. So B and C merge into a group labeled c. That's a problem because B and C need different final labels (c and d). But maybe we can later separate them? No, once merged, they cannot be separated. So this is not allowed.

Alternative: Change b to y (unused) first.

1. Change b to y. Groups: A labeled a, B labeled y, C labeled c.
2. Change a to b. Now A becomes b. Groups: A labeled b, B labeled y, C labeled c.
3. Change c to d. Now C becomes d. Groups: A labeled b, B labeled y, C labeled d.
Now we still have B labeled y, but B needs to be c. We need one more operation: Change y to c. That would be step4. So 4 operations.

What if we use a different order:

1. Change c to d. Groups: A a, B b, C d.
2. Change b to c. Groups: A a, B c, C d.
3. Change a to b. Groups: A b, B c, C d. That's 3 operations! Wait, does this work? Let's simulate carefully.

Start: S has letters a,b,c. Groups: a-group (original a), b-group (original b), c-group (original c). We'll track the current label of each group.

Step1: replace c with d. Since c exists, we change all occurrences of c to d. Now groups: a (label a), b (label b), and the former c-group now has label d. So groups: a, b, d. Note that d is a new label not previously present.

Step2: replace b with c. Now we change all occurrences of b to c. The b-group currently has label b, so it becomes c. The a-group is a, d-group is d. So groups: a, c, d. Now note: c label now exists (from the former b-group). The original c-group is now d, so no conflict.

Step3: replace a with b. Change all a to b. a-group becomes b. Groups: b, c, d.

Now final labels: original a -> b, original b -> c, original c -> d. Perfect! And we used only 3 operations. Great! So chain of length 3 can be done in 3 operations, not 4. My earlier attempt failed because I merged b and c prematurely. But the sequence above avoids merging by first moving c out of the way to d, then moving b to c, then a to b. This works because we moved the group that would be the target of another group's change out of the way before applying the change that would cause a merge.

So the strategy: process in reverse order of the chain? Actually, we started from the end of the chain: c->d first, then b->c, then a->b. That's like applying changes from the "sink" backwards. This avoids merging because when we change b to c, the letter c is currently free (since original c has been changed to d, so c is not present). So no merge. Similarly, when we change a to b, b is free because original b has been changed to c, so b is not present. So we can change a to b without merging.

Thus, for a chain that is a simple path (no cycles), we can perform operations equal to the number of edges (non-self) by processing in reverse topological order, ensuring that when we change a node to its target, that target label is not currently used by any other group that still needs to keep its identity. This is possible if the target label is either not present or is present but will be changed later? Actually, if the target label is present but that group will later be changed to something else, we could still merge temporarily? But merging is irreversible, so we must avoid merging if the groups need different final labels. However, if the group that currently holds the target label will later be changed to a different label, then after merging, when we later change that label, both groups would change together, which would not preserve distinctness unless they are supposed to end up with the same label. So we must avoid merging groups that need different final labels. So the condition for a safe operation "change x to y" is that either y is not currently present, or if y is present, then the group currently labeled y must have the same final target as the group being changed (i.e., they are supposed to merge eventually). In other words, we can only merge groups that are destined to become the same final label.

Thus, the process can be seen as we need to merge groups that share the same target label, and for groups with distinct targets, we must keep them separate throughout.

Therefore, the mapping f partitions the original letters into equivalence classes based on target label. Within each class, all letters must end up with the same label (the target). They can be merged at any time, even initially. Between classes, they must remain separate.

So the problem reduces to: we have a set of groups (initially each original letter is its own group, labeled by that letter). We have a target labeling: each group (original letter) must end with a specific target label (f(c)). Groups that share the same target label must eventually merge into one group with that label. Groups with different target labels must remain distinct (i.e., never merge). The operations allow us to change the label of a group to another label; if that label is already used by another group, the groups merge (and thereafter act as one). We can also introduce new labels not currently used.

We want the minimum number of operations to achieve the final state where each equivalence class (by target) is a single group with the target label.

This is similar to building a forest of trees where each node (original letter) has a desired parent (target label). The operation corresponds to "attaching" a node (or subtree) to another node.

We can think of the directed graph where nodes are letters (including possibly new ones). For each original letter c, we have an edge c -> f(c). This graph may have cycles. For a cycle, all nodes in the cycle have distinct targets? Actually, in a cycle, each node maps to another node in the cycle, and all targets are within the cycle. Since each node's target is another node in the cycle, they all have different targets (unless cycle length 1). So they are in different equivalence classes? Wait, equivalence class is by target label. In a cycle a->b, b->c, c->a, the targets are b, c, a respectively. These are all distinct. So they belong to different classes. Therefore, they must remain separate groups. However, they are interdependent: to change a to b, we need b to not be present (or be merged with a? but they must stay separate). This creates a cycle that cannot be resolved without using an extra temporary label to break the cycle, because if we try to change a to b, b is present (as a group that must stay separate), so that would merge a and b, which is not allowed. Similarly, changing b to c would merge b and c. So we need to use a temporary label to break the cycle. This is why a cycle requires an extra operation beyond the number of edges.

In the chain case, we could process in reverse order because the target of a node is a node that either is not present (if it's a leaf that has been moved) or will be moved later. In a cycle, there is no leaf; every node's target is another node in the cycle, all present initially. So we cannot directly change any node to its target without merging. Thus, we need to introduce a temporary label to break the cycle. For a cycle of length k, we can do: pick one node, change it to a temporary label t (not used), then process the rest of the cycle in reverse order (like chain), and finally change t to the target of the first node. This uses k+1 operations. For example, swap (k=2): a->b, b->a. Steps: change a to t (1), change b to a (2), change t to b (3). That's 3 = 2+1. For 3-cycle: a->b, b->c, c->a. Steps: change a to t (1), change c to a? Wait need to plan. Actually, we can do: change a to t (1). Then we have groups: t (original a), b, c. Now we can change c to a? But a is not present? After step1, a is gone (since a changed to t). So a is free. Then change c to a (2). Now groups: t, b, a (original c). Then change b to c (3). But c is not present? After step2, c is gone (original c became a). So c is free. Then change t to b (4). That's 4 operations = 3+1. Alternatively, we could change b to c first after moving a, but similar.

So cycles require an extra operation.

Now what about cases where f maps some letters to the same target? For example, a->c, b->c. Then a and b both need to become c. They can merge. Initially we have groups a and b. We need to end with a single group labeled c containing both a and b. How many operations? We could simply change a to c and b to c, but that would be two operations. However, we could also change a to b first, then change b to c? Let's see: change a to b (1): now a becomes b, merging with original b. Then change b to c (2): both become c. That's 2 operations as well. Could we do it in 1? If we change a to c directly, then a becomes c, but b remains b. We still need b to become c, so need another operation. So minimum is 2. But maybe we can change b to c first, then a to c? Still 2. So for two letters mapping to same target, we need 2 operations if they are separate initially. But note that if one of them is already c? Not here.

But what if the target c is already present as a group? For example, suppose we have letters a, b, c in S, and mapping: a->c, b->c, c->c (c fixed). Then we need a and b to become c, and c stays c. Initially groups: a, b, c. We can change a to c (1): now a merges with c (since c exists). Then change b to c (2): b merges with c. Total 2. Could we do better? If we change a to b first (1), then b to c (2): after step1, a becomes b, merging with b; then step2 changes b to c, merging both with c. Still 2. So 2 operations.

But maybe we can do it in 1 if we change both a and b simultaneously? Not allowed; each operation only changes one letter.

So for a set of k letters all mapping to the same target d, and d may or may not be initially present, the minimal operations seem to be: if d is already present (i.e., there is a group with label d that is supposed to stay as d), then we need to change each of the other k-1 letters to d, so k-1 operations? Wait, in the example above, we had a and b both mapping to c, and c present. We needed 2 operations for 2 letters, which is k (since k=2, we did 2). But could we do k-1? Let's test: if we change a to c (1), now a merges with c. Then we still have b separate. We need b to become c. That's another operation. So total 2 = k. If we instead change a to b (1), then b to c (2), still 2. So seems k operations. But what if we change b to a first? Then a and b merge, then change a to c? That would be 2 as well. So k operations.

But consider case where d is not initially present. Example: a->c, b->c, and c does not appear in S. Then we have groups a, b. We need final group labeled c containing both. How many operations? We could change a to c (1): now a becomes c, group c exists. Then change b to c (2): b becomes c, merging. That's 2 operations. Could we do it in 1? If we change a to b (1), then we have groups b (original a and b) and we need final label c. Then we would need to change b to c (2). So still 2. So k operations.

But what if we have a single letter mapping to a target not present: a->b, b not in S. Then we need 1 operation: change a to b. So for a single letter, 1 operation.

So for a set of letters all mapping to the same target, the number of operations needed seems to be equal to the number of letters in that set, unless the target is already present and is itself in the set? Actually, if the target is one of the letters in the set (i.e., a self-loop or a letter that maps to itself), then we have a fixed point. For example, a->a (self), b->a. Then we have groups a and b. We need a stays a, b becomes a. How many operations? We can change b to a directly (1). That's 1 operation, which is number of non-self letters (b) that need to change. So for a class where the target label is one of the members (i.e., the target is present initially as a group that will remain as that label), we only need to change the other members to that target. So the number of operations needed for that class is (size of class - 1) if the target is one of the class members? But careful: the class is defined by target label. If the target label d is in the set of original letters (i.e., d ∈ A), then there is a group initially labeled d that must end as d (since f(d)=d? Not necessarily: if d is in A, then f(d) is defined. For d to be the target of other letters, we need f(d) = d? Actually, if d is the target label for some letters, it could be that d itself maps to something else. But if d is in A, then f(d) is some letter. For d to be the final label of the class, we need that f(d) = d, otherwise d would need to change to something else, contradicting that d is the target for others. So in a class where all letters map to the same target d, if d is in A, then necessarily f(d)=d (since d must map to d to be consistent). Because if d maps to something else, say d->e, then the class of letters mapping to d would include d? Actually, if d maps to e, then d's target is e, not d. So d would not be in the class of letters mapping to d. So the class of letters that map to d consists of letters c such that f(c)=d. If d is in that set, then f(d)=d. So yes, d is a fixed point. So in such a class, one member (d) is already correct and serves as the "sink". The other members need to be changed to d. So the number of operations needed for that class is (size of class - 1) because we can change each other letter to d directly, one operation per letter, and they will merge with d. But is it always optimal to do one operation per other letter? Could we do fewer by merging some first then changing the merged group to d? For example, class with three letters: a,b,c all map to d, and d is present and fixed. Initially groups: a,b,c,d. We need a,b,c to become d. We could change a to b (1), then change b to d (2), then change c to d (3) -> 3 operations, which is size-1 =3? Actually size=4 (a,b,c,d) but d is fixed, so other count=3, operations=3. Could we do with 2? Suppose we change a to d (1), then change b to c (2), then change c to d (3) still 3. What about change a to b (1), then change b to c (2), then change c to d (3) -> 3. No way to do less than 3 because each of the three letters a,b,c must eventually become d, and they are initially separate. Each operation can change one current label to another, affecting all letters with that label. To turn a into d, we need an operation that changes the label of the group containing a to d. Initially a is alone. If we merge a with b first, then we have a group containing a and b. Then we need to change that group to d. That would turn both a and b to d in one operation. So that could reduce the number of operations? Let's test: start: a,b,c,d. Step1: change a to b (now a and b are together as group b). Step2: change b to d (now group b becomes d, so a and b become d). Step3: change c to d (c becomes d). Total 3 operations. Still 3. Could we merge a and b and c first, then change to d? Step1: change a to b (a,b together). Step2: change c to b (now a,b,c together as group b). Step3: change b to d (all become d). That's 3 operations. So still 3. So seems we need at least number of non-fixed members operations? Actually, each operation can change the label of one current group to another. Initially we have groups for each non-fixed letter. To end with all those letters in the fixed group, we need to eliminate each non-fixed group by either directly changing it to d, or merging it with another non-fixed group and then changing that merged group to d. But merging two non-fixed groups doesn't reduce the total number of groups that need to be changed to d; it just combines them, but then you still need to change that combined group to d. The number of operations needed to eliminate all non-fixed groups is at least the number of non-fixed groups, because each operation can eliminate at most one group (by changing its label to something else). Initially there are k non-fixed groups (where k = number of letters in the class excluding the fixed one). Each operation that changes a group's label to d eliminates that group (it merges into d). If we merge two non-fixed groups first, we reduce the number of groups by 1 (since two become one), but that merge operation itself is an operation that does not directly move towards d; it just changes one group's label to another non-d label. Then later we still need to change the resulting group to d, which is another operation. So total operations for that path would be: 1 (merge) + 1 (change to d) = 2, which is same as changing each separately (2 operations). So merging doesn't reduce total count. In fact, the minimal number of operations to turn k separate groups into the fixed group d is exactly k, because each group must at some point be changed to d, and each such change requires an operation where that group's label is set to d. However, could a single operation change two groups to d simultaneously? Only if they already share the same label, i.e., they have been merged earlier. But merging them costs an operation. So the total operations = (number of merges) + (number of changes to d). If we merge m groups into one, that takes m-1 merge operations, and then 1 change to d, total m operations. If we change each directly, that's m operations. So it's the same. So indeed, for a class with a fixed point d, the minimum operations is the number of non-fixed letters in that class.

If the class has no fixed point (i.e., the target label d is not in the set of original letters), then we have k letters all mapping to d, and d is not initially present. We need to end with a single group labeled d containing all k letters. How many operations? Initially we have k groups. We need to create group d and merge all into it. We could change one letter to d (1), then change the others to d one by one (k-1 more), total k operations. Alternatively, we could merge some letters first then change to d: e.g., merge k-1 letters into one group (k-2 merges), then change that group to d (1), and change the remaining one to d (1) -> total (k-2)+2 = k. Or merge all into one group (k-1 merges) then change to d (1) -> total k. So again k operations. So for a class of size k (all mapping to same target d), the minimum operations is k if d is not initially present, or k-1 if d is initially present and fixed? Wait, if d is initially present and fixed, then class size includes d? Let's define class as the set of original letters that map to d. If d is in that set, then |class| = m, where one of them is d itself (which is already correct). The number of letters that need to change is m-1. So operations = m-1. If d is not in the set, then all m letters need to change, and we also need to create d, which effectively requires one of them to become d, and the others to become d, so operations = m (since each of the m letters must be changed to d at some point, but one change can create d and also change that letter; the others need separate changes). So operations = m.

But is it always m? Consider m=1, d not present: we need 1 operation, which equals m. Good. For m=2, d not present: we need 2 operations? Let's test: letters a,b -> d. Steps: change a to d (1), change b to d (2). That's 2. Could we do: change a to b (1), then change b to d (2) -> still 2. So yes.

So for a class, operations = (size of class) if target not in class, else (size of class - 1).

But wait, there is also the possibility of using intermediate letters that are not in the class to reduce operations? For example, if we have two classes that interact? But classes are defined by target label; they are independent in the sense that letters from different classes must end with different labels, so they cannot merge. However, they might share intermediate letters? Could using a temporary letter that belongs to another class help reduce total operations across classes? Probably not, because that would merge classes, which is not allowed. So classes are independent.

But there is also the issue of cycles that span multiple classes? Actually, a cycle involves letters that map to each other, so they belong to different classes (since each has a distinct target). So a cycle is a set of letters where each maps to another, forming a directed cycle. In such a set, there is no fixed point (unless cycle length 1, which is a self-loop). So each letter's target is another letter in the set, and all targets are distinct. Thus, these letters belong to different classes (each class is a singleton? Actually, each target is a different letter, so each class would be the set of letters mapping to that target. In a cycle, for each target d, there is exactly one letter c such that f(c)=d (since each node has indegree 1 in the functional graph restricted to the set? Actually, in a cycle, each node has exactly one incoming edge from another node in the cycle, but could there be other letters mapping to that target from outside the cycle? Possibly. So a class could contain multiple letters, some from the cycle and some not. For example, suppose we have a->b, b->c, c->a, and also d->b. Then the class for target b includes a and d. So a is in cycle, d is not. So classes can mix cycle nodes with non-cycle nodes. So the structure is more complex.

Thus, we need to consider the entire functional graph defined by f on the set of letters that appear in S (A). This graph may have nodes with out-degree 1 (to f(c)). Some nodes may have f(c)=c (self-loop). Some nodes may have f(c) not in A (outside). The graph may have cycles (including self-loops). Nodes that map outside A are like leaves that point to external nodes.

We need to compute the minimum number of operations to achieve f.

This problem is known: I think it's from AtCoder ABC 110 C? Actually, that problem only asks possibility. But there is also AtCoder ABC 073 D? Not.

I recall a problem from Codeforces: "C. Replace To Make... " maybe not.

But I've seen a solution: The answer is the number of edges in the mapping (i.e., count of c such that f(c) != c) plus the number of cycles in the graph that do not contain a node that maps to itself? Actually, from swap example, edges=2, cycles=1, answer=3 = edges + cycles. For chain of length 3 (a->b, b->c, c->d) where d not in A, edges=3, cycles=0, answer=3 = edges. So that matches edges + cycles? But chain had no cycle, answer=edges. For a class with multiple letters mapping to same target, say a->c, b->c, c->c. Then edges: a->c (non-self), b->c (non-self), c->c (self). So number of non-self edges = 2. Cycles? There is a self-loop at c, but that's a cycle of length 1. Should we count that? If we add cycles count, we would get 2+1=3, but the answer we think is 2 (since we need to change a and b to c). So that doesn't match. So we need to be careful: self-loops (fixed points) should not be counted as cycles that add extra operations. In the formula edges + cycles, we should only count cycles of length >=2? But also, what about cycles that include a node that also has other incoming edges? For example, a->b, b->a, and also c->b. Then edges: a->b, b->a, c->b. Non-self edges =3. Cycles: one 2-cycle. If we add, we get 4. But what is the minimal operations? Let's try to compute.

We have letters a,b,c. Mapping: a->b, b->a, c->b. So final: a should be b, b should be a, c should be b. So final groups: a and c both should be b? Wait, a->b, c->b, so both a and c should end as b. b should end as a. So we have two target labels: a and b. But note that b's target is a, so b should become a. So final groups: one group labeled a containing b, and one group labeled b containing a and c. So we need to end with two groups: group A (label a) containing b, and group B (label b) containing a and c. Initially groups: a, b, c.

We need to achieve this without merging groups that need different final labels. The group that should end as a must contain only b (since b->a). The group that should end as b must contain a and c. So a and c must be together, and b must be separate.

Now, can we do it? Let's try to find a sequence.

We have a cycle a<->b, and c points to b.

One approach: break the cycle with a temporary. Steps: 
1. Change a to t (temp). Now groups: t (original a), b, c.
2. Change b to a. Now groups: t, a (original b), c. (b becomes a, merging with? a was not present before? After step1, a is gone, so a is free. So b becomes a, creating group a.)
3. Change c to b. Now groups: t, a, b (original c). (c becomes b, b is free because original b became a, so b is free.)
4. Change t to b. Now groups: a, b (original a and c). So final: a (original b), b (original a and c). That's 4 operations. So answer 4. That matches edges (3) + cycles (1) =4.

But could we do better? Maybe 3? Let's try alternative: 
1. Change c to a. Then groups: a, b, a (original c merges with a). So now groups: a (original a and c), b.
2. Change a to b? But that would merge a and b, not allowed because b needs to become a. If we change a to b, then both a and c become b, and b remains b, so all become b, not correct.
3. Change b to a first? After step1, we have a (a,c), b. If we change b to a, then all become a, not correct.
So not.

What if we start with changing b to something? 
1. Change b to t. Groups: a, t, c.
2. Change a to b. Groups: b (original a), t, c.
3. Change c to b. Groups: b (original a and c), t.
4. Change t to a. Groups: b, a (original b). That's 4.

So seems 4 is minimal.

Now consider a class with fixed point and extra incoming: a->c, b->c, c->c. We computed answer 2. Non-self edges =2, cycles? There is a self-loop at c, but that's a cycle of length 1. If we count only cycles of length >=2, then cycles=0, edges=2, answer=2. That matches. So maybe the formula is: answer = (number of non-self edges) + (number of cycles of length >=2). But let's test on a simple self-loop only: a->a. Non-self edges=0, cycles of length>=2=0, answer=0. Good.

Test on a cycle of length 2: non-self edges=2, cycles>=2 count=1, answer=3. Good.

Test on a cycle of length 3: non-self edges=3, cycles>=2 count=1, answer=4. Good.

Test on chain a->b, b->c, c->d (d not in A): non-self edges=3, cycles>=2=0, answer=3. Good.

Test on a case where there is a cycle and also extra nodes pointing into the cycle: as above, non-self edges=3, cycles>=2=1, answer=4. Good.

Now test on a case where there are multiple cycles? For example, two disjoint 2-cycles: a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c. Non-self edges=4, cycles>=2=2, answer would be 6. Is that minimal? Let's try to see if we can do with 6. Possibly yes. Could we do better by using a temporary that breaks both cycles with one extra? Probably not, because each cycle needs its own temporary? But maybe we can use the same temporary for both cycles? If we use a temporary t, we could break first cycle with t, then after finishing first cycle, t might be free again? But after breaking first cycle, t becomes used as a label for some group? Let's simulate: We have a,b,c,d. Mapping: a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c. We need final: a and b swap, c and d swap. They are independent. We could process each cycle separately. For first cycle, we need 3 operations: a->t, b->a, t->b. After that, a and b are correct. t is gone (since t->b, t becomes b, but b already exists? Actually after step3, t becomes b, merging with b? Let's simulate carefully: Start: groups a,b,c,d.
Step1: change a to t (new). Groups: t, b, c, d.
Step2: change b to a. Groups: t, a, c, d.
Step3: change t to b. Groups: b (original a), a (original b), c, d. Now first cycle done.
Now we have groups: b, a, c, d. Note that a and b are now correct (original a is b, original b is a). But we still have c and d to swap. We can now perform similar: change c to t2 (new), d to c, t2 to d. That's 3 more operations, total 6. Could we reuse t? After step3, t is gone (it became b, so t label no longer exists). So we could use t again as a temporary for the second cycle because it's free. But we still need three operations for the second cycle, but we could use t as the temporary instead of t2. That would still be 3 operations for the second cycle, total 6. So 6 seems minimal.

What about a case where a cycle has a node that also has an incoming edge from outside, we already considered.

Now consider a case where there is a node that maps to a letter that is not in A, and that target letter also receives multiple incoming edges. For example, a->x, b->x, c->x, and x not in A. This is a class with target x not in A, size=3. According to our earlier reasoning, operations = 3 (since all three need to become x). Non-self edges =3, cycles>=2=0, answer=3. That matches.

Now consider a case where there is a node that maps to a letter that is in A but that letter maps to something else (so not fixed). For example, a->b, b->c, and c is not in A? Actually b maps to c, so b's target is c, which may or may not be in A. If c is not in A, then b is not fixed. So class for target b includes a (since a->b). But b itself maps to c, so b is not in the class for target b. So class for target b has size 1 (a). That's a singleton with target not in class? Actually target b is in A (b is a letter in S), but b is not in the class because f(b) != b. So the class for target b consists of letters that map to b, which is just a. Since b is not in the class, the target b is present initially as a group (b), but that group will eventually change to c. So we cannot simply change a to b and leave b as is, because b must become c. So we need to handle the dependency.

This is like a chain a->b->c. We already handled that: answer = number of non-self edges =2? Wait, a->b, b->c. That's two edges. According to our formula edges + cycles (cycles>=2) =2+0=2. But earlier we thought chain of length 2 (a->b, b->c) might require 2 operations? Let's test. S has a,b. T has b,c. So mapping: a->b, b->c. We need final: a becomes b, b becomes c. Can we do in 2 operations? Let's try: 
Option1: change b to c first. Then groups: a, c. Then change a to b. But after step1, b becomes c, so c exists. Changing a to b would create b, but b is not present? After step1, b is gone (since b became c), so b is free. So step2: change a to b. Then groups: b (original a), c (original b). Final: a->b, b->c. That's 2 operations! Works. So chain of length 2 requires 2 operations, which equals edges count (2). Good.

What about chain of length 3 we already did with 3 operations. So edges count works for chains.

Now consider a case where there is a node that maps to a letter that is in A but that letter maps to a different letter, and also there are multiple incoming edges to that intermediate. Example: a->b, b->c, d->b. So mapping: a->b, b->c, d->b. Non-self edges: a->b, b->c, d->b =3. Cycles? None. According to formula answer=3. Let's test if we can do in 3 operations.

We have letters a,b,d. Need final: a->b, b->c, d->b. So final groups: group labeled b containing a and d; group labeled c containing b. So we need two groups: b (a,d) and c (b). Initially groups: a, b, d.

We need to avoid merging a and d with b prematurely if b still needs to become c. But we can process in reverse order: first change b to c (since c not present), then change a to b, then change d to b? Let's simulate:

Step1: change b to c. Now groups: a, c (original b), d.
Step2: change a to b. b is free? After step1, b is gone, so b is free. So a becomes b. Groups: b (original a), c, d.
Step3: change d to b. b exists now (from step2), so d becomes b, merging with a. Groups: b (a,d), c. Final: a->b, d->b, b->c. That's 3 operations. Works.

So formula holds.

Now consider a case with a cycle and extra incoming edges to the cycle. We already did a->b, b->a, c->b. That gave 4 = edges(3)+cycles(1). Works.

Now consider a case with a self-loop and extra incoming: a->a, b->a. Non-self edges: b->a (1). Cycles>=2:0. Answer=1. Indeed, we just change b to a. Works.

Now consider a case where there is a cycle of length 2 and also a node that maps to one of the cycle nodes but that node also maps to something else? Actually, if a node maps to a cycle node, it's just an incoming edge to the cycle. We already considered.

Now consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node outside the cycle, but that outside node maps into the cycle? That's just a longer chain leading into cycle.

So the formula seems to be: answer = (number of c in A such that f(c) != c) + (number of cycles in the directed graph of f on A where cycle length >= 2). But is that always minimal? Let's test more complex scenarios.

But wait, what about the possibility of using a letter that is not in A as a temporary to break a cycle, which adds 1 operation per cycle. That's captured by adding number of cycles (length>=2). However, what about cycles that include a node that also has other incoming edges from outside the cycle? The extra operation for the cycle is still just 1 per cycle, regardless of incoming edges. Because we can break the cycle with one temporary, then process the rest (including incoming edges) as chains. The total operations would be: for each edge (non-self) we need one operation, but for each cycle we need an extra operation to break it. However, note that when we break a cycle, we use a temporary, which adds an operation that is not counted as an edge operation? Actually, the temporary operation (changing a node to temp) is an operation that changes a node's label to something not its target. That operation is not directly moving towards the target; it's an extra. So total operations = number of edges (non-self) + number of cycles (length>=2). But is there any double-counting? Let's verify with a cycle of length k: edges = k (all non-self). According to formula, answer = k + 1 = k+1. That matches the known need for k+1 operations. For a chain, edges = length, cycles=0, answer = length. For a class with fixed point and multiple incoming, edges = number of incoming edges (non-self), cycles=0, answer = that number. That matches.

But consider a case where there is a cycle and also some nodes that map to nodes in the cycle. The edges include those incoming edges. The cycle still needs +1. So total = (edges) + (cycles). That seems plausible.

Now consider a case where there are multiple cycles. Each cycle adds +1.

But is it always optimal to break each cycle with a separate temporary? Could we break two cycles with one temporary? Possibly if we use the same temporary letter for both cycles, but we would still need to perform the temporary operation for each cycle? Let's think: Suppose we have two disjoint cycles. We could break the first cycle by changing one node to temp. Then after resolving the first cycle, temp might be free again (if we later change temp to its target, temp disappears). Then we can reuse the same temp for the second cycle. That would still require one extra operation per cycle (the initial change to temp) but the temporary letter is reused, but the number of operations is still: for each cycle, we need an operation to change a node to temp, and later an operation to change temp to the target. However, note that the operation that changes temp to the target is part of the cycle resolution and is counted as one of the edge operations? Let's break down the operations for a cycle of length k using a temporary t:

1. Change some node x (in cycle) to t. (This is an operation that changes x to t, not directly to its target.)
2. Then for each other node in the cycle (in reverse order), change them to their target (which is now free because the target has been moved). For a cycle, after step1, the node that was the target of x is still present? Actually, we need to plan the order. Standard method: For cycle a1->a2, a2->a3, ..., ak->a1. Steps:
   - Change a1 to t.
   - Change ak to a1 (since a1 is now free).
   - Change a_{k-1} to ak? Wait need to be systematic.
Better: After changing a1 to t, we have t, and the rest a2,...,ak. Now we can change a2 to a1? But a1 is not present. Actually, we want a2 to become a3? Let's recall the method for swap: a->b, b->a. Steps: a->t, b->a, t->b. That's 3 operations. For 3-cycle: a->b, b->c, c->a. Steps: a->t, c->a, b->c, t->b. That's 4 operations. So the operations are: one to change a cycle node to temp, then for each other node in the cycle (except the one changed to temp) we change it to its target (which is now free because the target has been moved earlier), and finally change temp to the target of the first node. So total operations = k+1. The operations that change nodes to their targets (except the first) are exactly k-1 operations that correspond to edges (each such operation changes a node to its target). The operation that changes the first node to temp is extra, and the final operation changing temp to the target of the first node is also an extra? But note that the final operation changes temp to the target, which effectively completes the mapping for the first node. So that final operation is also a change to a target, but it's not directly changing a node to its target because the node is temp. However, it could be considered as an edge operation for the first node? But the first node's target is, say, a2. In the sequence, we never directly change a1 to a2; we change a1 to t, then later t to a2. So the mapping for a1 is achieved via two operations, while other nodes are achieved via one operation each. So total operations = (k-1) + 2 = k+1. So compared to the number of edges (k), we have one extra operation.

Thus, for each cycle, we need one extra operation beyond the count of edges.

Now, if there are multiple cycles, each cycle requires its own extra operation. Could we somehow combine the extra operations? For example, if we have two cycles, could we use the same temporary t to break both cycles, and perhaps the final operation for the first cycle also serves as the temporary change for the second? Unlikely because after finishing the first cycle, t is gone (changed to a target). To break the second cycle, we need a temporary again. We could reuse the same letter t as a temporary again, but that would require an operation to change some node in the second cycle to t, which is an extra operation. So each cycle still incurs an extra operation.

Thus, answer = number of non-self edges + number of cycles (length >= 2).

But we must also consider the possibility of cycles that include a node that also has a self-loop? That's impossible because if a node has a self-loop, it's fixed, so it can't be part of a cycle of length >=2.

Now, what about nodes that map to a letter not in A? Those are like leaves pointing to external nodes. They don't create cycles. So fine.

But there is a subtlety: The graph we consider should include all letters that appear in S (A). However, what about letters that appear in T but not in S? They are not in A, but they may be used as targets. They don't have outgoing edges from A (since they are not in A). So they are like sinks. They don't affect the cycle count.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that some letter in A maps to a letter that is also in A but that letter maps to something else, etc. The functional graph on A may have cycles. However, there is also the possibility that a letter in A maps to a letter that is not in A, but that letter might be used as a temporary? That doesn't create cycles.

So the answer seems to be: Let G be the directed graph on the set of letters that appear in S, with edges from c to f(c) for each c in A. Count the number of edges where f(c) != c. Count the number of cycles in this graph (ignoring self-loops). Then answer = (number of such edges) + (number of cycles). But we must verify with more complex cases where there are multiple incoming edges to a cycle and also nodes that map to nodes that are in a cycle but also have other incoming edges. Does the formula still hold? Let's test with a more complex graph: a->b, b->c, c->a (cycle of length3), and d->b, e->c, f->a. So edges: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b, e->c, f->a. Non-self edges =6. Cycles: one cycle of length3. So predicted answer = 6+1=7. Can we achieve in 7 operations? Likely yes. Let's try to design a sequence.

We have letters a,b,c,d,e,f. Need final: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b, e->c, f->a. So final groups: group labeled a containing c and f? Actually, target a: letters that map to a are c and f? Wait, f(c)=a for c? c->a, and f->a. So target a: c and f. Target b: a and d. Target c: b and e. So three groups: a (c,f), b (a,d), c (b,e). So we need three groups.

We have a cycle a->b, b->c, c->a. Plus incoming edges d->b, e->c, f->a.

We can break the cycle with a temporary t. Steps:

1. Change a to t. (Now a becomes t)
Now groups: t (original a), b, c, d, e, f.
2. Change c to a? But a is not present? After step1, a is gone, so a is free. So we can change c to a. (c->a)
Now groups: t, a (original c), b, d, e, f.
3. Change b to c? c is not present? After step2, c is gone (original c became a), so c is free. Change b to c.
Now groups: t, a, c (original b), d, e, f.
4. Change t to b. (t->b)
Now groups: b (original a), a, c, d, e, f.
Now the cycle is resolved: original a is b, original b is c, original c is a. Good.

Now we still have d, e, f to handle. They need to become b, c, a respectively. Currently, groups: b (original a), a (original c), c (original b), d, e, f.

We can now process the incoming edges. Since the targets are now present (b, a, c), we can change d to b, e to c, f to a. But we must be careful not to merge incorrectly? Let's see:

5. Change d to b. b exists (original a). So d becomes b, merging with original a? That would put d and original a together in group b. But original a should be b, and d should be b, so it's fine that they merge because they share target b. So after step5, groups: b (original a and d), a, c, e, f.
6. Change e to c. c exists (original b). So e becomes c, merging with original b. Groups: b, a, c (original b and e), f.
7. Change f to a. a exists (original c). So f becomes a, merging with original c. Groups: b, a (original c and f), c.

Final: group b contains a,d; group a contains c,f; group c contains b,e. That's correct. Total operations =7. So formula holds.

Now, what about a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, but that node also has its own incoming edges, etc. It should still work.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node that is not in the cycle but eventually leads into the cycle (a chain into the cycle). That's like a tree feeding into a cycle. For example, a->b, b->c, c->a (cycle), and d->e, e->b (chain into cycle). So edges: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->e, e->b. Non-self edges=5. Cycles=1. Predicted answer=6. Can we do in 6? Likely yes. Process: break cycle with temp, then handle chain. Should work.

Now, consider a case where there are multiple cycles that share nodes? That's impossible in a functional graph because each node has out-degree 1, so cycles are disjoint.

Thus, the formula seems consistent.

But we must also consider the possibility that some letters in A map to letters that are not in A, and those target letters might be used as temporary to break cycles? That could potentially reduce the number of extra operations? For example, if there is a cycle, but there exists some letter not in A that we can use as a temporary without needing an extra operation? Wait, the extra operation is the act of changing a node to a temporary. That temporary could be a letter that is not in A, but we still need to perform that operation. So it's still an operation. However, could we avoid the extra operation by using a letter that is already present but will be changed later anyway? For a cycle, we need to break the circular dependency. The only way is to temporarily change one node to something else so that its target becomes free. If we use a letter that is already present but that letter is going to be changed to something else later, we might be able to merge temporarily and then later separate? But merging is irreversible, so if we change a node to a letter that is currently present (and that letter's group needs to stay separate), we would merge them, which is not allowed if they have different final targets. However, if that letter's group has the same final target as the node we are changing, then they are supposed to merge eventually, so merging early might be okay. But in a cycle, each node has a distinct target, so no two nodes share the same target. Thus, any two nodes in a cycle have different targets, so they cannot merge. Therefore, we cannot change a node to the label of another node in the cycle because that would merge them, causing conflict. So we must use a label that is not currently used by any node that needs to stay separate. That could be a letter not in A, or a letter that is in A but is not part of the cycle and also has the same target as the node? But if it's not in the cycle, it might have a different target. If it has the same target as the node we are changing, then they are in the same class, so merging is okay. But in a cycle, each node's target is another node in the cycle, so the target is not the same as the node's own target? Wait, the node's target is some other letter. For node a, target is b. If there is another node x (not in cycle) that also has target b, then a and x share the same target b, so they belong to the same class. That means they should end up together in group b. So merging a and x early would be fine, as long as we eventually get both to b. However, if we change a to x's current label (which is x), that would merge a with x. But x's current label is x (if x hasn't been changed yet). Then later we need to change that merged group to b. That could work. But does it reduce operations? Let's explore.

Suppose we have a cycle a->b, b->a. And also a node c that maps to b (c->b). So class for target b includes a and c. Class for target a includes b only? Actually b->a, so b's target is a, so class for target a includes b. So we have two classes: class b (a,c) and class a (b). Now, can we resolve the cycle without an extra temporary by using c as a "pivot"? Let's try.

Initial: a, b, c.
Goal: a and c become b; b becomes a.

We need to end with groups: b (a,c) and a (b).

We can try: 
1. Change a to c. This merges a and c into group c. Now groups: c (a,c), b.
2. Change b to a. b becomes a. Now groups: c, a.
3. Change c to b. c becomes b. Now groups: b (a,c), a (b). That's 3 operations. That's the same as edges (2) + cycles (1) =3. So we didn't save an operation; we still used 3. But we used c as a temporary instead of a new letter. The number of operations is still 3. So the extra operation is still there; we just used an existing letter as the temporary instead of a new one. So the count remains edges + cycles.

But could we do it in 2? Let's see: 
Option: Change a to b directly. Then a and b merge (since b exists). Now groups: b (a,b), c. Then we need b to become a and c to become b. But now a and b are together, and they have different targets (a should be b, b should be a). Merging them makes it impossible to separate. So not.

Option: Change b to a first. Then groups: a (b), a? Actually b becomes a, merging with a? a exists, so a and b merge into group a. Then groups: a (a,b), c. Then need a to become b? Actually original a should be b, original b should be a. They are merged, impossible.

So 2 not possible.

Thus, the extra operation is necessary.

Now, could there be a scenario where a cycle can be resolved without an extra operation because there exists a node outside the cycle that can serve as a temporary without increasing operation count? In the above, we still needed 3 operations, which is edges+1. So the extra operation is still counted. The formula edges + cycles counts that extra as +1 for the cycle, regardless of whether we use an existing letter or a new one as temporary. So it's consistent.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, and that node also has the same target as the cycle node we want to change? That's what we did. It still required extra operation.

Thus, the formula seems robust.

But we must also consider the possibility of self-loops (f(c)=c). Those are edges that are not counted in non-self edges. They don't contribute.

Now, what about letters that appear in S but map to a letter that also appears in S, but that target letter maps to itself? That's a fixed point. That's covered.

Now, we need to ensure that the condition for possibility is satisfied: for each c in A, all positions with S[i]=c have same T[i]. That's necessary and sufficient for possibility? I think yes, because if that holds, we can always achieve the transformation using the operations (as we have constructive method). So if condition fails, output -1.

Thus, the solution: Check consistency. If consistent, build mapping f for each character that appears in S (we can also consider all 26 letters, but only those that appear matter; for letters not in S, we don't care). Then construct directed graph on 26 nodes, but only consider nodes that are in A (letters that appear in S). For each c in A, if f(c) != c, add edge c -> f(c). Count number of such edges (non-self). Then find cycles in this directed graph (considering only nodes in A). But careful: The graph may have nodes that are not in A as targets? Actually, f(c) could be a letter not in A. In that case, the edge goes to a node outside A. That node is not in our graph (since we only consider nodes in A). How to handle cycles? A cycle can only occur if all nodes in the cycle are in A, because if any node maps outside A, it cannot be part of a cycle (since out-degree 1, but the outside node has no outgoing edge defined from A? Actually, if a node maps to a letter not in A, that's a leaf; it cannot be part of a cycle because to be in a cycle, the node must be reachable from itself, which would require that the target also maps within A. So cycles only involve nodes that are in A and whose f values are also in A. So we can restrict to the subgraph of A where f(c) in A. But we must be careful: a node c in A with f(c) not in A is not part of any cycle.

Thus, to count cycles, we can consider the directed graph on the set of letters that appear in S and also have f(c) in S? Actually, we need to consider all nodes in A, but edges to outside are dead ends. Cycles are strongly connected components where each node has out-degree 1 within the component, and size >1. We can detect cycles by standard DFS on functional graph.

Simplify: Since each node has at most one outgoing edge (to f(c)), we can process each node, follow edges until we either reach a node already visited or reach a node with f(c) not in A or a node that maps to itself. We can detect cycles.

But we must be careful: The graph may have nodes that are not in A but are targets; they are not part of the graph for cycle detection because they don't have outgoing edges from A. So we can ignore them.

Thus, algorithm:

1. Read N, S, T.
2. Check consistency: For each character c from 'a' to 'z', if there exist i,j such that S[i]=c and T[i]!=T[j], then impossible -> print -1.
   Implementation: create an array mapS2T[26] initialized to -1. For each position i, let s = S[i], t = T[i]. If mapS2T[s] is -1, set to t. Else if mapS2T[s] != t, then impossible.
3. If possible, then we have mapping f for each s that appears (mapS2T[s] may be -1 for letters not in S, but we can ignore). For letters that appear, we have f(s). Note that f(s) may be equal to s (self-loop) or different.
4. Now we need to compute answer = number of s such that f(s) != s (i.e., non-self edges) + number of cycles in the directed graph formed by these edges (considering only nodes where f(s) != s and f(s) is also a node that appears? Actually, cycles can only involve nodes where f(s) is also in the set of nodes that appear (since if f(s) not in A, then s cannot be part of a cycle). But we need to count cycles among the nodes that are in A and have f(s) in A and f(s) != s. However, a cycle could include a node that maps to itself? No, that's length 1, not counted. So we consider the functional graph on the set of letters that appear in S, with edges from c to f(c) if f(c) != c. But note: if f(c) != c but f(c) not in A, then that edge points outside; such node cannot be in a cycle. So we can treat those as leaves.

   To count cycles, we can perform a DFS or use visited states. Since there are only 26 nodes, we can simply iterate over all letters that appear and have f(c) != c. We'll maintain an array state: 0=unvisited, 1=visiting, 2=visited. For each node c (0..25) that appears in S and f(c)!=c, if state[c]==0, we traverse following edges until we reach a node that either: has f(node) not in A? Actually, we need to define the graph only on nodes that are in A. If we encounter a node that is not in A (i.e., f(node) not in A), then the path ends, no cycle. Also if we encounter a node with f(node)==node (self-loop), then it's a terminal (but self-loop nodes are not part of cycles length>=2). So we can treat them as end.

   However, we must be careful: A node that appears in S but f(c) not in A: then c has an outgoing edge to outside, so it cannot be part of a cycle. So we can skip such nodes from cycle detection? Actually, they could still be part of a cycle if the outside node eventually leads back? No, because outside node is not in A, so it doesn't have an outgoing edge defined from A. So no cycle.

   So we can restrict to nodes c in A such that f(c) in A and f(c) != c. But what about nodes that are in A but f(c) in A and f(c) == c? Those are self-loops, not part of cycles.

   So we can build a set V = {c | c appears in S}. Then for each c in V, if f(c) in V and f(c) != c, we have an edge c -> f(c). Then we find cycles in this directed graph (each node has out-degree at most 1). Since it's a functional graph, cycles are disjoint. We can count the number of cycles where length >= 2.

   Implementation: We can create an array next[26] initialized to -1. For each c in V, if f(c) in V and f(c) != c, set next[c] = f(c). Else next[c] = -1 (meaning no outgoing edge within V). Then we can iterate over c in V, if next[c] != -1 and state[c]==0, we traverse following next until we either hit -1 or a node already visited. We'll use state: 0=unvisited, 1=visiting (in current traversal stack), 2=processed. When we encounter a node with next[node]==-1, we mark all nodes in the path as processed (state 2). When we encounter a node with state 1, that means we found a cycle. The cycle consists of nodes from the first occurrence of that node in the current stack. We need to count that cycle. But careful: The cycle may include nodes that have next[node] != -1, and all nodes in the cycle are in V and have next within V. So we can count it.

   However, we must ensure that we don't double-count cycles. Standard approach: For each node, if state==0, follow the path, pushing nodes onto a stack until we hit a node with state!=0. If we hit a node with state==2, then no new cycle. If we hit a node with state==1, then we have found a cycle; the cycle consists of nodes from that node to the end of the stack. Count that cycle. Then mark all nodes in the path as state 2.

   Since there are only 26 nodes, we can also simply compute cycles by iterating over nodes and using visited flags.

   But note: The graph may have nodes that are not in V but are targets of edges from V. Those are not included in next, so they are not traversed.

   So answer = (number of c in V with f(c) != c) + (number of cycles detected as above).

   Let's test on sample1: V = {a,b,d,f}? Actually letters: a,f,b,d. So V size 4. f(a)=b (b in V), f(b)=c (c not in V), f(d)=b (b in V), f(f)=k (k not in V). So edges within V: a->b, d->b. b->c is not within V because c not in V. f->k not within V. So next[a]=b, next[d]=b, next[b]=-1, next[f]=-1. Now non-self edges: a->b, b->c, d->b, f->k => 4 non-self edges. But note b->c is non-self but c not in V, so it's counted in non-self edges? Yes, we count all c in V with f(c)!=c, regardless of whether f(c) in V. So non-self count = 4. Cycles: In the graph with next only within V, we have a->b, d->b, but b has no outgoing within V, so no cycles. So cycles=0. Answer=4. Matches.

   Sample2: S=T, so f(c)=c for all c in V, non-self=0, cycles=0, answer=0.

   Sample3: inconsistent? Actually sample3: S=abac, T=abrc. Check: positions: a->a, b->b, a->r? Wait S[3]=a, T[3]=r, but S[1]=a, T[1]=a, so a maps to both a and r -> inconsistent, so -1. Good.

   Sample4: N=4, S=abac, T=bcba. Let's compute. S: a b a c; T: b c b a. So mapping: a->b (positions 1 and 3), b->c, c->a. So f(a)=b, f(b)=c, f(c)=a. V={a,b,c}. All f are in V and non-self. So non-self edges =3. Graph: a->b, b->c, c->a -> cycle of length3. So cycles=1. Answer=3+1=4. Sample output is 4. Good.

   So formula works for samples.

Now, we must consider edge cases. What about letters that appear in S but map to themselves? They are fine.

What about letters that appear in S but map to a letter that also appears in S, but that target letter maps to itself? That's a fixed point with incoming edges. Non-self edges count includes the incoming edges. Cycles count is 0. Answer = number of incoming edges. That matches earlier reasoning.

What about letters that appear in S but map to a letter that appears in S, and that target letter maps to another letter that appears in S, etc., forming a chain that ends at a fixed point. That's a tree feeding into a fixed point. Non-self edges count includes all edges in the chain. Cycles=0. Answer = number of edges. That matches: we can process from the far end backwards, each edge requires one operation, total edges.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, but that node also has a self-loop? Not possible.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node that is not in V, but that node is used as a temporary? Doesn't affect.

Thus, the solution appears to be correct.

But we must also consider the possibility that some letter in V maps to a letter that is also in V but that target letter maps to itself (fixed). That's a chain of length 1 ending at fixed point. That's just an edge, no cycle.

Now, what about the scenario where there is a node that maps to a letter that is not in V, but that letter is also a target of another node, and we might use that as a temporary? Not needed.

Now, we should also verify that the condition for possibility is exactly the consistency condition. Is there any other hidden impossibility? For example, consider S="ab", T="ba". Mapping: a->b, b->a. This is consistent (each a maps to b, each b maps to a). So possible, answer should be 3. Indeed, we can do it with 3 operations as earlier. So fine.

Consider S="aa", T="bb". Mapping: a->b. Consistent. Non-self edges=1, cycles=0, answer=1. Indeed, we can replace a with b in one operation.

Consider S="ab", T="aa". Mapping: a->a, b->a. Consistent. Non-self edges=1 (b->a), cycles=0, answer=1. Replace b with a.

Consider S="ab", T="cc". Mapping: a->c, b->c. Consistent. Non-self edges=2, cycles=0, answer=2. Replace a with c, then b with c (or a with b then b with c). 2 operations.

Now, consider S="abc", T="bca". Mapping: a->b, b->c, c->a. Cycle length3. Non-self=3, cycles=1, answer=4. Let's test if we can do in 4. Steps: a->t, c->a, b->c, t->b. That's 4. Works.

Now, consider S="ab", T="bc". Mapping: a->b, b->c. Non-self=2, cycles=0, answer=2. Steps: b->c, a->b. Works.

Now, consider S="ab", T="cb". Mapping: a->c, b->b. Non-self=1, cycles=0, answer=1. Replace a with c.

Now, consider a more complex: S="abac", T="abac" same, answer 0.

All good.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that the mapping f might map a letter to a letter that is not in V, but that target letter might be used as a temporary to break a cycle, potentially reducing the extra operation? For a cycle, we need an extra operation regardless. Using an external letter as temporary still counts as an operation. So no reduction.

But what if there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a letter outside V, and that outside letter is the same as the temporary we would use? Still extra.

Thus, formula stands.

Now, we need to implement the cycle detection correctly.

Implementation details:

- We'll have arrays of size 26 for mapping f (init -1). Also a boolean array present[26] to mark letters that appear in S.
- Iterate over i from 0 to N-1:
    s = ord(S[i])-ord('a')
    t = ord(T[i])-ord('a')
    present[s] = True
    if f[s] == -1: f[s] = t
    else if f[s] != t: impossible.

- If impossible, print -1 and return.

- Now compute non_self_count = number of s where present[s] is True and f[s] != s.

- For cycle detection, we consider only nodes s where present[s] is True and f[s] != s and also f[s] is present? Actually, for a cycle to exist, we need that following the edges stays within present nodes and f[s]!=s. But if at any point f[s] is not present, then that path cannot be part of a cycle. So we can build a directed graph only among present nodes where f[s] is also present and f[s]!=s. However, we must be careful: a node s with f[s] not present cannot be part of a cycle, but it could be part of a path that leads into a cycle? No, because if f[s] is not present, then the edge goes outside, so s cannot be reached from any other node in the graph? Actually, other nodes could point to s, and s points outside. That doesn't create a cycle. So s is not in a cycle. So we can exclude such nodes from cycle detection.

Thus, we define next[s] = f[s] if present[s] and f[s] != s and present[f[s]] else -1.

But is it possible that a node s has f[s] present but f[s] == s? That's self-loop, not part of cycle.

So next[s] as above.

Now, we need to count cycles in this functional graph (each node has at most one outgoing edge). Since the graph may have nodes with next[s] = -1, they are leaves.

We can perform DFS with states: 0=unvisited, 1=visiting, 2=visited.

For each s from 0 to 25:
    if present[s] and next[s] != -1 and state[s]==0:
        traverse: start from s, follow next until we hit a node with state !=0 or next == -1.
        We'll keep a stack (list) of nodes in the current path.
        cur = s
        while True:
            if state[cur] == 1:
                # found a cycle: the cycle consists of nodes from the first occurrence of cur in the stack to the end.
                # find index of cur in stack
                idx = stack.index(cur) # but stack may be list; we can use dictionary to map node to position.
                # The cycle length = len(stack) - idx
                # increment cycle count by 1 (since each cycle counted once)
                cycle_count += 1
                break
            elif state[cur] == 2:
                # no cycle in this path
                break
            else:
                # state[cur]==0
                state[cur] = 1
                stack.append(cur)
                if next[cur] == -1:
                    # end of path
                    break
                else:
                    cur = next[cur]
        # after breaking, we need to mark all nodes in stack as state=2
        for node in stack:
            state[node] = 2

But careful: When we break because we hit a node with state==1, we have found a cycle. After that, we should still mark all nodes in the stack as visited. However, the cycle nodes are part of the stack; we mark them as visited as well.

But note: The cycle might be detected when we encounter a node that is already in the current stack (state==1). That node is part of the stack. So we count that cycle.

But we must ensure we don't count the same cycle multiple times. Since we start DFS only from nodes with state==0, and after processing a component we mark all nodes as visited, we won't revisit them.

Because there are only 26 nodes, we can also use a simpler method: For each node, if not visited, follow the path, marking steps with a timestamp. When we hit a node that has been visited in the current traversal (i.e., we have a cycle), count it. But we need to differentiate between cycles that have been already counted from other starting points. The above method works.

Alternatively, we can compute cycles by using the fact that in a functional graph, each node has out-degree 1. We can iterate over nodes and use a visited array. For each node not visited, we traverse and mark nodes with a unique traversal ID. When we encounter a node that has the same traversal ID, we found a cycle. But we must also handle nodes that lead to already visited nodes from previous traversals.

Simpler: Since the graph is small, we can just compute strongly connected components? But cycles are simple.

I'll implement as described.

But we need to be careful: The graph may have nodes that are present but have next = -1, they are not part of any cycle. We'll skip them in traversal.

Also, note that a node may have next[s] != -1 but that next node may have next = -1, so the path ends, no cycle.

Now, we must ensure that we count cycles only of length >=2. In our detection, when we find a cycle, it will have length at least 2 because self-loops are excluded (next[s] = -1 if f[s]==s). So any cycle we detect will have length >=2.

Now, what about a cycle that includes a node that has f[s] present but f[s] == s? That's not a cycle of length>=2. So fine.

Now, compute answer = non_self_count + cycle_count.

But wait: Is there any scenario where non_self_count includes edges that are part of a cycle, and we add cycle_count, leading to double-counting? No, because non_self_count counts each edge (each node with f(c)!=c). In a cycle of length k, there are k edges, and we add 1 for the cycle. So total k+1, which matches needed operations. So it's fine.

Now, we should test on some more cases.

Case: S has letters a,b,c,d. Mapping: a->b, b->c, c->d, d->e (e not in S). Non-self edges=4, cycles=0, answer=4. Can we do in 4? Process: change d->e (1), c->d (2), b->c (3), a->b (4). Works.

Case: S has a,b,c. Mapping: a->b, b->a, c->a. Non-self edges=3, cycles=1, answer=4. We already did similar.

Case: S has a,b,c,d. Mapping: a->b, b->c, c->a (cycle), d->b. Non-self=4, cycles=1, answer=5. Let's test if 5 operations suffice. Steps: break cycle with temp: a->t (1), c->a (2), b->c (3), t->b (4), then d->b (5). Works.

Case: S has a,b. Mapping: a->b, b->b. Non-self=1 (a->b), cycles=0, answer=1. Replace a with b.

Case: S has a,b. Mapping: a->a, b->a. Non-self=1, answer=1. Replace b with a.

Case: S has a,b,c. Mapping: a->b, b->b, c->b. Non-self=2 (a->b, c->b), cycles=0, answer=2. Steps: change a->b, c->b. Or change a->c? But c->b needed anyway. So 2.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, but that node also has an incoming edge from another node, etc. Should still work.

Now, consider a case where there is a node that maps to a letter not in V, and that letter is the same as a letter that is used as a temporary for a cycle? Doesn't matter.

Thus, the solution seems correct.

But we must also consider the possibility that the mapping f might map a letter to a letter that is not in V, but that target letter might be the same as another letter's target, forming a class with target not in V. That's fine.

Now, one more nuance: The operation can replace x with y even if y is currently present. That may cause merging. In our constructive method, we always ensure that when we change a node to its target, the target is not currently present (unless we intend to merge with a group that shares the same target). In the algorithm for chains, we process from the end so that target is free. For cycles, we use a temporary to free the target. For classes with fixed point, we change incoming nodes directly to the fixed point, which merges with the fixed point group. That's allowed because they share target. So our method is valid and achieves the count.

Now, is there any scenario where we could achieve fewer operations than edges + cycles? Let's try to find a counterexample.

Suppose we have a cycle of length 2, and also a node that maps to one of the cycle nodes, and that node also maps to something else? Already considered.

What about a cycle of length 2, and also a node that maps to the other cycle node, and that node also has a self-loop? Not possible.

Maybe we could use the fact that we can replace two letters at once if we choose x and y such that x appears and y is not present, but that's still one operation per group.

Consider a case where we have two cycles that share a common node? Impossible in functional graph because each node has one outgoing edge.

Consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, and that node also has an incoming edge from another node that maps to the same target, etc. Could we resolve the cycle without an extra operation by first merging the incoming node with the cycle node, then using that merged group to break the cycle? Let's attempt with a specific example: a->b, b->a (cycle), and c->b. As we tried, we still needed 3 operations. Could we do: change c to a? Then groups: a, b, a (c merges with a). Now groups: a (original a and c), b. Then change a to b? That would merge a and b, not good. Change b to a? Then all become a. Not good. So no.

What about: change b to c? But c is not a target for b (b should become a). If we change b to c, then b becomes c, and we have a, c (original b), c (original c?) Actually c is present? Initially c is present. So after change b to c, groups: a, c (original b and c). Then we need a->b, and c (original b) should be a, and original c should be b? Actually original c should be b? Wait mapping: c->b, so original c should become b. So we have a (should be b), and group c (contains original b and c) which should become a and b respectively? They are merged, impossible. So no.

Thus, extra operation seems necessary.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node not in the cycle, but that node maps to the cycle? That's a chain into cycle. Still need extra for cycle.

Thus, formula holds.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that some letters in V map to letters that are also in V but those target letters map to themselves (fixed). That's a tree rooted at a fixed point. No cycles.

Now, what about the possibility that the mapping f is such that there is a cycle, but one of the nodes in the cycle also has a self-loop? Impossible because a node can't have two outgoing edges; it's either self-loop or points to another.

Now, we should also consider the scenario where the mapping f is not a function because of inconsistency, but we already checked.

Thus, solution is:

- If inconsistent: -1.
- Else: count non_self = number of c where f[c] != c and c appears in S.
- Build next array for cycle detection: for each c where present[c] and f[c] != c and present[f[c]], set next[c] = f[c]; else next[c] = -1.
- Count cycles in this directed graph (each node has at most one outgoing edge). Use state array.
- answer = non_self + cycle_count.

But wait: Is it possible that a node c has f[c] != c and present[f[c]] is true, but f[c] == c? No.

Now, we must also consider that some nodes may have f[c] != c but f[c] not present, they are not part of cycles, but they still contribute to non_self count. That's fine.

Now, test on a case where there is a cycle but also some nodes that are part of the cycle have f[c] not present? That can't happen because if c is in a cycle, then f[c] must be in the cycle, so present[f[c]] is true.

Now, confirm with sample4: V={a,b,c}. f[a]=b (present), f[b]=c (present), f[c]=a (present). next[a]=b, next[b]=c, next[c]=a. Cycle detection will find one cycle. non_self=3, cycle_count=1, answer=4.

Now, consider a case where there are multiple cycles: e.g., a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c. V={a,b,c,d}. f all present. non_self=4, cycles=2, answer=6. We argued 6 is minimal.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, but that node also has an outgoing edge to something else? That node's outgoing edge is to the cycle node, so it's not part of cycle. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the mapping f might map a letter to a letter that is not in V, but that target letter might be used as a temporary to break a cycle, potentially reducing the extra operation? But the extra operation is still needed to change a cycle node to that temporary. That temporary could be that external letter. But we still need to perform that operation. So count remains.

Now, one more nuance: Could we ever avoid the extra operation for a cycle if there exists a letter not in V that we can use as a temporary without an extra operation? No, because we still need to change a cycle node to that temporary, which is an operation. So it's still counted.

Thus, answer formula stands.

Now, we need to implement efficiently for N up to 2e5, but only 26 letters, so trivial.

Edge Cases:

- N=1. Then S and T are single characters. If S==T, answer 0. If S!=T, then mapping: S->T, non_self=1, cycles=0, answer=1. That's correct: replace the single letter.

- If S and T have same letters but mapping inconsistent? e.g., S="aa", T="ab". Then a maps to both a and b -> inconsistent, -1.

- If S has letters that don't appear in T? That's fine as long as mapping consistent.

Now, we must also consider that the operation replaces every occurrence of x with y. Could there be a scenario where we need to use a letter that appears in T but not in S as a temporary, and that might affect the count? No.

Now, let's think about the possibility of using a letter that appears in S but is not part of any mapping (i.e., f(c)=c) as a temporary to break a cycle, potentially reducing the extra operation? For a cycle, we need to change one node to some temporary label that is not currently used by any group that must stay separate. If there is a fixed point (self-loop) that is not involved in the cycle, could we use that as a temporary? But that fixed point is a group that must remain as itself. If we change a cycle node to that fixed point's label, we would merge the cycle node with the fixed point group. But the fixed point group has target itself, while the cycle node has a different target (since cycle node's target is another cycle node). So merging would be incorrect because they have different final targets. Therefore, we cannot use a fixed point as a temporary because that would merge groups that need different final labels. So we need a label that is not currently used by any group that must remain separate. That could be a letter not present at all, or a letter that is present but whose group will later be changed to the same target as the cycle node? But if it's present and will later be changed to the same target, then merging early is okay. However, in a cycle, each node has a distinct target, so no other node has the same target as the cycle node we are changing (except possibly nodes outside the cycle that also map to that target). For example, in cycle a->b, b->a, and there is c->b. Then a's target is b, and c also maps to b. So a and c share target b. So if we change a to c's current label (c), that would merge a and c. Since both a and c have target b, merging them is okay; they will both become b eventually. So we could use c as a temporary for a. That's what we did earlier: we changed a to c (instead of a new temp). That still required 3 operations, which is edges+1. So using an existing node as temporary doesn't reduce the count; it's still an extra operation (changing a to c). So the count remains edges+1.

Thus, the formula is consistent.

Now, we should also consider if there is any scenario where a cycle can be resolved without an extra operation because one of the nodes in the cycle also has an incoming edge from a node that maps to the same target as the node's target? That doesn't eliminate the need for an extra step.

Let's attempt to prove minimality: Each operation can reduce the number of "incorrect" letters? But we need a rigorous argument.

We can think in terms of the functional graph. Each operation corresponds to redirecting all nodes that currently map to a particular letter x to y. This can be seen as changing the label of a group. Initially, each node c is in its own group labeled c. The goal is to have each node c in a group labeled f(c). The operations allow us to change the label of a group to another label, possibly merging groups.

We can define that an operation that changes label x to y is "useful" if it reduces the number of groups that are not yet correctly labeled, or something.

But perhaps the known result is that the minimum number of operations equals the number of edges in the mapping graph plus the number of cycles (excluding self-loops). I've seen this in editorial for a problem "AtCoder ABC 110 C" but that problem only asked possibility. However, there is a problem "AGC 025 A" no.

Actually, I recall a problem from AtCoder: "ABC 110 C - String Transformation" indeed asks: Determine if S can be transformed to T using operations: choose two different lowercase English letters and replace all occurrences of one with the other. The solution is to check the consistency condition. They didn't ask for minimum operations. But there is another problem "ARC 110 B" maybe? Not.

But there is a Codeforces problem: "C. Replace To Make Regular Bracket Sequence"? No.

Nevertheless, I'm convinced.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that the mapping f might have a node that maps to a letter that is not in V, but that letter might be used as a temporary for a cycle, and we might be able to avoid counting that as an extra operation? No, because we still need to change a cycle node to that letter, which is an operation.

Thus, implementation steps:

1. Read N, S, T.
2. Initialize arrays:
   f = [-1]*26
   present = [False]*26
3. For i in range(N):
    s = ord(S[i])-97
    t = ord(T[i])-97
    present[s] = True
    if f[s] == -1:
        f[s] = t
    elif f[s] != t:
        print(-1)
        return
4. After loop, also we might need to consider letters that appear in S but not in T? That's fine; f[s] will be some t which may be not present in S, but that's okay.

5. Compute non_self = 0
   for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and f[c] != c:
            non_self += 1

6. Build next array for cycle detection:
   next = [-1]*26
   for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and f[c] != c:
            t = f[c]
            if present[t]:  # t is also in S
                next[c] = t
            # else next stays -1

7. Detect cycles:
   state = [0]*26  # 0=unvisited, 1=visiting, 2=visited
   cycle_count = 0
   for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and next[c] != -1 and state[c] == 0:
            # traverse
            stack = []
            cur = c
            while True:
                if state[cur] == 1:
                    # found a cycle
                    # find index of cur in stack
                    idx = stack.index(cur)  # O(26) fine
                    # cycle length = len(stack) - idx, but we just count 1 per cycle
                    cycle_count += 1
                    break
                elif state[cur] == 2:
                    # reached already processed node, no new cycle
                    break
                else:
                    state[cur] = 1
                    stack.append(cur)
                    if next[cur] == -1:
                        # end of path
                        break
                    else:
                        cur = next[cur]
            # mark all nodes in stack as visited
            for node in stack:
                state[node] = 2

   Note: When we break because we hit a node with state==1, we have already added the cycle count. The nodes in stack include the cycle nodes and possibly preceding nodes that lead into the cycle? Actually, in a functional graph, if we start from a node that is not in a cycle but leads into a cycle, we will traverse through some nodes and then enter a cycle. In that case, when we encounter a node with state==1, that node is part of the current stack (since we are still in the same traversal). The cycle consists of nodes from that node to the end of the stack. The nodes before the cycle (the tail) are not part of the cycle. In our traversal, we start from a node that may be in the tail. When we detect a cycle, we should count it once. However, we must ensure we don't count the same cycle multiple times when starting from different nodes in the tail. Our method of marking all nodes in the stack as visited after the traversal will prevent that. Also, when we later start from another node that is in the same component but already visited, we skip.

   But we must be careful: When we start from a node in the tail, we will traverse through the tail and then into the cycle. At the point we hit a node with state==1, that node is already in the stack (since we are still in the same traversal). So we will count the cycle. After marking all nodes in the stack as visited, the cycle nodes are marked visited, so they won't be processed again. That's correct.

   However, if we start from a node that is part of the cycle directly, we will also count the cycle. That's fine.

   But we must ensure we don't double-count cycles when starting from different nodes in the same cycle. Since after processing one node in the cycle, all nodes in that cycle become visited, subsequent starts from other cycle nodes will be skipped because state[c] !=0.

   So it's fine.

   One more nuance: In the traversal, if we encounter a node with state==2, that means we've reached a node that was already processed in a previous traversal. In that case, there is no new cycle. We break and mark all nodes in the current stack as visited (they are all new nodes leading into an already processed component). That's correct.

   Also, if we encounter next[cur] == -1, we break and mark stack as visited. No cycle.

   This algorithm correctly counts cycles.

   However, we must ensure that we only consider nodes with next[c] != -1 for traversal. That's already condition.

   But what about nodes that are part of a cycle but have next[c] != -1, they will be traversed.

   Now, we should test on a graph with a tail leading into a cycle: e.g., a->b, b->c, c->d, d->c (cycle between c and d). Actually, functional graph: a->b, b->c, c->d, d->c. Here nodes: a,b,c,d. next: a->b, b->c, c->d, d->c. Cycle: c,d. Starting from a: stack: a(state1), then b, then c, then d, then next[d]=c which is already in stack (state1). We detect cycle at c? Actually when we go from d to c, cur becomes c, and state[c]==1 (since c is in stack). So we detect cycle. The cycle consists of nodes from c to end of stack: c,d. So we count 1 cycle. Then mark all nodes a,b,c,d as visited. Good.

   Starting from c later would be skipped.

   So cycle_count =1.

   non_self edges: a->b, b->c, c->d, d->c => 4 edges. So answer =4+1=5. Let's see if we can do in 5 operations. Possibly yes.

   Now, consider a case where there is a node that points to a node not present, e.g., a->b, b->c, c->x (x not present). next: a->b (if b present), b->c (if c present), c->? x not present so next[c] = -1. So no cycle. non_self=3, answer=3.

   Works.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that f[c] may be equal to c for some c, but we might still need to use that c as a temporary? Not needed.

Now, we should also consider if there is any scenario where the mapping f is consistent but the minimal operations is less than edges + cycles due to some clever sequence that merges operations? For example, could we change two letters at once by choosing x and y such that both x and y are present and we want to swap them? But operation only changes x to y, not both directions. So cannot change two groups simultaneously.

What about using an operation that changes x to y where y is currently present but will later be changed, and that might allow us to resolve a cycle with only k operations? Let's attempt to find a counterexample.

Consider a 2-cycle a->b, b->a. Could we do in 2 operations? Suppose we do: replace a with b. Now a becomes b, merging with original b. Now we have only b's. Then we need b to become a. If we replace b with a, then all become a. That yields all a, not the desired a->b, b->a. So fails.

What if we first replace a with some letter that is not b but is present? Only b is present besides a. So no.

Thus, 3 is minimal.

Consider a 3-cycle. Could we do in 3? Attempt: replace a with b. Now a becomes b, merging with b. Now groups: b (original a and b), c. Then replace b with c. Now all become c. Then replace c with a? That would make all a. Not correct. So 4 needed.

Thus, cycles require extra.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, and that node also maps to the same target as the cycle node? That's the same class, merging possible. But still extra for cycle.

Thus, formula seems minimal.

Now, we should also consider if there is any scenario where we can use an operation that changes a letter to its target while that target is present but that target group will later be changed to a different label, and we can later separate? But separation impossible. So not.

Thus, answer is as derived.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that the mapping f might have a node that maps to a letter that is not in V, but that target letter might be the same as another node's target, forming a class with target not in V. That's fine.

Now, one more nuance: The operation can choose any x and y, even if x does not appear in S. That operation does nothing, so we can ignore.

Now, we should also verify that the condition for possibility is exactly the consistency condition. Is there any other hidden impossibility? For example, consider S="ab", T="ba". We already said possible. Consider S="ab", T="aa". Possible. Consider S="abc", T="def". Mapping: a->d, b->e, c->f. All distinct, non-self=3, cycles=0, answer=3. Can we do in 3? Steps: change c->f (1), b->e (2), a->d (3). But careful: after changing c->f, f is new; after changing b->e, e is new; after changing a->d, d is new. No merging issues. So 3 works.

Consider S="ab", T="bb". Mapping: a->b, b->b. Non-self=1, answer=1. Replace a with b.

Consider S="aa", T="bb". Mapping: a->b. Non-self=1, answer=1. Replace a with b.

All good.

Now, what about S="ab", T="bc". We did.

Now, consider S="ab", T="cb". Mapping: a->c, b->b. Non-self=1, answer=1. Replace a with c.

Now, consider S="ab", T="ac". Mapping: a->a, b->c. Non-self=1, answer=1. Replace b with c.

Now, consider S="ab", T="ca". Mapping: a->c, b->a. Non-self=2, cycles? a->c (c not in S), b->a (a in S). So edges: a->c (c not present), b->a (a present). Graph: b->a, a has no outgoing within V (since f[a]=c not present). So no cycle. answer=2. Can we do in 2? Steps: change b->a (1), then a->c (2). After step1, b becomes a, merging with original a? Original a is a, so now group a contains original a and b. Then step2: change a to c. That would turn both original a and b to c, but we need original a to become c (good) and original b to become a (but it becomes c). So fails because merging caused issue. So maybe we need a different order: change a->c first (1), then b->a (2). After step1, a becomes c, now groups: c (original a), b. Step2: change b to a. a is not present (since a became c), so b becomes a. Final: original a->c, original b->a. That's correct. So 2 operations work. So order matters. So answer=2 is achievable.

Thus, our formula gives 2, and we found a sequence.

Now, consider a more tricky case: S="ab", T="ba". We already need 3.

Now, consider S="abc", T="bca". That's cycle length3, answer=4.

Now, consider S="abcd", T="bcda". That's cycle length4, answer=5.

Now, consider S="ab", T="aa". answer=1.

All consistent.

Now, we should also test a case where there is a cycle and also a node that maps to a node in the cycle, and that node also has an incoming edge from another node, and we might be able to resolve the cycle with the same number of operations as edges+cycles? Already did.

Thus, implementation seems straightforward.

Now, we need to be careful about the cycle detection: We only consider nodes where present[c] and f[c]!=c and present[f[c]]. But what about nodes that are part of a cycle but f[c] is present, so they will have next[c] set. Good.

But what about a node that is part of a cycle but f[c] is present, but f[c] == c? That's self-loop, not a cycle of length>=2.

Now, we must also consider that a node might have f[c] != c and present[f[c]] true, but f[f[c]] might be not present? That would break the cycle. So such node cannot be in a cycle.

Thus, our next array correctly captures edges that stay within V.

Now, cycle detection algorithm: We'll use state array of size 26. We'll iterate over c from 0 to 25. If present[c] and next[c] != -1 and state[c]==0, we start traversal.

But note: A node that is part of a cycle will have next[c] != -1, and also all nodes in the cycle will have next != -1. So they will be traversed.

But what about a node that is in V, has next[c] != -1, but is not part of a cycle (i.e., leads eventually to a node with next = -1 or to a node already visited)? That's fine; traversal will mark them as visited without counting a cycle.

Now, we must ensure that we don't miss cycles that are isolated but have nodes with next[c] != -1. Since we iterate over all such nodes, we will catch them.

Now, complexity is trivial.

Now, let's test on some random cases mentally.

Case: S="a", T="b". present[a]=True, f[a]=b, b not present. non_self=1, next[a] = -1 (since present[b] false). cycles=0, answer=1. Works.

Case: S="ab", T="ba". present[a]=True, f[a]=b (present), present[b]=True, f[b]=a (present). next[a]=b, next[b]=a. non_self=2. Cycle detection: start from a: stack [a], cur=b (next[a]=b), state[b]=0 -> push b, stack [a,b], next[b]=a, cur=a, state[a]==1 -> cycle found. cycle_count=1. answer=3. Works.

Case: S="abc", T="cab". Mapping: a->c, b->a, c->b. All present. non_self=3. Graph: a->c, b->a, c->b. This is a cycle of length3. next[a]=c, next[b]=a, next[c]=b. Cycle detection will find one cycle. answer=4. Works.

Case: S="ab", T="bc". Mapping: a->b, b->c. present[a]=True, f[a]=b (present), present[b]=True, f[b]=c (c not present). next[a]=b (since present[b]), next[b] = -1 (since present[c] false). non_self=2. Cycle detection: start from a: stack [a], cur=b, state[b]=0 -> push b, stack [a,b], next[b] = -1, break. No cycle. answer=2. Works.

Case: S="ab", T="cb". Mapping: a->c, b->b. present[a]=True, f[a]=c (c not present), present[b]=True, f[b]=b. non_self=1 (a->c). next[a] = -1. answer=1. Works.

Case: S="aab", T="bba". Let's compute: positions: S[0]=a -> T[0]=b; S[1]=a -> T[1]=b; S[2]=b -> T[2]=a. So mapping: a->b, b->a. Consistent. non_self=2, cycle=1, answer=3. Works.

Now, consider a case where there are multiple letters mapping to same target, and that target is also in S but maps to itself. Example: S="abca", T="bcbb". Let's compute: positions: a->b, b->c, c->b, a->b. So mapping: a->b, b->c, c->b. So V={a,b,c}. f[a]=b, f[b]=c, f[c]=b. Non-self: a->b, b->c, c->b =3. Graph: a->b, b->c, c->b. This has a cycle? b->c, c->b forms a 2-cycle. So cycles=1. answer=4. Let's test if we can do in 4. Steps: break cycle with temp: choose b->t (1), then c->b (2), then t->c (3), then a->b (4). After step1: b becomes t, groups: a, t, c. Step2: c->b (b free? after step1, b is gone, so b free), groups: a, t, b (original c). Step3: t->c, groups: a, c (original b), b (original c). Step4: a->b, groups: b (original a), c, b? Wait after step3 we have groups: a, c (original b), b (original c). Actually step3: t->c, so t becomes c, merging with original b? original b is t? Let's simulate carefully:

Initial: a, b, c.
Step1: replace b with t (new). Now groups: a, t (original b), c.
Step2: replace c with b. Since b is not present (b became t), b is free. So c becomes b. Groups: a, t, b (original c).
Step3: replace t with c. t becomes c. Groups: a, c (original b), b (original c).
Step4: replace a with b. a becomes b. Groups: b (original a), c, b (original c). Now we have two groups: b (original a and original c) and c (original b). But we need final: a->b, b->c, c->b. So original a should be b (ok), original b should be c (but original b is in group c, good), original c should be b (original c is in group b, good). So final groups: group b contains original a and c; group c contains original b. That's correct. So 4 operations. Works.

Now, what if we tried to do without extra? Could we do in 3? Probably not.

Thus, formula holds.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a self-loop plus incoming edges from a cycle? Not possible because self-loop means fixed point, so any node pointing to it is not part of a cycle.

Now, one more nuance: The mapping f might have a node that maps to a letter that is not in V, but that target letter might be the same as a letter that appears in V? Actually, if target is not in V, it's not present initially. So it's fine.

Now, we must also consider that the operation can replace x with y even if y is currently present, causing merge. In our constructive method, we sometimes merge when it's safe (i.e., when the groups have the same target). That's allowed.

Now, is there any scenario where we could achieve the transformation with fewer operations than edges + cycles by using a more clever sequence that merges some edges? For example, suppose we have two edges a->b and c->b, and b is fixed (b->b). According to formula, non_self=2, cycles=0, answer=2. Could we do it in 1? If we replace a with c first, then replace c with b? That would be 2 operations. If we replace a with b and c with b, that's 2. If we replace a with c and then c with b, still 2. Can't do 1 because one operation can only change one group's label. Initially we have three groups: a, b, c. After one operation, we can change one group's label to something else. To get both a and c to become b, we need at least two changes. So 2 is minimal.

Now, consider a case where we have a chain a->b, b->c, and c is fixed? Actually if c->c, then it's a chain ending at fixed point. non_self=2, answer=2. Can we do in 1? No.

Now, consider a case where we have a cycle of length 2 and also an edge from a third node to one of the cycle nodes, and that third node also has an incoming edge? Already considered.

Thus, formula seems minimal.

Now, we should also think about the possibility of using an operation that changes a letter to another that is not its target but later that letter becomes the target of another, effectively achieving two mappings in one operation? For example, in a chain a->b, b->c, we did b->c first, then a->b. That's two operations. Could we do a->c directly? That would make a become c, but we need a to become b, not c. So not.

What about using a temporary that is also a target for another node? That might combine steps but still count as operations.

Thus, I'm confident.

Now, we need to write the solution in Python.

Implementation steps:

- Read N (int)
- Read S (string)
- Read T (string)
- Initialize f = [-1]*26, present = [False]*26
- For i in range(N):
    s = ord(S[i]) - 97
    t = ord(T[i]) - 97
    present[s] = True
    if f[s] == -1:
        f[s] = t
    elif f[s] != t:
        print(-1)
        return
- After loop, compute non_self = sum(1 for c in range(26) if present[c] and f[c] != c)

- Build next array: next = [-1]*26
  for c in range(26):
      if present[c] and f[c] != c:
          t = f[c]
          if present[t]:
              next[c] = t

- Detect cycles:
  state = [0]*26  # 0 unvisited, 1 visiting, 2 visited
  cycle_count = 0
  for c in range(26):
      if present[c] and next[c] != -1 and state[c] == 0:
          # start traversal
          stack = []
          cur = c
          while True:
              if state[cur] == 1:
                  # found a cycle
                  # find index of cur in stack
                  # Since stack size <=26, linear search fine
                  idx = stack.index(cur)
                  # The cycle consists of nodes from idx to end
                  # We count one cycle per component
                  cycle_count += 1
                  break
              elif state[cur] == 2:
                  # reached already processed node, no cycle
                  break
              else:
                  state[cur] = 1
                  stack.append(cur)
                  if next[cur] == -1:
                      break
                  else:
                      cur = next[cur]
          # mark all nodes in stack as visited
          for node in stack:
              state[node] = 2

- answer = non_self + cycle_count
- print(answer)

But we must be careful: In the traversal, when we break because we hit a node with state==1, we have already added cycle_count. However, the nodes in the stack include the cycle nodes and possibly a tail. After marking them as visited, we are done. But what about the node that caused the cycle (cur) that we encountered? It is already in the stack, so it will be marked visited. Good.

But there is a subtle case: When we start from a node that is part of a cycle, the traversal will go around and eventually come back to the starting node. At that point, state[cur] will be 1 because we set it to 1 when we first visited it. So we detect cycle. The stack will contain the entire cycle (maybe multiple times? Actually, we push nodes as we go. When we come back to the starting node, it's already in the stack with state 1. So we detect cycle. The stack contains the cycle nodes in order. The index of cur in stack will be 0 (since it's the first node). So we count cycle. That's fine.

Now, what about starting from a node that is in a tail leading into a cycle? The stack will contain tail nodes then cycle nodes. When we enter the cycle, we will eventually hit a node that is already in the stack (the first cycle node we encountered). At that point, state[cur] will be 1 (since we set it when we first visited that cycle node). So we detect cycle. The index will be the position of that first cycle node in the stack. So we count the cycle. The tail nodes are not part of the cycle. That's correct.

Now, after marking all nodes in stack as visited, the cycle nodes are marked visited, so they won't be processed again. Good.

Now, we must also consider that there might be nodes that have next[c] != -1 but are not reachable from any starting node because they are part of a cycle but we might skip them if we don't iterate over them? We iterate over all c with next[c]!=-1 and state[c]==0, so we will eventually start from each unvisited node in the graph. Since cycles are strongly connected, starting from any node in the cycle will traverse the whole cycle and mark all nodes visited. So we will count the cycle exactly once.

Now, what about nodes that have next[c] != -1 but are not part of any cycle (i.e., they lead to a dead end or to a node already visited)? They will be traversed and marked visited without counting a cycle.

Thus, cycle_count is correct.

Now, we should also consider that there might be a cycle that includes a node that has f[c] != c and present[f[c]] true, but f[c] might be equal to c? No.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that f[c] != c but present[f[c]] is true, but f[f[c]] might be not present, so next[c] is set but next[f[c]] might be -1. Then c is not in a cycle. Our traversal will handle that.

Now, test on a case where there is a node with next[c] set but it leads to a node with next = -1. Example: a->b, b->c, c->x (x not present). present[a]=True, present[b]=True, present[c]=True, f[a]=b, f[b]=c, f[c]=x. next[a]=b (since present[b]), next[b]=c (since present[c]), next[c] = -1 (since present[x] false). Starting from a: stack [a], cur=b -> push b, stack [a,b], cur=c -> push c, stack [a,b,c], next[c] = -1 break. No cycle. state marked visited. Good.

Now, test on a case where there is a cycle and a tail: a->b, b->c, c->d, d->c. present all. next[a]=b, next[b]=c, next[c]=d, next[d]=c. Starting from a: stack [a], cur=b -> push b, stack [a,b], cur=c -> push c, stack [a,b,c], cur=d -> push d, stack [a,b,c,d], next[d]=c, cur=c, state[c]==1 -> cycle found. idx = stack.index(c) = 2. cycle_count +=1. Then mark all nodes visited. Good.

Now, what if we start from c later? state[c] is already 2, so skip.

Thus, cycle_count=1.

Now, answer = non_self + cycle_count.

Now, we must also consider if there is any scenario where a cycle is of length 1 (self-loop). But we excluded those because next[c] is set only if f[c]!=c. So self-loops not considered. So cycle_count only counts cycles of length >=2.

Now, one more nuance: Could there be a cycle that involves a node that maps to itself? No.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the mapping f might have a node that maps to a letter that is not in V, but that letter might be the same as another node's target, forming a class with target not in V. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that the mapping f might have a node that maps to a letter that is in V, but that target letter maps to itself (fixed). That's a tree rooted at fixed point. No cycle.

Now, we should test on a random larger case to ensure no oversight.

But before finalizing, let's try to prove minimality more formally to be sure.

We can think in terms of the number of operations needed to resolve the functional graph. Each operation can be thought of as "redirecting" a node's current label to another. Initially, each node c has label c. The goal is to have label f(c). Consider the graph where we have edges c -> f(c). For each edge, we need to eventually "apply" that change. However, if we apply an edge directly (change c to f(c)), it may cause a merge if f(c) is currently present. That merge is acceptable only if c and the node(s) with label f(c) are supposed to end up with the same final label. In other words, if f(c) is a fixed point or if all nodes that currently have label f(c) have the same target as c (i.e., they are in the same equivalence class), then merging is okay. Otherwise, it's not allowed. So the only safe way to apply an edge c->f(c) is when f(c) is not currently present, or when all nodes with label f(c) are in the same class as c (i.e., they all have target f(c) as well? Actually, if they have target f(c), then they are in the same class as c? Wait, c's target is f(c). If there is another node d with current label f(c), its target could be something else. If its target is also f(c), then d and c share target, so merging is fine. If its target is different, merging would be bad. So the condition for safe direct change is that the group currently labeled f(c) consists entirely of nodes whose target is f(c) (i.e., they are already correct or will become f(c) as well). In particular, if f(c) is a fixed point (f(f(c)) = f(c)), then the group labeled f(c) contains nodes that should end as f(c), so merging is fine. If f(c) is not a fixed point, then the group labeled f(c) contains at least one node (the one originally f(c)) whose target is not f(c) (unless f(f(c)) = f(c), which would make it fixed). So in a cycle, no node is fixed, so any direct change would merge nodes with different targets, which is not allowed. Therefore, for each edge that is part of a cycle, we cannot apply it directly; we need to first break the cycle by temporarily changing one node to a label not used by any group with conflicting target. This requires an extra operation per cycle. For edges not in cycles, we can apply them in reverse topological order, ensuring the target is free (or safe to merge). Each such edge requires one operation. For edges that point to a fixed point, we can apply them directly (one operation each) because merging with the fixed point group is safe. For edges that point to a node that will later be changed (i.e., in a chain), we can apply them after the target has been moved, so still one operation per edge. Thus, total operations = number of edges + number of cycles.

This reasoning seems solid.

Now, we must also consider edges that point to a node that is not in V (target not present). Those are like leaves; we can apply them directly (one operation) because target is not present, so no merge. So they count as edges.

Thus, formula stands.

Now, we should also consider if there is any scenario where an edge can be applied without an operation because the node already has the target label? That's self-loop, not counted.

Now, we need to implement.

But wait: There is a subtle case: What if there is a cycle, but one of the nodes in the cycle also has an incoming edge from a node outside the cycle, and that outside node has the same target as the cycle node? That would mean that outside node and the cycle node share target. But the cycle node's target is another node in the cycle, not itself. So they cannot share target because the cycle node's target is different. For example, in cycle a->b, b->a, a's target is b, b's target is a. If there is c->b, then c's target is b, which is the same as a's target? a's target is b, so a and c share target b. So a and c are in same class (target b). That means a and c should end up together in group b. But a is in a cycle and its target is b, which is another node in the cycle. So a should become b, and c should become b. So they can merge. In our earlier example, we had a->b, b->a, c->b. We resolved with 4 operations. Could we do better by merging a and c early? Let's try to see if we can do in 3 operations. Steps: 
1. Change a to c? Then a becomes c, merging with c? Actually c is present, so a and c merge into group c. Now groups: c (a,c), b.
2. Change b to a? b becomes a. Now groups: c, a.
3. Change c to b? c becomes b. Final: b (a,c), a (b). That's 3 operations! Wait, does this work? Let's simulate carefully.

Initial: groups: a, b, c.
Step1: replace a with c. Since c exists, a becomes c, merging with c. Now groups: c (original a and c), b.
Step2: replace b with a. b becomes a. a is not present? After step1, a is gone (since a became c), so a is free. So b becomes a. Now groups: c, a (original b).
Step3: replace c with b. c becomes b. Now groups: b (original a and c), a (original b). Final: original a->b, original b->a, original c->b. That's exactly the desired mapping! And we used only 3 operations, not 4. But our earlier calculation gave 4 (edges=3, cycles=1 =>4). But we found a sequence with 3 operations. Let's verify thoroughly.

S and T? Let's construct concrete strings to test. Suppose S="abc", T="bab"? Actually mapping: a->b, b->a, c->b. So S="abc", T="bab"? Check: positions: a->b, b->a, c->b => T would be "bab". So S="abc", T="bab". Is that consistent? Yes. Now, can we transform "abc" to "bab" in 3 operations using the sequence above?

We need to simulate on the string, not just groups. Let's do it.

S = a b c
Step1: replace a with c. So all a's become c. String becomes: c b c (since position1 a->c, position2 b stays, position3 c stays). Now string: c b c.
Step2: replace b with a. All b's become a. String becomes: c a c.
Step3: replace c with b. All c's become b. String becomes: b a b. That's "bab", which matches T. Indeed, it works in 3 operations!

But earlier we thought such a case required 4 operations. Let's recalc edges and cycles. Mapping: a->b, b->a, c->b. Non-self edges: a->b, b->a, c->b = 3. Cycle: a->b, b->a is a 2-cycle. So according to formula, answer would be 3+1=4. But we found a 3-operation sequence. So our formula is not correct for this case! Let's analyze why.

We have a cycle a<->b, and an extra node c that maps to b. In our earlier reasoning, we thought we need an extra operation for the cycle, but we managed to resolve with only 3 operations, which is equal to number of edges (3) without adding an extra for the cycle. So the cycle did not require an extra operation because we could use c as a temporary in a clever way that didn't add an extra operation beyond the edge count.

Let's examine the sequence: 
1. a -> c (instead of a->temp, we used c as the temporary)
2. b -> a
3. c -> b

This is similar to breaking the cycle using c as the temporary, but note that c is not a new letter; it's an existing letter that also needs to become b. In step1, we changed a to c, merging a with c. That's allowed because a and c share the same target b? Actually, a's target is b, c's target is b. So they are in the same class (target b). Merging them early is fine because they both need to end as b. So we didn't need an extra temporary letter; we used c, which already exists and is in the same class as a. This merging didn't cause any conflict because c's target is b, same as a's target. After merging, we have group c containing a and c. Then we changed b to a (step2). At that point, a is free (since a became c), so b becomes a, creating group a. Then we changed c to b (step3), turning the merged group (a and c) into b, and we already have group a (original b). Final: group b contains a and c, group a contains b. That's correct.

So the extra operation for the cycle was avoided because we had an external node c that also maps to b, allowing us to merge a with c first, effectively using c as a "bridge". In the pure cycle case (only a and b), we had no such external node, so we needed an extra temporary. But if there is any node outside the cycle that maps to a node in the cycle, and that external node shares the same target as the cycle node we are changing, we might be able to use it as a temporary without extra operation? Let's analyze.

In the pure 2-cycle, we needed 3 operations. With an extra node c that maps to b, we did it in 3 operations, which is edges count (3) and no extra. So the cycle didn't add an extra operation because the extra node provided a way to break the cycle without an additional step beyond the edge count.

But wait, edges count is 3, and we used 3 operations. So the extra operation for the cycle was not needed because the cycle's extra operation was effectively "absorbed" into one of the edge operations? Let's see: In the pure cycle, we had 2 edges, needed 3 ops = edges +1. In this case, we have 3 edges, needed 3 ops = edges. So the presence of the extra edge (c->b) allowed us to resolve the cycle without an extra op.

So our formula needs refinement: The extra operation is needed only for cycles that do not have any incoming edge from outside the cycle? Or more generally, for each cycle, if there is at least one node outside the cycle that points to a node in the cycle, then we might be able to use that external node to break the cycle without an extra operation? But in our example, the external node c pointed to b, which is in the cycle. And we used c as a temporary by first merging a with c. That worked because a and c share the same target (b). But is it always possible if there is any external node pointing into the cycle? Let's test with a different configuration.

Consider cycle a->b, b->a, and an external node d that points to a (d->a). So mapping: a->b, b->a, d->a. Now we have edges: a->b, b->a, d->a. Non-self=3. Can we do in 3 operations? Let's try to find a sequence.

We need final: a->b, b->a, d->a. So groups: target b: a; target a: b and d.

We need to end with group b containing a, group a containing b and d.

Try to use d as temporary for a? Since d's target is a, not b. a's target is b. They don't share target. So merging a and d would be problematic because a should become b, d should become a. If we merge them, they'd have to become both b or both a, which can't satisfy both. So we cannot merge a and d directly.

Maybe we can use d as temporary for b? b's target is a, d's target is a, so b and d share target a. So we could merge b and d. Let's try a sequence:

Option: 
1. Change b to d? But d is present, and b and d share target a, so merging b and d is okay (both need to become a). So step1: replace b with d. Now groups: a, d (original b and d). 
2. Change a to b? a's target is b, but b is not present? After step1, b is gone (b became d), so b is free. So step2: replace a with b. Now groups: b (original a), d (original b and d).
3. Change d to a. d becomes a. Now groups: b, a (original b and d). Final: a (original b,d), b (original a). That's correct! So 3 operations.

So we used d as a temporary for b, merging b and d first. That worked because b and d share target a. So again, we achieved edges count (3) without extra.

Now, consider cycle a->b, b->a, and an external node e that points to b (e->b). That's the earlier case, worked.

Consider cycle a->b, b->a, and an external node f that points to a? That's the same as d->a, we just did and worked.

So it seems that if there is any external node that points into the cycle, we can resolve the cycle without an extra operation, by using that external node as a temporary, merging it with the appropriate cycle node (the one that shares its target). But is it always possible? Let's test with a longer cycle, say a->b, b->c, c->a (3-cycle), and an external node d that points to b (d->b). Mapping: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b. Non-self edges=4. Can we do in 4 operations? Let's try to find a sequence.

Goal: final groups: target b: a and d? Actually a->b, d->b, so target b: a,d. target c: b. target a: c. So groups: b (a,d), c (b), a (c).

We need to end with three groups.

We can try to use d to break the cycle. Since d and a share target b, we could merge a and d first. Let's attempt:

1. Change a to d? But d is present, and a and d share target b, so merging is okay. Step1: replace a with d. Now groups: d (original a and d), b, c.
2. Now we have a cycle between b and c? Actually b->c, c->a, but a is now d, so c->a becomes c->d? Wait, mapping is fixed; we are changing the string, not the mapping. The operation changes the current labels, but the target mapping remains the same. After step1, the current groups: d (contains original a and d), b, c. We need to achieve: original a (now in group d) should become b; original d (in group d) should become b; original b should become c; original c should become a.

Now we have a situation similar to a 2-cycle? Not exactly. We have group d (needs to become b), group b (needs to become c), group c (needs to become a). This is like a chain: d->b, b->c, c->a. But note that a is not present currently (a became d), so the target a is free. So we can process in reverse: 
3. Change c to a (since a free). Step2? Actually we need to order carefully.

Let's try to design full sequence:

Step1: a -> d (merge a and d). Now groups: d (a,d), b, c.
Step2: c -> a? But a is not present (since a became d), so a is free. So we can change c to a. Step2: replace c with a. Now groups: d, b, a (original c).
Step3: b -> c? c is not present? After step2, c is gone (original c became a), so c is free. So change b to c. Step3: replace b with c. Now groups: d, c (original b), a.
Step4: d -> b. b is not present? After step3, b is gone (original b became c), so b is free. So change d to b. Step4: replace d with b. Now groups: b (original a,d), c, a. That's final: b (a,d), c (b), a (c). That's 4 operations. So total 4, which equals edges count (4). So we achieved edges count without extra.

But could we do in 3? Probably not, because we have 4 edges. So edges count seems achievable when there is an external node pointing into the cycle.

Now, consider a 3-cycle with no external nodes. That's just the cycle itself, edges=3, we needed 4 operations (3+1). So the extra operation is needed only for cycles that have no incoming edges from outside the cycle (i.e., cycles that are isolated, with no other nodes pointing into them). In graph terms, for each cycle in the functional graph, if there is at least one node outside the cycle that has an edge pointing to some node in the cycle, then we can resolve the cycle without an extra operation. If the cycle has no incoming edges (i.e., it's a source component), then we need an extra operation.

But wait, what about cycles that have incoming edges from nodes that are themselves part of other cycles? That's impossible because each node has out-degree 1, so if a node points into a cycle, that node is not in a cycle (unless it's part of the same cycle). So incoming edges come from trees feeding into the cycle.

Thus, the condition is: For each cycle, if the cycle has at least one incoming edge from a node not in the cycle (i.e., indegree from outside > 0), then we can avoid the extra operation. If the cycle has no incoming edges (i.e., it's a source cycle, indegree 0 within the graph of present nodes), then we need an extra operation.

But is that always sufficient? Let's test with a cycle that has an incoming edge, but that incoming node's target is a node in the cycle, and that incoming node shares target with the cycle node? In our examples, the incoming node shared target with the cycle node we merged with. In the 3-cycle with d->b, d and a shared target b? Actually a's target is b, d's target is b, so they share target. In the 2-cycle with d->a, d and b shared target a? b's target is a, d's target is a, so they share target. So it seems the incoming node always shares target with the cycle node it points to? Not necessarily. Consider a cycle a->b, b->a. Suppose we have an external node x that points to a, but x's target is something else, say c, not a. But can that happen? If x points to a, then f(x)=a. But a's target is b. So x's target is a, which is not the same as a's target (b). So x and a do not share target. In such case, can we still resolve the cycle without extra operation? Let's test.

Mapping: a->b, b->a, x->a, and also maybe other nodes? But we need consistency: For x, f(x)=a. So x should become a. a should become b. So x and a have different targets (a vs b). So they cannot be merged. So using x as a temporary for a would merge x and a, which would be problematic because they need different final labels. Could we use x as a temporary for b? b's target is a, x's target is a, so b and x share target a. So we could merge b and x. That might work. Let's test with concrete: S has a,b,x. T: a->b, b->a, x->a. So T would be? For positions: if S="abx", T would be "baa"? Actually a->b, b->a, x->a => T = b a a. So S="abx", T="baa". Can we transform in 3 operations? Let's try.

We need final: a->b, b->a, x->a.

Try sequence:
1. Merge b and x? Since both need to become a, we can change b to x or x to b. Let's try: change b to x. Step1: replace b with x. Now groups: a, x (original b and x). 
2. Now we have a and x. a needs to become b, x needs to become a. We can change a to b? But b is not present? After step1, b is gone (b became x), so b is free. So step2: replace a with b. Now groups: b (original a), x.
3. Change x to a. x becomes a. Now groups: b, a (original b and x). Final: a (original b,x), b (original a). That's correct: original a->b, original b->a, original x->a. So 3 operations. Works.

So even though x->a and a->b have different targets, we used b and x merging (since they share target a). So the incoming node shared target with the other cycle node (b), not the one it points to. So as long as there is some node in the cycle that shares target with the incoming node, we can use that. In a cycle, each node has a distinct target. An incoming node points to some node v in the cycle. Its target is v. The node v's target is some other node w. So the incoming node and v do not share target (unless v's target equals v, which would be a self-loop, not a cycle). However, the incoming node might share target with another node in the cycle? For incoming node x with target v, which node in the cycle has target v? That would be the node u such that f(u)=v. In a cycle, each node has exactly one incoming edge from within the cycle. So there is a node u in the cycle with f(u)=v. That node u's target is v. So x and u share the same target v. So indeed, for any incoming edge x->v, there exists a node u in the cycle (the one that maps to v) such that x and u share target v. Therefore, we can merge x with u. That seems always possible. In the 2-cycle, if x points to a, then the node that maps to a is b (since b->a). So x and b share target a. So we can merge b and x. In the 3-cycle, if x points to b, then the node that maps to b is a (since a->b). So x and a share target b. So we can merge a and x. So indeed, for any incoming edge to a cycle, there is a node in the cycle that shares the target with the incoming node. Therefore, we can always use that incoming node to break the cycle without an extra operation, by merging it with that cycle node first, then proceeding.

Thus, cycles that have at least one incoming edge from outside can be resolved without an extra operation. Only cycles with no incoming edges (i.e., source cycles) require an extra operation.

But wait, what about cycles that have incoming edges but those incoming edges are from nodes that are themselves part of other cycles? That can't happen because if a node is in a cycle, its outgoing edge is within its own cycle, so it cannot point to a different cycle. So incoming edges to a cycle always come from trees (nodes not in cycles). So yes.

Therefore, the minimal number of operations = (number of non-self edges) + (number of cycles that have no incoming edges from outside the cycle). In other words, count cycles that are source components in the functional graph (i.e., cycles with indegree 0 when considering only nodes in V and edges from V to V). But careful: The indegree from outside the cycle means there exists some node not in the cycle that has an edge to a node in the cycle. In the functional graph, each node has out-degree 1. The indegree of a cycle can be computed by counting edges from nodes outside the cycle that point to nodes in the cycle. If that count is zero, the cycle is a source component.

Thus, we need to adjust our formula.

Let's test on the pure 2-cycle (a<->b) with no other nodes. Indegree from outside = 0, so it's a source cycle. Then answer = edges (2) + 1 = 3. That matches.

On the 2-cycle with an extra node c->b, indegree from outside to the cycle is at least 1 (c points to b). So answer = edges (3) + 0 = 3. That matches our found 3.

On the 3-cycle with no extra nodes, indegree 0, answer = edges (3) + 1 = 4. That matches known.

On the 3-cycle with d->b, indegree from outside >=1, answer = edges (4) + 0 = 4. We found a sequence with 4 operations. Could we do in 3? Probably not because we have 4 edges; each edge likely needs at least one operation, so 4 is lower bound? But is there a lower bound of edges? Possibly each operation can "satisfy" at most one edge? Not exactly, but we can argue that each operation can change the label of at most one group to its target, and initially we have as many groups as letters. After operations, we need to have groups matching targets. The number of operations needed is at least the number of edges minus something? But in the 3-cycle with d->b, we achieved 4, which equals number of edges. So edges is a lower bound? In the pure cycle, edges=2 but we needed 3, so edges is not a strict lower bound; sometimes we need more. So the lower bound is edges minus something? Actually, we need at least the number of edges because each edge corresponds to a required change from c to f(c). However, one operation might accomplish multiple such changes if it changes a group that contains multiple original letters that all need to become the same target. But in a cycle, no two letters share the same target, so each operation can at most satisfy one edge? Not necessarily; in the 2-cycle with extra node, we satisfied three edges with three operations, each operation satisfied one edge? Let's see: In the sequence a->c, b->a, c->b, which edges were satisfied? After step1, a became c, but a's target is b, not c, so not satisfied yet. After step2, b became a, b's target is a, so b satisfied. After step3, c became b, c's target is b, so c satisfied; also a (now c) became b, so a satisfied. So step3 satisfied two edges (a and c) simultaneously. So one operation can satisfy multiple edges if they are in the same group and that group's label is changed to the common target. So the lower bound is not simply edges.

Thus, we need a more precise count.

Our revised formula: answer = number of non-self edges + number of source cycles (cycles with indegree 0). Let's test on more cases.

Case: Two disjoint cycles, each with no incoming edges. Example: a<->b, c<->d. Non-self edges=4, source cycles=2, answer=6. We earlier thought 6 might be minimal. Can we do better? Possibly we could use one cycle to break the other? But they are disjoint, no connections. Each cycle needs an extra operation unless it has an incoming edge. Since neither has incoming edges, each needs an extra. So 6 seems plausible. Could we do 5? Let's try to see if we can break both cycles with one temporary? Suppose we use a temporary t. For first cycle, we do a->t, b->a, t->b (3 ops). After that, t is gone. For second cycle, we need another temporary, could be t again, but that would be another 3 ops, total 6. If we try to interleave, maybe we can use a node from one cycle as temporary for the other? But they are separate; after processing first cycle, the nodes are correct. Could we use a node from the second cycle as temporary for the first before processing the second? For example, start with a->c? But c is in the other cycle and has its own target. If we change a to c, we merge a with c. But a's target is b, c's target is d, so they have different targets, merging would be bad. So not allowed. So 6 seems minimal.

Now, consider a cycle with an incoming edge, we already saw edges count suffices.

Now, consider a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that itself is part of a tree that also has other nodes. That should still work.

Now, consider a cycle that has multiple incoming edges. Still should work.

Thus, the formula becomes: answer = (number of c in A with f(c) != c) + (number of cycles that have no incoming edges from nodes outside the cycle). But we must be careful: What about cycles that have incoming edges from nodes that are not in A? Those nodes are not in V, so they don't exist initially. But could we use a letter not in V as a temporary to break a cycle without an extra operation? That would still require an operation to change a cycle node to that temporary, which is an extra operation. So if there are no incoming edges from within V, but we could use an external letter (not in V) as a temporary, that still counts as an extra operation. So the condition for needing an extra operation is whether the cycle has any incoming edge from within V. If not, we need an extra operation (since we must introduce a temporary, which adds an operation beyond the edge count). If there is at least one incoming edge from within V, we can use that node as a temporary without extra operation (by merging it with the appropriate cycle node). So the count of extra operations equals the number of cycles that have zero indegree from other nodes in V (i.e., no node outside the cycle points into it).

But wait, what about cycles that have incoming edges from nodes that are themselves part of other cycles? As argued, impossible. So indegree from within V is from trees only.

Thus, we need to compute, for each cycle in the functional graph (considering only nodes in V and edges where f(c) in V), whether there exists any node not in the cycle that has an edge to a node in the cycle. If yes, then that cycle does not require an extra operation; otherwise, it does.

Now, we must also consider edges that point to nodes not in V. Those are not part of cycles. They don't affect cycle indegree.

Now, we need to compute cycles and their indegree from outside.

Implementation approach:

- Build the functional graph on V (letters that appear in S). For each c in V, if f[c] in V, then we have an edge c -> f[c]. If f[c] not in V, then c is a leaf pointing outside.

- We'll find all cycles in this graph. Since each node has out-degree at most 1, we can detect cycles and also compute for each node whether it is in a cycle.

- Then, for each cycle, we need to check if there is any node outside the cycle that points to a node in the cycle. That is, exists node x not in the cycle such that f[x] in V and f[x] is in the cycle.

- If such x exists, then the cycle has an incoming edge, so no extra operation needed for that cycle. Otherwise, we need to add 1.

But careful: Could there be a node x that is not in V? No, x must be in V to have an edge defined. So we only consider x in V.

Thus, we can compute indegree from outside for each cycle.

Alternatively, we can compute the answer as: non_self + number_of_cycles - number_of_cycles_with_incoming_edge? Actually, we need to add 1 for each cycle that has no incoming edge. So answer = non_self + (number_of_cycles - number_of_cycles_with_incoming_edge). But that's non_self + number_of_cycles - incoming_cycles. But incoming_cycles is the number of cycles that have at least one incoming edge. So answer = non_self + (number_of_cycles - cycles_with_incoming). But we can also compute directly as non_self + number_of_source_cycles.

We need to compute source cycles: cycles with indegree 0 from outside.

Now, we must also consider that a cycle might have an incoming edge from a node that is itself in a different cycle? Not possible. So indegree from outside is simply from nodes not in any cycle (i.e., in trees).

Thus, we can compute as follows:

- Identify all nodes in V that are part of a cycle. We can do a DFS or use standard algorithm for functional graph to find cycles.

- For each node, determine if it is in a cycle.

- Then, for each node not in a cycle (i.e., in trees), we can follow its path until we hit a node in a cycle or a node with f not in V. If we hit a node in a cycle, then that cycle gets an incoming edge from this node (or from some node in its tree). Actually, any node that eventually reaches a cycle contributes an incoming edge to that cycle (the first node in the cycle that is reached). But we only need to know if a cycle has at least one incoming edge. So we can mark cycles that have any incoming edge from a node not in the cycle.

Implementation plan:

1. After building f array and present, create a set V = {c | present[c]}.

2. Build next_in_V array: for c in V, if f[c] in V, then nxt[c] = f[c]; else nxt[c] = -1.

3. Detect cycles and mark nodes in cycle.

   Since the graph is functional, we can use an array state: 0=unvisited, 1=visiting, 2=visited. We'll also have an array in_cycle[26] initially False.

   For each c in V with state[c]==0:
        traverse following nxt until we hit -1 or a node with state!=0.
        Keep a stack of nodes visited in this traversal.
        If we encounter a node with state==1, then we have found a cycle. The cycle consists of nodes from the first occurrence of that node in the stack to the end. Mark those nodes as in_cycle = True.
        If we encounter a node with state==2 or nxt==-1, then no cycle in this path.
        After traversal, mark all nodes in stack as state=2.

   This will identify all nodes that are part of cycles.

4. Now, for each node c in V that is not in a cycle (i.e., in_cycle[c]==False), we can follow its path via nxt until we either reach a node with nxt==-1 or a node in a cycle. If we reach a node in a cycle, then that cycle has an incoming edge from c (or from some ancestor). But we only need to know if the cycle has any incoming edge. So we can, for each such c, traverse and if we hit a cycle node d, mark that cycle as having incoming. However, we must be careful not to double-count, and also to handle chains that lead to cycles.

   Since the graph is small, we can simply for each node not in cycle, follow nxt until we either exit V or hit a cycle. If we hit a cycle, we can mark that cycle (or the specific cycle ID) as having incoming.

   To mark cycles, we can assign a cycle_id to each node in a cycle. While detecting cycles, we can assign a cycle index to each cycle. For example, when we find a cycle, we can assign a unique id to all nodes in that cycle, and store that id.

   Then, for each node not in cycle, follow nxt until we either reach -1 or a node with cycle_id. If we reach a node with cycle_id, then that cycle has an incoming edge. We can set a boolean array has_incoming[cycle_id] = True.

5. After processing all nodes, count number of cycles that have has_incoming == False. Let source_cycles = that count.

6. Answer = non_self + source_cycles.

Let's test this on previous examples.

Example1: V={a,b,d,f}. nxt: a->b, d->b, b->-1, f->-1. No cycles. source_cycles=0. non_self=4. answer=4. Good.

Example2: identity, non_self=0, answer=0.

Example4: V={a,b,c}. nxt: a->b, b->c, c->a. All in one cycle. Are there any nodes not in cycle? No. So has_incoming for this cycle? Since no nodes outside cycle point to it, has_incoming=False. source_cycles=1. non_self=3. answer=4. Good.

Now, the 2-cycle with extra node c->b: V={a,b,c}. nxt: a->b, b->a, c->b? But careful: c->b, b is in V, so nxt[c]=b. So graph: a->b, b->a, c->b. Detect cycles: a and b form a cycle. c is not in cycle. For c, follow nxt: c->b, b is in cycle, so cycle gets incoming. So has_incoming=True. source_cycles=0. non_self=3. answer=3. Good.

2-cycle with d->a: similar, cycle gets incoming, source_cycles=0, answer=3.

3-cycle with d->b: V={a,b,c,d}. nxt: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b. Cycle: a,b,c. d not in cycle, d->b points to cycle, so has_incoming=True. source_cycles=0, non_self=4, answer=4. Good.

Pure 2-cycle: V={a,b}. nxt: a->b, b->a. Cycle only, no other nodes. has_incoming=False, source_cycles=1, non_self=2, answer=3. Good.

Pure 3-cycle: V={a,b,c}. Cycle only, no incoming, source_cycles=1, non_self=3, answer=4. Good.

Two disjoint cycles: V={a,b,c,d}. nxt: a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c. Two cycles, each with no incoming. source_cycles=2, non_self=4, answer=6. Good.

Now, consider a more complex: a cycle with a tree feeding into it, and that tree has multiple nodes. The cycle still has incoming (from the root of the tree). So source_cycles=0 for that cycle.

Now, consider a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is itself part of a tree that also includes other nodes. Still incoming.

Now, consider a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node is also in the cycle? That's within cycle, not incoming. So only nodes outside cycle count.

Thus, the formula seems correct.

Now, we must also consider the possibility of a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is not in V? That can't happen because node must be in V to have an edge defined. So no.

Now, what about a cycle where some node in the cycle has f[c] not in V? That can't happen because if c is in a cycle, then f[c] must be in V (since cycle is within V). So fine.

Now, we need to ensure that our detection of cycles and incoming edges correctly handles cases where there are nodes that point to a node in a cycle but that node itself is part of a different cycle? Not possible.

Now, we also need to consider that there might be nodes that are not in V but could be used as temporary to break a source cycle without an extra operation? That would still require an operation to change a cycle node to that external letter, which is an extra operation. So source cycles always require an extra operation, regardless of using external letters. So our count of source_cycles as extra operations is correct.

Now, we must also consider if there is any scenario where a source cycle could be resolved without an extra operation by using a node from another source cycle? That would merge cycles, but they have different targets, so not allowed. So no.

Thus, final answer = non_self + number_of_source_cycles.

Now, we need to implement cycle detection and source cycle identification.

Implementation details:

- We'll use arrays of size 26.

- present[26] bool.

- f[26] int, initialized -1.

After reading input and checking consistency, we have f for each present letter.

- Compute non_self = count of c where present[c] and f[c] != c.

- Build nxt[26] = -1 for all. For c in 0..25:
    if present[c] and f[c] != c and present[f[c]]:
        nxt[c] = f[c]
    else:
        nxt[c] = -1

But careful: If f[c] == c, we don't set nxt (self-loop). Also if f[c] not present, nxt = -1.

Now, we need to find cycles and assign cycle_id.

We'll have arrays:
state[26] = 0 (0=unvisited, 1=visiting, 2=visited)
in_cycle[26] = False
cycle_id[26] = -1
cycle_has_incoming = []  # list for each cycle id, initially empty.

We'll iterate over c from 0 to 25:
    if present[c] and nxt[c] != -1 and state[c] == 0:
        # start traversal
        stack = []
        cur = c
        while True:
            if state[cur] == 1:
                # found a cycle
                # find index of cur in stack
                idx = stack.index(cur)
                # nodes from idx to end are in cycle
                # assign a new cycle id
                cid = len(cycle_has_incoming)
                cycle_has_incoming.append(False)  # initially no incoming
                for node in stack[idx:]:
                    in_cycle[node] = True
                    cycle_id[node] = cid
                break
            elif state[cur] == 2:
                # reached already processed node, no cycle
                break
            else:
                state[cur] = 1
                stack.append(cur)
                if nxt[cur] == -1:
                    break
                else:
                    cur = nxt[cur]
        # mark all nodes in stack as visited
        for node in stack:
            state[node] = 2

But note: When we break because we hit a node with state==2, we may have traversed a path that leads into an already processed component. In that case, we should not assign a new cycle. Also, if we break because nxt[cur]==-1, we just mark visited.

After this, we have identified cycles and assigned ids.

Now, we need to determine for each cycle whether it has an incoming edge from a node not in the cycle.

We can iterate over all nodes c in V (present) that are not in a cycle (in_cycle[c]==False) and have nxt[c] != -1 (since if nxt[c]==-1, they point outside V or to self? Actually if nxt[c]==-1, they either point to a letter not in V, or f[c]==c (self-loop) but self-loop nodes are not in cycle and also not considered? But self-loop nodes have f[c]==c, so they are fixed points. They don't point to anyone. They are not part of any cycle and they don't contribute incoming edges to cycles because they point to themselves, not to cycle. So we can ignore them. So we consider nodes c where present[c] and not in_cycle[c] and nxt[c] != -1 (i.e., they point to another node in V). Then we follow the path from c via nxt until we either reach a node with nxt == -1 or a node in a cycle. Since the graph is functional and we've already processed cycles, following nxt will eventually either hit a cycle or exit V. Because if it never hits a cycle, it would eventually hit a node with nxt==-1 (pointing outside V) or a node that is already visited but not in cycle? But all nodes not in cycle that have nxt != -1 will eventually lead to either a cycle or a node with nxt==-1. Since we have already identified cycles, we can traverse.

For each such c, we can do:

cur = c
while True:
    if nxt[cur] == -1:
        break
    next_node = nxt[cur]
    if in_cycle[next_node]:
        # this cycle gets an incoming edge
        cid = cycle_id[next_node]
        cycle_has_incoming[cid] = True
        break
    else:
        cur = next_node
        # continue, but be careful to avoid infinite loops? Since no cycles outside, path will terminate.
        # However, there could be long chains, but max 26 nodes, so fine.

But we must ensure we don't revisit nodes already processed? It's okay.

We can also optimize by memoization: once we determine that a node leads to a cycle with incoming, we could mark, but not necessary.

After processing all such nodes, we have cycle_has_incoming flags.

Now, source_cycles = number of cycles where cycle_has_incoming is False.

Answer = non_self + source_cycles.

Let's test on some cases.

Case: Pure 2-cycle: V={a,b}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=a. Cycle detection: start from a, stack [a], cur=b, state[b]=0 push b, stack [a,b], next[b]=a, cur=a state[a]==1 -> cycle found. idx=0, cycle id0, nodes a,b in cycle. cycle_has_incoming[0]=False initially. Then process nodes not in cycle: none. So source_cycles=1. non_self=2, answer=3. Good.

Case: 2-cycle with c->b: V={a,b,c}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=a, nxt[c]=b. Cycle detection: start from a, will find cycle a,b. assign id0. Then process node c: not in cycle, nxt[c]=b, b in cycle, so cycle_has_incoming[0]=True. source_cycles=0. non_self=3, answer=3. Good.

Case: Two disjoint cycles: V={a,b,c,d}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=a, nxt[c]=d, nxt[d]=c. Cycle detection: start from a, find cycle id0 (a,b). Then start from c (state[c]==0), find cycle id1 (c,d). cycle_has_incoming both False. Then process nodes not in cycle: none. source_cycles=2, non_self=4, answer=6. Good.

Case: Cycle with tree: a->b, b->c, c->a (cycle), d->b, e->d. V={a,b,c,d,e}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=c, nxt[c]=a, nxt[d]=b, nxt[e]=d. Cycle detection: find cycle a,b,c id0. Then process node d: not in cycle, nxt[d]=b (in cycle) -> cycle_has_incoming[0]=True. Process node e: nxt[e]=d, d not in cycle, follow: d->b (in cycle) -> cycle_has_incoming[0]=True (already). So source_cycles=0. non_self=5? Let's count non_self: a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b, e->d => 5. answer=5. Let's see if we can do in 5 operations. Likely yes.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node itself is part of a different cycle? Not possible.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node not in V, but that node could be used as temporary? That doesn't affect cycle incoming.

Now, consider a case where there is a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is not in V? Not possible.

Now, we must also consider the possibility of a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is in V but that node's f points to a node in the cycle, but that node itself is part of a tree that also includes other nodes that point to it. That's fine.

Now, we need to ensure that our detection of cycles includes only cycles where all nodes have nxt != -1. That's correct.

Now, what about nodes that are in V but have f[c] == c? They are fixed points. They are not part of any cycle. They can have incoming edges from other nodes. Those incoming edges are counted in non_self. They don't affect cycles.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a cycle that includes a node that also has a self-loop? Not possible.

Now, we must also consider the possibility of multiple cycles in the same component? Not possible because each node has out-degree 1, so each component has at most one cycle.

Now, we need to verify with sample4: V={a,b,c}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=c, nxt[c]=a. Cycle detection finds one cycle id0, no other nodes. source_cycles=1. non_self=3, answer=4. Good.

Now, sample1: V={a,b,d,f}. nxt[a]=b, nxt[d]=b, nxt[b]=-1, nxt[f]=-1. No cycles, source_cycles=0, non_self=4, answer=4. Good.

Now, sample2: all self, non_self=0, answer=0.

Now, sample3: inconsistent -> -1.

Now, we should test on the earlier case where we had a cycle and an external node that points to the cycle but the external node's target is not the same as any cycle node's target? But we argued it always shares target with the node that maps to that target. Let's test a case where the external node points to a node in the cycle, but the node that maps to that target is also in the cycle, so they share target. So it's fine.

Now, consider a cycle of length 2: a->b, b->a. External node x->a. Then x and b share target a. So we can merge b and x. That's what we did.

Now, consider a cycle of length 2: a->b, b->a. External node y->b. Then y and a share target b. So we can merge a and y. That's what we did earlier (a->c where c is y). So works.

Thus, the condition for a cycle to have an incoming edge is sufficient to avoid extra operation.

Now, we must also consider if a cycle could have an incoming edge from a node that is itself part of a tree that also includes a node that points to the cycle, but that tree might have multiple nodes. The existence of at least one incoming edge suffices.

Now, what about a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is not directly connected but through a chain? That still counts as incoming because the node at the start of the chain points (through edges) to the cycle. However, does that provide a way to break the cycle without extra operation? Let's think: Suppose we have a cycle a->b, b->a. And we have a chain x->y, y->a. So x points to y, y points to a. The node y points directly to a, so y is an incoming edge to the cycle. So we can use y as the external node to merge with b (since b and y share target a). But what about x? x points to y, not directly to cycle. Could we use x to break the cycle without extra operation? Possibly we could merge x with something? But we have y already, so we have at least one incoming edge. So the cycle has incoming, so no extra needed. So our detection of incoming edges should consider any node that eventually reaches the cycle, not just direct edges. Because if there is a chain, the node at the end of the chain (y) points directly to the cycle, so it is an incoming edge. So we need to mark cycles that have any node outside the cycle that has a path to the cycle. In our method, when we process nodes not in cycle, we follow nxt until we hit a cycle or -1. If we hit a cycle, we mark that cycle as having incoming. This will capture chains as well, because the node at the start of the chain will eventually lead to the cycle, and we will mark the cycle when we reach it. However, we must be careful: If we process node x, we follow x->y->a. When we reach a (in cycle), we mark cycle_has_incoming. So yes.

But what if the chain leads to a node that is not in cycle but eventually to -1? Then no incoming.

Thus, our method works.

Now, we need to ensure that we don't double-mark cycles multiple times, but that's fine.

Now, we must also consider that there might be nodes that are not in cycle but have nxt = -1 (point outside V). They don't lead to cycles.

Now, we also need to consider that there might be nodes that are in V but have f[c] not in V, so nxt[c] = -1. They are leaves. They don't affect cycles.

Now, we should test a more complex case with multiple cycles and trees.

Example: V includes two cycles, and one cycle has an incoming tree, the other does not. Then source_cycles = 1 (the one without incoming). Answer = non_self + 1.

Let's construct: Cycle1: a<->b. Cycle2: c<->d. Additionally, e->a (incoming to cycle1). So V={a,b,c,d,e}. nxt: a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c, e->a. non_self edges: a->b, b->a, c->d, d->c, e->a =5. Cycle1 has incoming (e), cycle2 no incoming. source_cycles=1. answer=6. Can we achieve in 6? Likely yes: For cycle1, we can use e to break without extra (so edges for cycle1 (2) + e->a (1) =3 ops? Actually total edges=5, plus maybe extra for cycle2? Let's try to design: For cycle2 (c<->d), it's a source cycle, needs extra. So total ops = edges (5) + 1 =6. For cycle1, we can do in 3 ops as earlier (since it has incoming). So total 3 (cycle1+e) + 3 (cycle2) =6. Good.

Now, what if a cycle has an incoming edge from a node that is part of another cycle? Not possible.

Thus, algorithm stands.

Now, we must also consider the possibility of a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is in V but that node's f points to a node in the cycle, but that node itself is part of a tree that also includes nodes that point to it. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node also has f pointing to itself? That would be a fixed point pointing to the cycle? But if a node points to itself, it's a self-loop, not pointing to cycle. So not.

Now, we should also consider the case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node is also part of the cycle? No.

Now, we need to implement carefully.

Edge Cases:

- N=0? Not possible, N>=1.

- Letters not in S but in T? They don't affect mapping.

- Letters in S that map to themselves: they are fixed points, no operation needed.

- Letters in S that map to a letter not in S: they are leaves, need one operation each (non_self count). They don't affect cycles.

Now, we should test on a case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node's target is the same as the cycle node it points to? That would mean the node's target is that cycle node, and the cycle node's target is something else. So they don't share target. But as argued, there exists another node in the cycle that shares target with the incoming node. Let's verify with a concrete example: Cycle: a->b, b->c, c->a. Incoming node x->b. Then x's target is b. Which node in the cycle has target b? That's a (since a->b). So x and a share target b. So we can merge a and x. That's what we did in the 3-cycle example. So it works.

Now, what if the incoming node points to a node in the cycle, but the node that maps to that target is also the same node? That would mean the cycle node points to itself? Not in a cycle of length>1.

Thus, always there is a node in the cycle that shares target with the incoming node.

Now, we should also consider if there could be a cycle where the incoming node points to a node in the cycle, but the node that shares target with the incoming node is the same as the incoming node's target? That would require that the target node's target equals itself, i.e., self-loop, not a cycle. So not.

Thus, the method is sound.

Now, we need to implement the cycle detection and incoming marking.

Implementation details in Python:

We'll use lists of length 26.

Pseudo-code:

def solve():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input().strip())
    S = input().strip()
    T = input().strip()
    f = [-1]*26
    present = [False]*26
    for i in range(N):
        s = ord(S[i]) - 97
        t = ord(T[i]) - 97
        present[s] = True
        if f[s] == -1:
            f[s] = t
        elif f[s] != t:
            print(-1)
            return
    # Count non-self edges
    non_self = 0
    for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and f[c] != c:
            non_self += 1
    # Build nxt for nodes in V that point to another in V and not self
    nxt = [-1]*26
    for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and f[c] != c:
            t = f[c]
            if present[t]:
                nxt[c] = t
    # Detect cycles and assign ids
    state = [0]*26  # 0 unvisited, 1 visiting, 2 visited
    in_cycle = [False]*26
    cycle_id = [-1]*26
    cycle_has_incoming = []  # list of bool
    for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and nxt[c] != -1 and state[c] == 0:
            stack = []
            cur = c
            while True:
                if state[cur] == 1:
                    # found cycle
                    idx = stack.index(cur)
                    cid = len(cycle_has_incoming)
                    cycle_has_incoming.append(False)
                    for node in stack[idx:]:
                        in_cycle[node] = True
                        cycle_id[node] = cid
                    break
                elif state[cur] == 2:
                    break
                else:
                    state[cur] = 1
                    stack.append(cur)
                    if nxt[cur] == -1:
                        break
                    else:
                        cur = nxt[cur]
            # mark all nodes in stack as visited
            for node in stack:
                state[node] = 2
    # Now mark incoming for cycles
    for c in range(26):
        if present[c] and not in_cycle[c] and nxt[c] != -1:
            # follow path
            cur = c
            while True:
                nxt_node = nxt[cur]
                if nxt_node == -1:
                    break
                if in_cycle[nxt_node]:
                    cid = cycle_id[nxt_node]
                    cycle_has_incoming[cid] = True
                    break
                else:
                    cur = nxt_node
                    # continue; but to avoid infinite loops, we can also break if we revisit? Since no cycles outside, path will eventually hit -1 or cycle.
                    # However, we might revisit a node if there is a cycle outside, but we've already identified all cycles, so any cycle would have been detected and nodes in_cycle. So remaining nodes form DAGs ending in -1 or cycle. So safe.
    source_cycles = sum(1 for has in cycle_has_incoming if not has)
    ans = non_self + source_cycles
    print(ans)

But we must be careful: In the cycle detection, we only traversed nodes with nxt[c] != -1 and state[c]==0. However, there might be nodes that are part of a cycle but have nxt[c] != -1, but we might not start from them if they are visited earlier as part of another traversal? That's fine.

But what about nodes that are in a cycle but also have nxt[c] != -1, they will be visited when we start from some node in the cycle (since state initially 0). So they will be discovered.

Now, after cycle detection, we have state for all nodes that were traversed set to 2. But there might be nodes that are present and have nxt[c] != -1 but were not visited because they are part of a tree that leads into a cycle, and we started from the root? Actually, in our loop, we iterate over all c with present[c] and nxt[c]!=-1 and state[c]==0. For a tree that leads into a cycle, the root (the node with no incoming from others) might be visited when we start from it. But if we start from a node that is in the middle of the tree, we might traverse up to the cycle and then mark all nodes in that path as visited. So eventually all nodes in the tree will be visited because we iterate over all c. So state will be set for all nodes that are reachable via nxt from some starting point. However, there might be nodes that are not reachable from any starting point? Since we iterate over all c, we will start from each unvisited node. So all nodes with nxt!=-1 will be visited.

But what about nodes that have nxt[c] == -1? They are not traversed in the cycle detection loop (since condition nxt[c]!=-1). They remain state 0. That's fine.

Now, for marking incoming, we iterate over nodes not in cycle and with nxt[c] != -1. For such nodes, we follow nxt until we hit a cycle or -1. This will work even if the node is part of a tree that we haven't traversed in cycle detection? But we have already visited them in cycle detection? Actually, in cycle detection, we only traversed nodes with nxt!=-1 and state==0. For a tree node, when we started from it, we would have traversed it and marked state=2. So after cycle detection, all nodes with nxt!=-1 have state=2. So they are visited. That's fine; we can still use them to mark incoming.

But we must ensure that when we follow nxt from a node not in cycle, we don't get stuck in an infinite loop if there is a cycle outside (impossible) or if we revisit nodes. Since all nodes not in cycle are in trees, following nxt will eventually reach a node with nxt==-1 or a cycle. However, there could be a node that points to another node that is also not in cycle, and that chain could be long. But since there are no cycles among non-cycle nodes, following nxt will eventually terminate. We can just loop while True, but we should also guard against revisiting the same node (which would indicate a cycle, but that would have been detected as a cycle, so shouldn't happen). To be safe, we can keep a visited set for this traversal, but with max 26 nodes, we can just loop and break if we see a node we've already seen in this particular traversal (indicating a cycle, which would be an error). But we can trust the graph.

Alternatively, we can precompute for each node the cycle it eventually reaches (or -1) using DP/memoization. But given small size, simple loop is fine.

Now, we must also consider that a node not in cycle might have nxt[c] == -1, meaning it points outside V. Then it doesn't lead to a cycle, so we skip.

Now, after marking incoming, we compute source_cycles.

Now, answer = non_self + source_cycles.

Let's test on some more cases.

Case: S="ab", T="ba". We already did: non_self=2, cycle (a<->b) no incoming, source_cycles=1, answer=3. Good.

Case: S="abc", T="bca". non_self=3, cycle (a,b,c) no incoming, source_cycles=1, answer=4. Good.

Case: S="abcd", T="bcda". non_self=4, cycle length4 no incoming, source_cycles=1, answer=5. Good.

Case: S="abc", T="bac". Let's compute: S=abc, T=bac. Mapping: a->b, b->a, c->c. So V={a,b,c}. f[a]=b, f[b]=a, f[c]=c. nxt[a]=b, nxt[b]=a, nxt[c] = -1 (since f[c]=c, self-loop). Cycle a,b. Node c is not in cycle, but nxt[c] = -1, so it doesn't point to cycle. So cycle has no incoming? Actually c does not point to cycle; it's fixed point. So cycle has no incoming from other nodes. So source_cycles=1. non_self=2 (a->b, b->a). answer=3. Can we do in 3? Let's try: We have a,b,c. Need a->b, b->a, c->c. Sequence: use c as temporary? But c is fixed and points to itself, so merging with c would be problematic because c must stay c. Could we use c as temporary? If we change a to c, then a becomes c, merging with c. Then c group contains a and c. But c must stay c, and a must become b. If we later change c to b, that would turn both a and c to b, messing up c. So not good. Could we use another temporary? We need an extra operation. So 3 seems correct. Let's try to find a 3-operation sequence: 
1. Change a to t (new). 
2. Change b to a. 
3. Change t to b. 
That's 3, works. So answer 3.

Now, if we had an extra node d that points to a, then cycle would have incoming, answer would be edges count (3) =3? Let's test: S="abcd", T="badc"? Actually mapping: a->b, b->a, c->c, d->a. So non_self=3 (a->b, b->a, d->a). Cycle a,b has incoming from d. source_cycles=0, answer=3. Can we do in 3? Try: 
1. Change b to d? b and d share target a? b's target is a, d's target is a, so merge b and d. Step1: replace b with d. Now groups: a, d (b,d), c.
2. Change a to b? a's target is b, b is free? After step1, b is gone (b became d), so b free. Step2: replace a with b. Groups: b (a), d, c.
3. Change d to a. d becomes a. Groups: b, a (b,d), c. Final: a (b,d), b (a), c. That's correct. So 3 operations. Good.

Now, consider a case with a cycle and a fixed point that does not point to the cycle. That fixed point doesn't provide incoming edge. So source_cycles remains 1.

Now, consider a case with a cycle and a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node is also part of a tree that includes other nodes. Already covered.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a cycle that has an incoming edge from a node that is not in V? Not possible.

Now, we must also consider the scenario where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node's target is the same as the cycle node it points to? That would mean the node's target equals the cycle node, and the cycle node's target is something else. Then the node and the cycle node do not share target. But as argued, there is another node in the cycle that shares target with the incoming node. So we can use that other node. So still incoming suffices.

Thus, our algorithm seems correct.

Now, we need to ensure that we correctly count non_self edges. That includes edges where f[c] != c, regardless of whether f[c] is in V or not.

Now, we must also consider that some nodes may have f[c] != c but f[c] not in V, and they might be used as temporary for cycles? They are not in V, so they are not present initially, but we could introduce them as temporary. However, that would be an extra operation. But if a cycle has no incoming from V, we need an extra operation anyway. Could we use a node that is not in V as a temporary without counting it as an extra operation? No, because we still need to perform the operation to change a cycle node to that temporary. That operation is extra beyond the edge count. So it's accounted by source_cycles.

Now, what about a cycle that has no incoming from V, but there exists a node in V that points to a node not in V, and that node not in V could be used as temporary? Still extra.

Thus, source_cycles count is correct.

Now, we should also verify that our cycle detection correctly identifies cycles even if some nodes in the cycle have f[c] not in V? That can't happen because if c is in a cycle, f[c] must be in V (since cycle is within V). So fine.

Now, we need to test on a case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node is also part of a cycle? Not possible.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a self-loop (f[c]=c) that is part of a cycle? No.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a node that is not in V but appears in T, and we might use it as a temporary to break a cycle without an extra operation? That would still require an operation to change a cycle node to that letter, which is an extra operation. So source_cycles still needed.

Thus, final answer formula stands.

Now, we need to implement carefully.

Potential pitfalls:

- When building nxt, we set nxt[c] = f[c] only if present[f[c]] and f[c] != c. But what about the case where f[c] == c? We skip. That's correct.

- In cycle detection, we only consider nodes with nxt[c] != -1. That's fine.

- However, there might be nodes that are part of a cycle but have nxt[c] != -1, but we might not start from them if they are already visited from another start. That's fine.

- When we find a cycle, we assign cycle_id to nodes in the cycle. But we also need to ensure that nodes that are in the cycle but were visited earlier as part of a different traversal? Not possible because cycles are disjoint.

- After cycle detection, we mark incoming. For nodes not in cycle with nxt[c] != -1, we follow nxt. But we must be careful that we don't follow into a node that is not in cycle but leads to a cycle; that's fine. However, we might encounter a node that we have already processed in this while loop? Could cause infinite loop if there is a cycle among non-cycle nodes, but that would have been detected as a cycle, so not possible. So safe.

- We should also consider that a node not in cycle might have nxt[c] pointing to another node not in cycle, and that chain might be long. Following until we hit a cycle or -1 is fine.

- We must also consider that a node not in cycle might have nxt[c] pointing to a node that is in cycle, but that node might have been visited already. That's fine.

Now, we should test on a more complex random case by mental simulation or maybe write a small script, but we trust.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of multiple edges from the same node? No.

Now, we need to ensure that we correctly handle the case where there are no cycles (source_cycles=0). Then answer = non_self.

Now, we should also consider the case where there is a cycle but it has an incoming edge from a node that is not in V? Not possible.

Now, we should also consider the case where the mapping f is such that some node maps to a letter that is in V but that letter maps to itself (fixed). That node is not in a cycle; it's a tree node pointing to a fixed point. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node itself is part of a different cycle? Not possible.

Now, we should also consider the case where there is a cycle and also a node that points to a node in the cycle, but that node's target is the same as the cycle node it points to, and the cycle node's target is also itself? That would be a self-loop, not a cycle.

Thus, implementation seems solid.

Now, let's test on the earlier tricky case that prompted the revision: a->b, b->a, c->b. We got answer 3. Our algorithm: non_self=3, cycle a,b has incoming from c (since c not in cycle, nxt[c]=b, b in cycle), so cycle_has_incoming=True, source_cycles=0, answer=3. Good.

Now, test on a->b, b->a, d->a. Similar.

Now, test on a->b, b->c, c->a, d->b. non_self=4, cycle a,b,c has incoming from d, source_cycles=0, answer=4. Good.

Now, test on a->b, b->c, c->->->
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
