=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
All KEYENCE product names consist of two uppercase English letters.
They have already used N product names, the i-th of which (1\leq i\leq N) is S_i.
Once a product name is used, it cannot be reused, so they decided to create an NG (Not Good) list to quickly identify previously used product names.
The NG list must satisfy the following conditions.

- It consists of one or more strings, each consisting of uppercase English letters.
- For each already used product name, there exists at least one string in the list that contains the name as a (contiguous) substring.
- None of the strings in the list contain any length-2 (contiguous) substring that is not an already used product name.

Find the minimum possible number of strings in the NG list.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
S_1
S_2
\vdots
S_N

Output

Print the minimum possible number of strings in the NG list.

Constraints


- 1\leq N\leq 26^2
- N is an integer.
- Each S_i is a string of length 2 consisting of uppercase English letters.
- All S_1,S_2,\ldots,S_N are distinct.

Sample Input 1

7
AB
BC
CA
CD
DE
DF
XX

Sample Output 1

3

One NG list satisfying the conditions is the one consisting of the following three strings:

- CABCDE
- DF
- XX

This has three strings, and there is no NG list satisfying the conditions with 2 or fewer strings, so print 3.

Sample Input 2

5
AC
BC
CD
DE
DF

Sample Output 2

2

One NG list satisfying the conditions is the one consisting of the following two strings:

- ACDE
- BCDF

Note that each used product name may appear in multiple strings in the NG list or multiple times within the same string.

Sample Input 3

6
AB
AC
CB
AD
DB
BA

Sample Output 3

1

For example, an NG list consisting only of ABACBADB satisfies the conditions.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to understand the problem.

We have N distinct length-2 strings (product names) over uppercase English letters (26 letters). We need to construct a list of strings (each consisting of uppercase English letters) such that:

1. The list contains one or more strings.
2. For each used product name (each S_i), there exists at least one string in the list that contains S_i as a contiguous substring.
3. None of the strings in the list contain any length-2 substring that is NOT an already used product name. That is, for any two consecutive characters in any string in the list, the resulting length-2 substring must be one of the S_i's (i.e., must be in the set of used names).

We want to minimize the number of strings in the list.

Interpretation: We have a set of allowed 2-letter strings (the product names). We need to cover all these allowed strings as substrings of some strings that we construct, where each constructed string is such that every adjacent pair of characters in it forms an allowed string (i.e., the string is a walk in a directed graph where vertices are letters, and an edge from letter X to letter Y exists iff the 2-letter string XY is in the set). The constructed strings can be of any length (≥2 presumably, but could be length 1? However condition: strings consist of uppercase English letters; they could be length 1? But then they contain no length-2 substring, so condition 3 is vacuously true? However condition 2 requires that each product name appears as a substring. A length-1 string cannot contain a length-2 substring. So length-1 strings are useless. So strings must be at least length 2 to contain a product name. But they could be longer. Also note that product names are exactly length 2, so we need to cover each edge in a directed graph (with 26 vertices) as a substring of some walk (string). The walks we construct are sequences of vertices such that each consecutive edge is allowed. The list can contain multiple walks. We want to minimize the number of walks needed such that every allowed edge appears as an edge in at least one walk.

But there is a nuance: The condition says "For each already used product name, there exists at least one string in the list that contains the name as a (contiguous) substring." That means the product name (length-2) must appear as a substring somewhere in one of the strings. Since our strings are built from allowed edges only, any length-2 substring in a string is exactly an edge in the walk. So covering each allowed edge as an edge in some walk is equivalent to covering each product name as a substring. However, there is also the possibility that a product name could appear as a substring that is not exactly an edge? Wait, if a string is a sequence of letters, its length-2 substrings are exactly the consecutive pairs. So yes, each length-2 substring corresponds to an edge. So covering each product name means each allowed edge must appear as an edge in at least one walk.

But also note: The condition "None of the strings in the list contain any length-2 substring that is not an already used product name." means that we cannot have any edge that is not allowed. So the walks must only use allowed edges.

Thus the problem reduces to: Given a directed graph G on 26 vertices (letters), with edges corresponding to the given product names (each is a directed edge from first letter to second letter). We need to find the minimum number of walks (paths, not necessarily simple, can repeat vertices/edges) that cover all edges, i.e., each edge must be traversed at least once in some walk. The walks can be of any length, and we can have multiple walks. The walks are not required to be Eulerian trails? Actually, we are allowed to start and end anywhere, and we can reuse edges across walks? But each edge must appear at least once in at least one walk. We want to minimize the number of walks.

But is there any additional constraint? The strings are just sequences of letters, they can be arbitrarily long. They can include multiple occurrences of the same product name, that's fine. Also, a product name may appear in multiple strings or multiple times within the same string. So we just need to cover all edges.

Thus the problem is: Given a directed graph (possibly with multiple edges? But product names are distinct, so at most one edge from a given source to a given target, but could have both directions? Yes, AB and BA are different edges). We need to cover all edges with a set of trails (walks) such that each trail is a directed walk that only uses edges from the graph. We want to minimize the number of trails.

This is reminiscent of the problem of decomposing a directed graph into the minimum number of trails that cover all edges. This is related to the concept of Eulerian trails: If the graph is Eulerian (balanced and strongly connected? Actually for directed graphs, Eulerian circuit exists if the graph is strongly connected (or at least all edges in one weakly connected component) and each vertex's indegree equals outdegree. If the graph is Eulerian, then we can cover all edges with a single closed trail (circuit). If not, we can cover with a number of trails equal to something like max(1, sum over vertices of max(0, outdeg - indeg) )? Actually, for covering all edges with the minimum number of trails (allowing trails to be open, i.e., start and end vertices), there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (each edge exactly once? Wait, we need to cover each edge at least once, but we can traverse edges multiple times across trails? However, if we allow traversing edges multiple times, we could potentially use fewer trails? But we want to cover each edge at least once; we are allowed to traverse edges more than once, but that would be wasteful and could potentially reduce number of trails? Actually, if we allow reusing edges, we could combine trails by adding extra traversals, but that doesn't help reduce the number of trails because we could just merge trails by connecting them via extra edges. But we are constrained that we can only use allowed edges; we can traverse an edge multiple times. So if we have two trails, we might be able to connect them by adding a path from the end of one to the start of another, but that would require extra edges (which may not exist) and also would increase the total length but could reduce number of trails. However, the goal is to minimize the number of trails, not the total length. So we are allowed to add extra traversals of edges to connect trails. So essentially, we can create a single walk that covers all edges by possibly repeating edges, as long as we cover each edge at least once. The question: What is the minimum number of walks needed such that each edge appears at least once? This is similar to the problem of finding the minimum number of walks that cover all edges, where walks can share edges and can start/end anywhere.

But note: If we allow repeating edges, we could potentially cover all edges with a single walk if the graph is strongly connected (or at least there is a path from any vertex to any other). Because we could start at some vertex, traverse edges, and whenever we need to get to another component of unused edges, we could travel via existing edges (which we might have already used or not) to reach that component. However, we must ensure that we only use allowed edges. So if the graph is weakly connected? Actually, if the graph is not weakly connected (i.e., there are separate components with no paths between them), then we cannot have a single walk covering edges from both components because there is no way to move from one component to the other using allowed edges. So we would need at least one walk per weakly connected component. But what about within a weakly connected component? Can we always cover all edges with a single walk if we allow repeating edges? Let's think.

Suppose we have a directed graph that is weakly connected but not strongly connected. For example, a simple DAG: edges A->B, B->C. This graph is weakly connected. Can we cover both edges with a single walk? Starting at A, go A->B (covers AB), then B->C (covers BC). That's a single walk A->B->C covering both edges. So yes, that works. More complex: A->B, C->D. This graph is not weakly connected because there is no path between {A,B} and {C,D}. So two components, need at least two walks.

But consider a graph that is weakly connected but has some vertices with indegree != outdegree. For a single walk that covers all edges exactly once (an Eulerian trail), we need at most one vertex with outdeg - indeg = 1 (start), one with indeg - outdeg = 1 (end), and all others balanced. If the graph is not balanced, we cannot have an Eulerian trail that uses each edge exactly once. However, we are allowed to repeat edges. So we could create a walk that repeats some edges to balance the trail. For example, consider graph: A->B, A->C. Two edges from A, no incoming to A? Suppose indeg(A)=0, outdeg(A)=2; indeg(B)=1, outdeg(B)=0; indeg(C)=1, outdeg(C)=0. This graph is weakly connected? It has A, B, C. Can we cover both edges with a single walk? Starting at A, we can go A->B. Then we are at B, but we need to cover A->C. There's no edge from B to anywhere else. So we cannot reach C from B. But we could start at A, go A->C, then we are at C, can't go to B. So we cannot cover both edges in a single walk without revisiting A. But we could revisit A? To revisit A, we would need an incoming edge to A. There is none. So we cannot return to A. Thus we cannot cover both edges in one walk. However, we could cover them with two walks: one A->B, one A->C. So minimum number of walks is 2. But could we do a single walk by repeating edges? We have no way to get from B back to A, so we cannot include both edges in one walk because after taking one edge we are stuck. So indeed, we need at least as many walks as the number of "sources" that cannot be reached from other parts? More formally, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (allowing repetitions) in a directed graph is equal to the minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges such that each edge is traversed at least once. This is known as the "minimum path cover" problem for edges? Actually, there is a concept of "minimum number of trails to cover all edges" in a directed graph, where trails can share vertices and edges, but we want to cover each edge at least once. This is equivalent to finding the minimum number of Eulerian trails after adding extra edges? Wait, there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails (not necessarily disjoint) needed to cover all edges (each edge at least once) is equal to the sum over vertices of max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)), except for the case where the graph is empty? Let's test with the example A->B, A->C. Compute outdeg(A)=2, indeg(A)=0 => diff = 2. For B: outdeg=0, indeg=1 => diff = -1 => max(0, -1)=0. C: outdeg=0, indeg=1 => diff = -1 => 0. Sum = 2. That matches the minimum number of trails (2). For the balanced case, sum of max(0, outdeg-indeg) = 0, but we still need at least 1 trail if there are edges. So we need to take max(1, sum of positive differences). Actually, for Eulerian circuit, sum of positive differences = 0, but we can cover with 1 trail (closed). So the formula might be: minimum number of trails = max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)))? But check a graph with a single edge A->B: outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(B)=0, indeg(B)=1 => diff=-1 => sum of positive diffs =1. Then max(1,1)=1. That's correct (one trail). For graph with two edges A->B, B->C: outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(B)=1, indeg(B)=1 => diff=0; outdeg(C)=0, indeg(C)=1 => diff=-1 => sum positive =1 => max(1,1)=1, which is correct (one trail). For graph with edges A->B, C->D: two components. Compute outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(B)=0, indeg(B)=1 => diff=-1; outdeg(C)=1, indeg(C)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(D)=0, indeg(D)=1 => diff=-1; sum positive =2 => max(1,2)=2, correct. For graph with edges A->B, B->A: both vertices have indeg=1, outdeg=1 => sum positive =0 => max(1,0)=1, correct (one trail, e.g., A->B->A). So far so good.

But is this always sufficient? Let's test more complex: Suppose we have a graph that is strongly connected but unbalanced? Actually, strongly connected implies that for every vertex, there is a path from any vertex to any other. However, indegree/outdegree differences can exist. For example, consider a graph with vertices A, B, C and edges: A->B, B->C, C->A, and also A->C. So edges: AB, BC, CA, AC. Compute degrees: A: out: AB, AC => 2; in: CA =>1 => diff=1. B: out: BC =>1; in: AB =>1 => diff=0. C: out: CA =>1; in: BC, AC =>2 => diff=-1. Sum positive =1. According to formula, min trails = max(1,1)=1. Can we cover all edges with a single walk? Let's try: start at A (since outdeg>indeg). Walk: A->B (cover AB), B->C (cover BC), C->A (cover CA), then we still need AC. From A, we can go A->C (cover AC). That's a walk A->B->C->A->C. It covers all edges. Yes, it's a single trail. So works.

What about a graph that is weakly connected but not strongly connected, but with some vertices having outdeg > indeg? For example, edges: A->B, B->C, C->B. So edges: AB, BC, CB. Degrees: A: out1, in0 => diff=1. B: out1 (BC), in2 (AB, CB) => diff=-1. C: out1 (CB), in1 (BC) => diff=0. Sum positive =1 => max(1,1)=1. Can we cover all edges with one walk? Start at A (since outdeg>indeg). Walk: A->B (cover AB). At B, we have two outgoing? Actually outdeg(B)=1 (BC). But we also need to cover CB. We could go B->C (cover BC). At C, we have outdeg(C)=1 (CB). So go C->B (cover CB). Now we have covered all edges. That's a single trail A->B->C->B. Works. So even though graph is not strongly connected (there is no path from B to A? Actually from B you can go to C then to B, but not to A; from C you can go to B, not to A; from A you can go to B. So A is a source, but we can start at A and end at B (since B has indeg>outdeg). That's okay.

What about a graph that is weakly connected but has a "dead end" that cannot be reached from the rest? Actually, if it's weakly connected, there is an undirected path. But directed connectivity may be such that some vertices are only reachable from others but not vice versa. That's fine; we can start at a source and end at a sink. The formula seems to hold.

But is there any case where the minimum number of trails is greater than the sum of positive differences? Consider a graph with multiple sources and sinks but they might be connected in a way that you can combine trails by using extra edges to go from a sink to a source. However, if there is a path from a sink (vertex with indeg>outdeg) to a source (vertex with outdeg>indeg), then you could potentially connect trails. But the sum of positive differences counts the number of "excess" outdegrees that need to be matched by starting trails. In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (allowing repetitions) is indeed equal to the sum over vertices of max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)), unless the graph has no edges, in which case it's 0? But we have at least one edge. However, there is a nuance: The trails we construct must be such that each edge is covered at least once. If we allow repeating edges, we can always construct a set of trails equal to the sum of positive differences by connecting them appropriately? Actually, there is a known theorem: In a directed graph, the minimum number of edge-disjoint trails needed to cover all edges (each edge exactly once) is max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))). But that's for edge-disjoint trails covering each edge exactly once (i.e., an Eulerian trail decomposition). However, we are not requiring edge-disjointness; we can reuse edges. But if we allow reuse, we might be able to use fewer trails than that? Let's test with a graph where sum of positive differences > 1. Could we cover all edges with fewer trails by reusing edges? For example, consider a graph with two sources and two sinks that are not connected in a way that allows a single trail to cover all edges without reuse? But we can reuse edges to travel from one part to another. However, the issue is that if there is no directed path from a sink to a source, you cannot connect them. But if there is a path, you could connect them, but then you would need to traverse extra edges (which might already be covered or not) to go from the end of one trail to the start of another. That would effectively merge two trails into one, reducing the count by 1. So the minimal number of trails would be the number of "weakly connected components" after accounting for the ability to connect via paths? Actually, the classic result for covering all edges with trails (not necessarily edge-disjoint) is that the minimum number of trails needed such that each edge is traversed at least once is equal to the number of vertices with outdeg > indeg, but only if the graph is strongly connected? No, that's not correct.

Let's think systematically. We have a directed graph G (possibly with multiple weakly connected components). We want to find the minimum number of walks (directed walks) such that every edge is traversed at least once. Walks can start and end anywhere, can repeat vertices and edges arbitrarily. This is essentially the problem of finding the minimum number of "Eulerian trails" if we are allowed to add extra edges (traversals) to make the graph Eulerian. Since we can repeat edges, we can add extra traversals of existing edges to balance the graph and connect trails. The question reduces to: What is the minimum number of trails needed if we are allowed to add extra traversals of edges (i.e., we can traverse edges multiple times) to connect trails? But adding extra traversals doesn't change the fact that we need to cover each original edge at least once. The extra traversals are just to facilitate connectivity between trails. So we can think of constructing a walk that covers all edges by possibly traversing some edges more than once. This is equivalent to finding a walk that is an Eulerian trail in the multigraph where we duplicate some edges to make the graph Eulerian. The minimal number of trails needed would be the minimal number of "Eulerian trails" after adding the minimal number of extra edge traversals to make the graph Eulerian? Actually, if we can add extra traversals, we could potentially make the graph Eulerian by adding extra copies of edges (i.e., traversing them extra times). Then a single Eulerian trail would cover all edges (including the extra traversals). However, we only need to cover the original edges at least once; the extra traversals are just for connectivity and balancing. So the minimal number of trails is the minimal number of walks such that if we consider the multiset of traversals, the graph becomes balanced and connected? But we are allowed to have multiple walks; we don't have to combine them into one. So we want to minimize the number of walks, not the total traversals.

Consider we have a graph that is not weakly connected. Then we cannot have a single walk covering edges from different components because there is no path between components. So we need at least one walk per weakly connected component that contains edges. So the number of walks is at least the number of weakly connected components that have at least one edge.

Now within a weakly connected component, can we always cover all edges with a single walk by adding extra traversals? Not necessarily, because the directed structure may prevent a single walk from covering all edges without getting stuck. But we can always add extra traversals to "return" to a vertex to continue. However, if the graph is weakly connected but not strongly connected, there may be vertices that are unreachable from others in the directed sense. For a walk to cover all edges, we need to be able to traverse from the end of one part to the start of another. If there is a vertex that is a source (no incoming edges) and also a sink (no outgoing edges) but they are in the same weakly connected component, we might still be able to start at a source and end at a sink, covering all edges. But if there are multiple sources, we might need to start at each source? Let's analyze.

Suppose we have a weakly connected directed graph. We want to know if there exists a walk that traverses each edge at least once. This is equivalent to asking if the graph is "traversable" by a walk that may repeat edges. This is always possible? Consider a graph with two sources: A and B, both with outdeg>0 but indeg=0, and no edges from any vertex to A or B. For example, edges: A->C, B->D, and also C->D, D->C maybe? Let's construct: A->C, B->D, C->D, D->C. So vertices: A (out1, in0), B (out1, in0), C (out1 to D, in1 from A and D? Actually C has incoming from A and D? D->C gives indeg from D, so indeg(C)=2 (A, D), outdeg(C)=1 (to D). D: outdeg(D)=1 (to C), indeg(D)=2 (B, C). This graph is weakly connected (since A-C-D-B). Can we cover all edges with a single walk? Start at A (source). Walk: A->C (cover AC). At C, we have outgoing C->D (cover CD). At D, we have outgoing D->C (cover DC). At C again, we have already used AC and CD, but we still need B->D. However, from C we cannot go to B because there is no edge. From D we cannot go to B. We are stuck at C or D. To cover B->D, we need to be at B at some point. But we cannot reach B from A because there is no path from A to B? Actually, is there a path from A to B? A->C->D->? D->C, no edge to B. So there is no directed path from A to B. So we cannot include B->D in the same walk starting from A. Could we start at B instead? Then we could cover B->D, then D->C, C->D, etc., but then we cannot cover A->C because no path from B to A. So we cannot cover both source edges in one walk because the graph is not strongly connected: there is no path from the component containing A to the component containing B? Actually, the graph is weakly connected but not strongly: there is no directed path from A to B, nor from B to A. So the directed graph has two strongly connected components? Let's find SCCs: {A} is a SCC (no incoming from others? Actually, A has no incoming edges, but can we go from A to C? Yes, A->C, but from C we can go to D and back to C, but cannot go back to A. So A is a source SCC. B is also a source SCC? B->D, D->C, C->D, but cannot go back to B. So B is also a source SCC. C and D are in a SCC? C->D, D->C, so {C,D} is a SCC. So the condensation DAG has two source SCCs (A and B) and one sink SCC (C,D). In such a graph, to traverse all edges, we would need to start in each source SCC because you cannot enter a source SCC from elsewhere. So you would need at least as many walks as the number of source SCCs? But also you might need to end in sink SCCs. However, you could combine walks if you can go from one source SCC to another, but you can't because there is no edge from one source to another. So indeed, you need at least one walk per source SCC. But can a single walk cover edges from two source SCCs? Only if there is a path from one source SCC to the other, but that would contradict it being a source SCC (since source SCC has no incoming edges from other SCCs). So no. So the minimum number of walks is at least the number of source SCCs (i.e., SCCs with indegree 0 in the condensation). Similarly, you might also need to consider sink SCCs? But a walk can end in a sink SCC; that's fine. However, if there are multiple sink SCCs, you might need multiple walks if you cannot exit them to cover other edges, but you can start elsewhere and end in a sink. But if you have multiple source SCCs, you need at least that many walks because each source SCC must be the start of some walk (since you cannot enter it). But could a single walk start in one source SCC, cover its edges, then somehow go to another source SCC? That would require a directed path from the first source SCC to the second source SCC, which would give the second source SCC an incoming edge from another SCC, contradicting it being a source (indegree 0). So impossible. So each source SCC requires at least one walk that starts within it. However, a walk could start in a source SCC and then later also cover edges from another source SCC if there is a path from the first to the second? That would make the second not a source. So no. So the number of walks must be at least the number of source SCCs.

But is that sufficient? Could we cover all edges within a source SCC and then move to other SCCs and eventually cover all edges with exactly that many walks? Possibly, if we design one walk per source SCC that traverses all edges in that SCC and then proceeds to other SCCs that are reachable, covering their edges as well. But if there are multiple source SCCs, they are not reachable from each other, so each walk can only cover edges in the source SCC and SCCs reachable from it. However, if the condensation is a DAG, the reachable sets from different source SCCs may overlap? They could both reach the same SCC (e.g., both source SCCs have edges to a common SCC). Then edges in that common SCC could be covered by either walk. But we need to cover all edges. If both walks cover the same SCC, that's fine as long as all edges are covered at least once. But we might be able to cover all edges with fewer walks than the number of source SCCs if some source SCC's edges are covered by a walk starting in another source SCC? But that would require entering the source SCC, which is impossible because it has no incoming edges. So edges in a source SCC cannot be covered by a walk that starts elsewhere, because to cover an edge inside that SCC, you need to be at its starting vertex at some point. To be at that vertex, you must either start there or arrive via an incoming edge. Since there are no incoming edges to the SCC from outside, you cannot arrive from outside. However, you could start inside the SCC, cover its edges, and then leave. So each source SCC must have at least one walk that starts within it. So the number of walks is at least the number of source SCCs.

But is there any scenario where we need more walks than the number of source SCCs? Consider a sink SCC that has no outgoing edges, and suppose there are multiple sink SCCs. A walk that starts in a source SCC can end in any sink SCC. But if there are multiple sink SCCs, could a single walk cover edges in multiple sink SCCs? To go from one sink SCC to another, you would need an outgoing edge from the first sink SCC to the second, but that would contradict it being a sink (outdegree 0 in condensation). So a walk cannot leave a sink SCC. Therefore, after entering a sink SCC, you cannot go to another sink SCC. So if there are multiple sink SCCs, you might need multiple walks to cover edges in each, unless you can cover all edges in a sink SCC before leaving it? But you can't leave it, so you would have to end there. So if you have one walk that starts in a source SCC and goes through some SCCs, it will eventually end in some sink SCC. It can cover edges in all SCCs along the way, including possibly multiple sink SCCs? No, because once you enter a sink SCC, you cannot leave, so you cannot then go to another sink SCC. So a single walk can cover at most one sink SCC (the one it ends in). However, edges in other sink SCCs would not be covered. So you would need additional walks to cover those sink SCCs. But can a sink SCC be covered by a walk that starts inside it? Yes, you could start a walk inside a sink SCC, cover its edges, and end there. That would be an additional walk. So the number of walks must be at least the number of sink SCCs as well? But careful: If a sink SCC is reachable from a source SCC, then a walk starting in that source SCC can enter the sink SCC and cover its edges, then end there. That covers that sink SCC. So that sink SCC does not require an extra walk beyond the one that started in the source SCC. However, if there are multiple sink SCCs, a single walk can only end in one sink SCC, so it can cover at most one sink SCC that is reachable from its start. But if there are multiple sink SCCs that are reachable from the same source SCC, can a single walk cover all of them? It would need to go from one sink SCC to another, which is impossible. So if there are multiple sink SCCs reachable from the same source SCC, you might need multiple walks starting from that source SCC? But you can only start one walk from that source SCC? Actually, you could have multiple walks starting from the same source SCC. The lower bound from source SCCs is the number of source SCCs, but you could have more walks than that. So to minimize total walks, you would want to cover as many sink SCCs as possible with walks that start in source SCCs. But if there are more sink SCCs than source SCCs, you might need extra walks that start in sink SCCs themselves (since you cannot enter them from elsewhere if they are sink SCCs with no incoming edges? Wait, sink SCCs can have incoming edges from other SCCs. In the condensation, a sink SCC has outdegree 0, but can have indegree >0. So they are reachable from source SCCs. So a walk starting in a source SCC can enter a sink SCC via an incoming edge. So that sink SCC can be covered by that walk. But if there are multiple sink SCCs, a single walk can only end in one sink SCC, but it could potentially visit multiple sink SCCs? To visit a sink SCC, you must enter it via an incoming edge. Once inside, you cannot leave because outdegree 0 in condensation. So you would be stuck there. So you cannot then go to another sink SCC. Therefore, a single walk can cover at most one sink SCC (the one it ends in). However, it could potentially cover edges in other sink SCCs if it enters them and then leaves? But that's impossible because they have no outgoing edges to other SCCs. So you cannot leave. So you can't cover more than one sink SCC in a single walk. Therefore, if there are k sink SCCs, you need at least k walks, because each sink SCC must be the final SCC of some walk (or be covered by a walk that starts inside it). But can a walk start inside a sink SCC and cover it without needing to end there? It would start there and end there (since can't leave). That's still one walk per sink SCC if you start inside. But if a sink SCC is reachable from a source SCC, you could have a walk that starts in that source SCC and ends in that sink SCC, covering it. That would count as one walk covering that sink SCC. So each sink SCC needs to be assigned to some walk that ends there. A walk can end in only one sink SCC. So the number of walks must be at least the number of sink SCCs. However, if a sink SCC is also a source SCC (i.e., isolated SCC with no incoming or outgoing edges), it would count both as source and sink, but that's one SCC. In that case, you need a walk that starts and ends in that SCC, so it contributes 1 to both counts but only one walk.

Thus, the minimum number of walks needed to cover all edges is at least the maximum of the number of source SCCs and the number of sink SCCs? But also consider that a walk can start in a source SCC and end in a sink SCC. So if we have S source SCCs and T sink SCCs, we could potentially cover all with max(S, T) walks? Let's test with the earlier example: two source SCCs (A and B) and one sink SCC (C,D). S=2, T=1. max=2. Minimum walks we found was 2. Good.

Consider a graph with one source SCC and two sink SCCs. Example: Source SCC S (with edges to both sinks). Suppose vertices: S (source SCC) with edges to A and B, and A and B are sink SCCs (no outgoing edges). Also there might be internal edges within S. Let's construct: S has edges S->A, S->B. Also maybe some internal edges within S to make it SCC. A and B have no outgoing edges. So condensation: source S, sinks A and B. S=1, T=2. Can we cover all edges with 2 walks? We need to cover edges in S, and edges S->A, S->B. Could we do one walk starting in S that covers S->A and then ends in A, covering that sink. But then S->B not covered. Could we cover S->B in the same walk? After going to A, we are stuck in A (no outgoing). So cannot. Could we start in S, cover S->B, then go to B, stuck. So one walk can only cover one of the sink edges. So we need at least two walks: one covering S->A and internal S edges maybe, and another covering S->B. But can we cover internal S edges in both walks? Possibly, but we need to cover all edges at least once. The internal edges of S could be covered in either walk. So we need at least 2 walks. That's max(1,2)=2. So works.

Consider a graph with two source SCCs and two sink SCCs, and the condensation is a bipartite-like DAG where each source can reach both sinks? Actually, if each source can reach both sinks, then we could have two walks: one starting in source1, covering its edges and then going to sink1; another starting in source2, covering its edges and then going to sink2. But what about edges from source1 to sink2? They would not be covered. Could we have source1's walk also cover source1->sink2? After going to sink1, can't leave. So not covered. Could we have source1's walk go to sink2 instead? Then sink1 not covered. So we need a third walk? Let's construct explicit example: SCCs: S1, S2 (sources), T1, T2 (sinks). Edges: S1->T1, S1->T2, S2->T1, S2->T2. Also internal edges within each SCC (maybe none). Also perhaps edges between S1 and S2? No, they are separate sources, no edges between them. Also no edges among sinks. So condensation: sources S1, S2; sinks T1, T2; edges from each source to each sink. S=2, T=2. Can we cover all edges with 2 walks? Suppose we assign Walk1 starts in S1, goes to T1 (covers S1->T1). Walk2 starts in S2, goes to T2 (covers S2->T2). But edges S1->T2 and S2->T1 remain uncovered. Could we design Walk1 to cover both S1->T1 and S1->T2? After going to T1, stuck. Could we go from S1 to T2 first, then to T1? No path from T2 to T1. So impossible. Could we have Walk1 start in S1, cover S1->T2, then somehow get to T1? No. So we need additional walks to cover the missing edges. Could we have a walk that starts in S1, covers S1->T1, then returns to S1? But to return to S1, we would need an edge from T1 to S1, which doesn't exist. So not possible. Could we have a walk that starts in S1, covers S1->T1, then uses some other path to get back to S1? There is none. So we need separate walks for each edge from a source to a sink? But maybe we can cover multiple edges from the same source by traversing the source multiple times? To traverse S1->T1 and S1->T2, we would need to be at S1 twice. After taking S1->T1, we are at T1 and cannot return to S1. So we cannot take another edge from S1. Therefore, each source SCC can only be departed from once in a walk (since after leaving, you can't come back if there is no incoming edge to the source SCC). Actually, you could leave the source SCC, but if there is a path back into it from elsewhere, then it wouldn't be a source SCC because it would have incoming edges from other SCCs. So in a source SCC, there are no incoming edges from other SCCs, but there could be internal edges that allow you to stay within the SCC and leave multiple times? Wait, consider a source SCC that is strongly connected internally. For example, a directed cycle among vertices A, B, C, and also edges from this SCC to other SCCs. Since it's strongly connected, you can move around within the SCC and leave via different outgoing edges at different times, provided you can return to the SCC after leaving? But if you leave the SCC, you go to another SCC. To take another outgoing edge from the source SCC, you would need to be back in the source SCC. But can you return? If there is an edge from the other SCC back to the source SCC, then the source SCC would have an incoming edge from another SCC, contradicting it being a source (indegree 0 in condensation). So there is no way to return to the source SCC once you leave it. Therefore, in a walk that starts in a source SCC, you can leave the SCC at most once. Actually, you could leave, then maybe come back if there is a path from the other SCC back to the source SCC, but that would give the source SCC an incoming edge, so it wouldn't be a source. So indeed, once you leave a source SCC, you cannot return. Thus, a walk starting in a source SCC can use at most one outgoing edge from that SCC (the one it leaves by). However, it could also use multiple outgoing edges if it leaves, then later somehow returns? No. But what about using outgoing edges without leaving? To use an outgoing edge, you must traverse it, which takes you out of the SCC. So each outgoing edge from a source SCC can only be used if you are in the source SCC and then take that edge, which exits the SCC. After taking one such edge, you are out and cannot take another. Therefore, a single walk starting in a source SCC can cover at most one outgoing edge from that SCC. But it could cover multiple outgoing edges if the SCC has multiple vertices and you could leave from different vertices at different times, but still you would leave the SCC each time. After leaving, you cannot come back, so you can only leave once. So you can only cover one outgoing edge from that source SCC per walk.

Similarly, a sink SCC can be entered at most once (since once you enter, you cannot leave). So a walk that ends in a sink SCC can cover at most one incoming edge to that sink SCC (the one used to enter). But it could also cover internal edges of the sink SCC after entering.

Thus, the problem becomes: We have a directed graph with SCCs condensed into a DAG. Each SCC may have internal edges (within the SCC) and edges between SCCs (inter-SCC edges). We need to cover all edges (both intra and inter) with walks. Each walk is a directed path in the condensation (starting at some SCC, ending at some SCC, possibly staying within an SCC for multiple steps). Within an SCC, since it's strongly connected, we can traverse all its internal edges in a single walk that stays within the SCC (like an Eulerian trail within the SCC, but we may need to enter/exit). However, if we start inside an SCC and never leave, we can cover all its internal edges with one walk (if the SCC is Eulerian or we can repeat edges). But if we need to also cover outgoing edges from that SCC, we have to leave, which may limit our ability to cover all internal edges before leaving? But we can cover internal edges, then leave via one outgoing edge. Since the SCC is strongly connected, we can arrange to be at the appropriate vertex to take the outgoing edge after covering all internal edges. So it's possible to cover all internal edges and then leave via one outgoing edge in a single walk, as long as we can traverse all internal edges and end at the vertex that has the outgoing edge. This is similar to finding an Eulerian trail in the SCC that starts at some vertex and ends at the exit vertex. If the SCC is balanced (indeg=outdeg for each vertex within the SCC considering only internal edges), we might need to add extra traversals to make it Eulerian, but we can repeat edges. So it's possible to cover all internal edges and then leave via one outgoing edge, as long as we can arrange the start and end appropriately. However, if the SCC has multiple outgoing edges, we cannot cover more than one in a single walk because after leaving, we can't come back. So each outgoing edge from an SCC (except possibly the one used to leave) would need to be covered by a separate walk that either starts in that SCC (if it's a source) or enters it (if it's not a source) and then leaves via that edge. But if the SCC is not a source, it can be entered from other SCCs. So a walk could enter the SCC, cover some internal edges, then leave via an outgoing edge. That walk could cover one outgoing edge from that SCC. But could it cover multiple outgoing edges? After leaving via one outgoing edge, it cannot return to the SCC to take another outgoing edge. So again, at most one outgoing edge per walk that visits that SCC.

Similarly, for incoming edges to an SCC: a walk can enter the SCC at most once (since after entering, it may leave? If it leaves, then it's not a sink; but if it leaves, then it's not an incoming edge that ends the walk? Actually, a walk can enter an SCC, then later leave via an outgoing edge. In that case, it uses one incoming edge (to enter) and one outgoing edge (to leave). It could also use multiple incoming edges? To use another incoming edge, you would need to be outside the SCC and enter again, but after leaving, you could potentially re-enter if there is a path back? But if you leave the SCC, you go to another SCC. To re-enter the SCC, there must be an edge from that other SCC back to the SCC. That would give the SCC an incoming edge from another SCC, which is possible. So you could enter, leave, then later come back via another incoming edge. However, consider the condensation: if you leave an SCC, you go to a different SCC. To come back, there must be a directed path from that other SCC back to the original SCC. In the condensation DAG, that would mean there is a cycle, which would imply the two SCCs are actually in the same SCC (since condensation is acyclic). So if you leave an SCC, you cannot return to it because that would create a cycle in the condensation. Therefore, in the condensation DAG, once you leave an SCC, you cannot re-enter it. So a walk can visit each SCC at most once. So a walk can enter an SCC at most once (if it's not the start) and leave at most once (if it's not the end). Thus, a walk can use at most one incoming edge to an SCC (the edge used to enter, if any) and at most one outgoing edge from an SCC (the edge used to leave, if any). It can also cover internal edges of the SCC while inside.

Therefore, the problem reduces to covering all inter-SCC edges (edges between SCCs) with walks that respect the DAG structure, where each walk corresponds to a path in the condensation DAG from a source SCC (indeg 0) to a sink SCC (outdeg 0), possibly passing through intermediate SCCs. Each such walk can cover exactly one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (except the last where it may not leave) and exactly one incoming edge to each SCC it visits (except the first where it may not enter). Actually, for an SCC that is internal (neither start nor end), the walk will enter via one incoming inter-SCC edge and leave via one outgoing inter-SCC edge. So it covers exactly one incoming and one outgoing inter-SCC edge for that SCC. For the start SCC, it covers one outgoing inter-SCC edge (if it leaves) and possibly no incoming. For the end SCC, it covers one incoming inter-SCC edge (if it enters) and possibly no outgoing. Additionally, the walk can cover all internal edges of each SCC it visits, because while inside an SCC, we can traverse all its internal edges (since we can move around freely within the SCC, as it's strongly connected, and we can repeat edges as needed). However, we must ensure that we can cover all internal edges of an SCC in a single visit, possibly with repetitions, and still start/end at the appropriate vertices to enter/exit. Is that always possible? Let's examine.

Consider an SCC with internal edges. We want to design a walk that starts at some vertex (maybe the entry point) and ends at some vertex (maybe the exit point), and traverses all internal edges at least once. This is essentially the problem of finding a directed walk that covers all edges of a strongly connected directed graph (allowing repetitions) with specified start and end vertices. Is it always possible? I think yes, because we can use an Eulerian trail approach after adding extra traversals to balance. Since we can repeat edges, we can always construct a walk that starts at any given vertex and ends at any given vertex and covers all edges, provided the graph is strongly connected. This is because we can first find an Eulerian trail in the multigraph where we duplicate some edges to make the graph Eulerian with the desired start and end. More formally, for a strongly connected directed graph, for any two vertices u and v, there exists a walk that starts at u, ends at v, and traverses every edge at least once. This is known: In a strongly connected directed graph, there exists a directed walk that traverses every edge at least once (a directed covering walk) with prescribed start and end? I'm not entirely sure if it's always possible for any u and v. Let's think: If the graph is Eulerian (balanced), then there exists an Eulerian circuit starting and ending at any vertex (since it's strongly connected and balanced). If not balanced, we can add extra traversals of edges to balance it. But can we always adjust to start at u and end at v? Suppose we want to start at u and end at v. Consider the multigraph where we add a dummy edge from v to u (or a path) to make it balanced and then find an Eulerian circuit, then remove the dummy edge to get an Eulerian trail from u to v. However, we need to ensure that the added dummy edge corresponds to an actual path in the graph (since we can only traverse existing edges). But we can traverse existing edges multiple times, so we can simulate a dummy edge by a path from v to u (since the graph is strongly connected, there is a directed path from v to u). So we can add that path as extra traversals. Then we can find an Eulerian circuit in the multigraph that includes those extra traversals, and then cut at u to get a trail from u to v that covers all original edges plus the extra path. This yields a walk that starts at u, ends at v, and covers all original edges at least once (some may be covered multiple times). So yes, it is always possible. Therefore, for any SCC, we can design a walk that enters at a specific vertex (the head of the incoming inter-SCC edge) and leaves from a specific vertex (the tail of the outgoing inter-SCC edge), and covers all internal edges. If the SCC is the start of a walk (no incoming), we can start at any vertex (we can choose the start vertex arbitrarily, since we can begin the walk inside the SCC). Similarly, if it's the end, we can end at any vertex.

Thus, the main difficulty is covering the inter-SCC edges. Each inter-SCC edge is a directed edge from a vertex in SCC X to a vertex in SCC Y, where X and Y are distinct SCCs, and there is a directed edge from X to Y in the condensation (since if there is an edge from X to Y, then X must appear before Y in topological order, and there cannot be an edge back because then they'd be in the same SCC). So inter-SCC edges form a DAG.

We need to select a set of walks (paths in the condensation) such that each inter-SCC edge is included in at least one walk. Additionally, each walk can include at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (since it leaves once) and at most one incoming edge to each SCC it visits (since it enters once). However, a walk could potentially include multiple inter-SCC edges that are incident to the same SCC if it enters and leaves multiple times? But as argued, a walk cannot re-enter an SCC after leaving, so it can only visit each SCC at most once. Therefore, for a given SCC, a walk that visits it can cover at most one incoming inter-SCC edge (the one it uses to enter, if any) and at most one outgoing inter-SCC edge (the one it uses to leave, if any). It could also cover multiple inter-SCC edges that are incident to the SCC if they are both incoming? But to use an incoming edge, you must be outside and then enter. If you enter via one incoming edge, you are inside. To use another incoming edge, you would need to be outside again and enter via that edge, which would require leaving the SCC and then re-entering, which is impossible. So at most one incoming inter-SCC edge per SCC per walk. Similarly, at most one outgoing inter-SCC edge per SCC per walk.

Thus, each walk corresponds to a directed path in the condensation, and it "covers" exactly one outgoing edge from each SCC along the path (except the last) and exactly one incoming edge to each SCC (except the first). More precisely, if the walk goes through SCCs C1 -> C2 -> ... -> Ck, then it covers one inter-SCC edge from C1 to C2, one from C2 to C3, ..., one from C_{k-1} to C_k. So it covers exactly (k-1) inter-SCC edges, each connecting consecutive SCCs in the path.

Therefore, the problem of covering all inter-SCC edges with the minimum number of walks is equivalent to covering all edges of a DAG (the condensation) with the minimum number of directed paths, where each path is a directed path (not necessarily simple? but in a DAG, any walk is a simple path because no cycles). And we are allowed to use each edge in at most one path? No, we can cover an edge in multiple paths, but we only need each edge to be covered at least once. However, because each path can only cover one edge from each SCC as an outgoing edge, if an SCC has multiple outgoing edges, we need multiple paths that start at or pass through that SCC to cover each outgoing edge. Similarly, if an SCC has multiple incoming edges, we need multiple paths that end at or pass through that SCC to cover each incoming edge. But note that a path that goes through an SCC can cover one incoming and one outgoing edge for that SCC. So the coverage of incoming and outgoing edges are coupled.

This looks like a flow or matching problem. Actually, it's similar to the problem of decomposing a directed graph into the minimum number of paths that cover all edges, known as the "minimum path cover in a DAG" but that's for covering vertices, not edges. There is also "minimum number of trails to cover all edges" which is related to the imbalance. But here we have the extra constraint that each SCC can be visited at most once per walk, which is inherent.

Let's think in terms of the condensation DAG. Let the SCCs be nodes. For each inter-SCC edge (u->v) where u in SCC A, v in SCC B, we need to assign it to some walk. A walk is a path in this DAG. Each walk can be thought of as a sequence of edges. The walk can start at any SCC (source or not) and end at any SCC (sink or not). But if it starts at a non-source SCC, it means the walk begins inside that SCC without an incoming edge. That's allowed because we can start the string at any vertex. Similarly, it can end at a non-sink SCC, meaning we stop inside that SCC without using an outgoing edge. So walks are not required to start at sources or end at sinks. However, starting at a non-source SCC might be suboptimal because we could instead start at a source and cover more edges? But we want to minimize number of walks, so we would likely start at sources and end at sinks to maximize coverage per walk.

But consider an SCC that has both incoming and outgoing edges. If we start a walk inside that SCC, we could cover its internal edges and then leave via one outgoing edge, but we would not cover any incoming edge to that SCC. That incoming edge would need to be covered by another walk that enters the SCC. So it might be more efficient to have walks that start at sources and end at sinks, covering one incoming and one outgoing edge for intermediate SCCs. Starting a walk inside a non-source SCC would waste the opportunity to cover an incoming edge with that walk. Similarly, ending inside a non-sink SCC would waste covering an outgoing edge. So to minimize the number of walks, we would likely want each walk to start at a source SCC (so that it covers an outgoing edge from that source without needing an incoming edge) and end at a sink SCC (so that it covers an incoming edge to that sink without needing an outgoing edge). This way, each walk covers one outgoing edge from its start SCC and one incoming edge to its end SCC, and for each intermediate SCC it covers one incoming and one outgoing edge. This seems optimal.

But is it always possible to cover all inter-SCC edges with such paths? We need to assign each inter-SCC edge to some path. Each path corresponds to a chain of edges. The problem becomes: Given a DAG with multiple edges (parallel edges possible? Actually, there could be multiple inter-SCC edges between the same pair of SCCs if there are multiple product names from vertices in A to vertices in B. But in the condensation, we can treat them as separate edges that need to be covered. However, a path can only include one edge between consecutive SCCs because it goes from A to B via one specific edge. But if there are multiple edges from A to B, we could include at most one of them in a given path (since the path goes from A to B, you choose one edge to traverse). So each path can cover at most one edge from A to B. So we need to cover all parallel edges as well.

Thus, we have a multigraph DAG (condensation with multiplicities). We need to cover all edges with directed paths (starting at any node, ending at any node) such that each path is a sequence of edges where each edge is used at most once in that path (but can be used in multiple paths? Actually, we can cover an edge in multiple paths, but that would be redundant; we want to cover each edge at least once, so we can assign each edge to exactly one path to minimize number of paths, because covering an edge in more than one path doesn't help reduce the number of paths; it might be necessary if the edge is needed to connect paths? But if we assign each edge to exactly one path, then the paths are edge-disjoint? Not necessarily; they could share vertices but not edges. However, if two paths share a vertex, they might need to use the same incoming/outgoing edges? But they can't use the same edge twice if we assign each edge to exactly one path. But is it possible that covering an edge in multiple paths could reduce the total number of paths? For example, if an edge is used by two paths, that might allow merging of paths? Actually, if we have two paths that both use the same edge, they could potentially be merged into one longer path if they are contiguous? But they would be overlapping. However, we are constructing walks independently; they don't need to be edge-disjoint. But if we allow an edge to be covered by multiple walks, we could potentially have fewer walks because we could have a walk that covers many edges, and another walk that covers some edges that are not on that walk, but they might share some edges. The total number of walks is independent of edge multiplicities; we just need each edge to appear in at least one walk. So we can assign each edge to exactly one walk (the one that covers it) without loss of optimality, because if an edge is covered by multiple walks, we could remove it from all but one walk and still have coverage, potentially reducing the length of walks but not the count. However, could removing an edge from a walk break the walk's continuity? If a walk uses an edge, it's part of its sequence. If we remove that edge from the walk (i.e., not traverse it), the walk would be broken into two separate walks? Actually, if we have a walk that covers edges e1, e2, e3,... and we decide that e2 is also covered by another walk, we could still keep e2 in this walk; it doesn't hurt. But if we want to minimize the number of walks, we might want to consolidate coverage into as few walks as possible, which might involve having walks that share edges. But sharing edges doesn't reduce the number of walks; it just means some edges are covered multiple times. The number of walks is determined by how we partition the set of edges into walks (each walk is a sequence of edges that are connected head-to-tail). If we allow overlapping, we could have a walk that covers a set of edges, and another walk that covers a different set, but they might share some edges; that's fine. But to minimize the number of walks, we would like to cover as many edges as possible in each walk, subject to the constraint that the walk must be a directed path in the condensation (i.e., a sequence of edges where the head of one equals the tail of the next). So essentially, we want to partition the edge set into the minimum number of directed trails (in the condensation) such that each trail is a path (no repeated vertices because DAG). This is exactly the problem of finding the minimum number of paths to cover all edges in a DAG, where paths are edge-disjoint? Not necessarily edge-disjoint; they can share vertices but cannot share edges if we partition edges, but we could also allow edges to be used in multiple paths, but that would increase total edge traversals without reducing path count. So the optimal solution will likely have each edge assigned to exactly one path (since if an edge is used in two paths, you could remove it from one and still have coverage, possibly breaking that path into two, but that would increase the number of paths? Actually, if you remove an edge from a path, the path might split into two paths, increasing count. So it's not necessarily beneficial to remove an edge from a path. But we are trying to minimize the number of paths, so we want each path to be as long as possible, covering many edges. If an edge is covered by two paths, that means one of those paths could potentially be extended to cover that edge instead of the other path, possibly allowing the other path to be shorter or eliminated? But if both paths already cover other edges, maybe they cannot be merged because they diverge. Overlap might be necessary to connect edges? Let's think: Suppose we have a DAG with a diamond shape: A->B, A->C, B->D, C->D. We need to cover all four edges. Can we cover them with one path? A path would be a sequence of edges like A->B->D, which covers A->B and B->D, but not A->C and C->D. Could we have a single walk that goes A->B->D and then somehow goes back to A or C? No, because after D we cannot go back to A or C (no edges). So one path cannot cover both branches. So we need at least two paths. Could we cover with two paths that share an edge? For example, Path1: A->B->D, Path2: A->C->D. They share no edges. That's two paths. Could we have a single path that goes A->B->D and then from D we cannot go to C. So no. So minimum is 2. This matches the idea that each source A has two outgoing edges, so we need at least two paths starting at A (or one starting at A and another starting somewhere else). Since A is a source, we need at least outdeg(A) paths that start at A? Actually, outdeg(A)=2, and each path starting at A can cover at most one outgoing edge from A. So we need at least 2 paths that start at A. That gives lower bound 2. And indeed we can achieve 2. So the lower bound from source outdegree seems relevant.

Similarly, for sinks, each sink D has indegree 2, and each path ending at D can cover at most one incoming edge to D, so we need at least 2 paths ending at D. That also gives 2.

Thus, the minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges in a DAG (allowing paths to start/end anywhere) is at least the maximum over all vertices of (outdegree) for sources? Actually, more generally, for any vertex v, the number of paths that pass through v (as an internal vertex) can cover at most one incoming and one outgoing edge for v. But paths that start at v can cover one outgoing edge without covering an incoming; paths that end at v can cover one incoming without covering an outgoing. So the total number of paths must satisfy:

Let x_v be the number of paths that start at v.
Let y_v be the number of paths that end at v.
Let z_v be the number of paths that pass through v (i.e., neither start nor end at v). Then total paths = sum_v x_v = sum_v y_v (since each path has one start and one end). For each vertex v, the total coverage of outgoing edges from v is: each path that starts at v covers 1 outgoing edge (the first edge), each path that passes through v covers 1 outgoing edge (the edge it leaves v), and paths that end at v cover 0 outgoing edges. So total outgoing edges covered = x_v + z_v. This must be at least outdeg(v) (the number of outgoing inter-SCC edges from v). Similarly, total incoming edges covered = y_v + z_v must be at least indeg(v). Also, x_v, y_v, z_v are nonnegative integers, and for each v, x_v + y_v + z_v = total number of paths that visit v (as start, end, or internal). But we don't need to model that directly.

We want to minimize total number of paths P = sum_v x_v.

This is reminiscent of a flow problem: we need to send flow through the DAG to cover all edges. Each path corresponds to a unit of flow from its start to its end. The flow uses one unit of capacity on each edge it traverses. We need to cover each edge at least once, i.e., the flow on each edge must be at least 1. We want to minimize the total number of paths, which is the total flow (since each path is a unit of flow from a source to a sink). However, in flow, the total flow is the sum of flows out of sources, which equals sum of flows into sinks. Minimizing total flow subject to lower bounds of 1 on each edge is a classic problem: find the minimum flow that satisfies lower bounds on arcs. This is the minimum flow problem with lower bounds. Indeed, we have a directed graph (condensation DAG) with lower bound 1 on each edge (since each inter-SCC edge must be covered at least once). We want to find a feasible flow (not necessarily integer? but integer) that meets these lower bounds and minimizes the total flow value (i.e., the amount of flow leaving sources). This is exactly the minimum flow problem with lower bounds. Additionally, we have the ability to start and end at any vertices; we can add a super source and super sink. The minimum flow value will be the minimum number of paths needed, assuming we can decompose the flow into paths (which we can, since flow is integral and acyclic). However, we also need to consider that within each SCC, we can cover internal edges without affecting the path count, as argued. So the problem reduces to: compute the condensation DAG of the original directed graph (considering only vertices that appear in product names? Actually, vertices are letters; there are 26 possible vertices. Some may have no incident edges. We can ignore isolated vertices. Then we have a directed graph G with edges = product names. Compute its SCCs. Build condensation DAG H where nodes are SCCs, and edges correspond to original edges between different SCCs (with multiplicity). Then we need to find the minimum number of directed walks (in original graph) that cover all edges. This is equivalent to covering all inter-SCC edges with walks that correspond to paths in H, and covering all intra-SCC edges can be done within those walks without extra cost. So the minimal number of walks equals the minimum flow value in H with lower bound 1 on each edge, where we can start and end at any nodes, and we want to minimize total flow.

But is there any additional nuance? Could we cover intra-SCC edges with walks that do not correspond to paths in H? For example, a walk that stays entirely within an SCC and does not use any inter-SCC edge. That would be a walk that starts and ends within the same SCC. Such a walk would cover internal edges but not any inter-SCC edges. If we have an SCC that has no inter-SCC edges (i.e., isolated SCC), then we need at least one walk to cover its internal edges. That walk would be entirely within that SCC, and it would count as one walk. In terms of flow, this corresponds to a path of length 0? Actually, a walk that stays within an SCC and doesn't use inter-SCC edges is not represented in the condensation DAG because it doesn't traverse any inter-SCC edge. So we need to account for isolated SCCs separately. But such an SCC would be both a source and a sink in the condensation (since it has no incoming or outgoing edges). In the flow model, we could treat it as a node with no incident edges. To cover its internal edges, we need a walk that starts and ends within that SCC. That would correspond to a "path" of length 0 in the condensation, i.e., a walk that doesn't use any inter-SCC edges. In the minimum flow formulation, we could think of adding a dummy start/end within that SCC, which would count as one unit of flow that doesn't traverse any edges. So we need to add 1 for each such isolated SCC (with internal edges). However, if an SCC has internal edges but also has inter-SCC edges, we can cover its internal edges as part of a walk that enters or leaves it, so no extra walk needed solely for internal edges. So we need to count SCCs that have no inter-SCC edges (i.e., indegree=0 and outdegree=0 in the condensation) and have at least one internal edge (i.e., the SCC has more than one vertex? Actually, an SCC could be a single vertex with no self-loop? But product names are length-2 strings, so an edge from a vertex to itself? Could there be a product name like "AA"? Yes, uppercase letters, so "AA" is possible. That would be a self-loop. That would be an edge within the SCC (since it's from A to A). So an SCC could consist of a single vertex with a self-loop. That SCC would have internal edges (the self-loop). It might also have inter-SCC edges? If it has a self-loop and also edges to/from other vertices, then it's part of a larger SCC? Actually, a self-loop alone does not make a vertex strongly connected with others; it's just itself. But if there are edges to/from other vertices, then the SCC might include those vertices if there are paths both ways. So a single vertex with a self-loop but no other edges would be an SCC with internal edge (the self-loop) and no inter-SCC edges. So we need to cover that self-loop. That would require a walk that includes that self-loop. Could that be covered as part of a walk that also covers other edges? If there are no inter-SCC edges, the only way to cover it is a walk that stays within that SCC. So we need at least one walk for that SCC. So we must add 1 for each SCC that has internal edges but zero inter-SCC edges (i.e., isolated in the condensation). However, if an SCC has no internal edges? That would mean the SCC has no edges at all? But an SCC is defined by vertices; if there are no edges, it's just a vertex with no edges, but such a vertex would not appear in any product name, so we can ignore. So any SCC that appears in our graph must have at least one edge (since edges are product names). But could an SCC have only inter-SCC edges and no internal edges? Consider two vertices A and B with edges A->B and B->A. That's an SCC with internal edges (both A->B and B->A are internal). So yes, internal edges exist. If an SCC consists of a single vertex with no self-loop but with edges to/from other SCCs? That can't happen because if there is an edge from A to B and B is in a different SCC, then A is not strongly connected with B unless there is a path back. So A alone would be an SCC if there is no path back from B to A. That SCC would have outgoing edges (to other SCCs) but no internal edges (since no self-loop and no edges to itself). However, does it have any internal edges? The only edges incident to A are inter-SCC edges (outgoing). There is no edge from A to A, so no internal edges. So such an SCC has no internal edges to cover. So we don't need to worry about covering internal edges for it; we only need to cover its outgoing (and possibly incoming) inter-SCC edges. So the only internal edges that need coverage are those within SCCs that have at least one internal edge. But if an SCC has internal edges, we can cover them as part of a walk that visits that SCC, whether it starts, ends, or passes through. So as long as the SCC is visited by at least one walk (i.e., it appears in the condensation path of some walk), we can cover its internal edges within that walk. If an SCC is isolated (no inter-SCC edges), then no walk that uses inter-SCC edges will visit it, so we need a separate walk solely for that SCC. So we need to count such SCCs.

But wait, could an SCC have internal edges but also be such that it is not visited by any walk covering inter-SCC edges? If it has no inter-SCC edges, then it's isolated, so we need a separate walk. If it has inter-SCC edges, then any walk that covers those inter-SCC edges will necessarily visit that SCC (since to cover an outgoing edge from it, a walk must start at or pass through it; to cover an incoming edge, a walk must end at or pass through it). However, it's possible that an SCC has inter-SCC edges but we might not cover all its internal edges if we only pass through it once? But as argued, we can cover all internal edges in one visit, as long as we can design the walk appropriately. So we can cover them.

Thus, the minimal number of walks = (minimum flow value in condensation DAG with lower bound 1 on each edge) + (number of isolated SCCs with internal edges). But careful: If an SCC has internal edges but also has inter-SCC edges, it will be visited by at least one walk (since its inter-SCC edges must be covered). However, it might be visited by multiple walks (e.g., if it has multiple outgoing edges, each may be covered by a different walk, and each such walk will visit the SCC). In that case, we could cover internal edges in any one of those visits, but we need to ensure that all internal edges are covered at least once. Since we can design each walk to cover all internal edges, we could just ensure that at least one of the walks that visits the SCC covers all internal edges. That is possible because we can design that particular walk to cover them. So no extra walk needed.

Now, what about SCCs that have internal edges but no inter-SCC edges? They are isolated, so we need a walk for each. But could we combine multiple such isolated SCCs into a single walk? No, because there is no edge between them, so a walk cannot move from one SCC to another without using inter-SCC edges, which don't exist. So each requires its own walk.

Thus, the problem reduces to computing the minimum flow in the condensation DAG with lower bound 1 on each edge, plus isolated SCCs.

Now, how to compute the minimum flow? This is a classic problem: Given a directed graph with lower bounds on edges, find a feasible flow of minimum total flow. We can transform it to a circulation with lower bounds and then add a super source and super sink to minimize flow. Alternatively, we can think in terms of the imbalance at each node.

Let's denote the condensation DAG H (with vertices representing SCCs). For each vertex v in H, let out(v) be the number of outgoing edges (counting multiplicities) and in(v) be the number of incoming edges. We need to send flow through H such that each edge e has flow f(e) >= 1. We want to minimize the total flow F = sum_{e} f(e) - ??? Actually, the total flow value is the amount of flow leaving sources (or entering sinks). But if we have multiple sources and sinks, the total flow value is not simply sum of flows on edges because flow can be generated at sources and absorbed at sinks. In a flow network with multiple sources and sinks, the total flow is the sum of flow out of all sources (or into all sinks). If we allow flow to start at any node (i.e., we can inject flow at any node) and end at any node, then we can model by adding a super source S connected to all nodes with infinite capacity (or appropriate) and a super sink T from all nodes, and then we want to minimize the flow from S to T while satisfying lower bounds on original edges. However, we also have the ability to start and end at any node without cost? Actually, each unit of flow corresponds to a walk. The walk starts at some node (where flow originates) and ends at some node (where flow terminates). In flow terms, we can think of each node having a supply/demand. If we allow flow to start at any node, that means we can inject flow at that node without it coming from elsewhere. Similarly, flow can end at any node, meaning it can be absorbed there. So we can set each node's net flow (outflow - inflow) to be any value, as long as the total net outflow equals total net inflow (overall sum zero). But we want to minimize the total number of walks, which is the total amount of flow that is injected (i.e., sum of positive net outflows). In a feasible flow with lower bounds, we can compute the minimum possible total injection.

This is similar to the problem of finding the minimum number of paths to cover all edges in a DAG, which is known to be equal to the sum over vertices of max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v))? But that formula we considered earlier for the original graph (not condensation) gave the number of trails needed if we consider the whole graph as one component? Let's test with the diamond example: condensation: vertices A, B, C, D? Actually, in the diamond, the original graph might be: A->B, A->C, B->D, C->D. This graph is already a DAG (no cycles). Its SCCs are individual vertices. So condensation is the same graph. Compute outdeg(A)=2, indeg(A)=0 => diff=2; outdeg(B)=1, indeg(B)=1 => diff=0; outdeg(C)=1, indeg(C)=1 => diff=0; outdeg(D)=0, indeg(D)=2 => diff=-2. Sum of positive diffs =2. That matches the minimum number of paths (2). For the earlier example with two sources and one sink (A and B sources, C,D sink?), we had outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(B)=1, indeg(B)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(C)=1, indeg(C)=1? Actually, in that example, we had A->C, B->D, C->D, D->C? That had a cycle between C and D, so they form an SCC. So condensation: A (source), B (source), CD (sink). outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(B)=1, indeg(B)=0 => diff=1; outdeg(CD)=0? Actually, CD has outgoing? In that example, from CD we had edges C->D and D->C, but those are internal, so no outgoing inter-SCC edges. So outdeg(CD)=0, indeg(CD)=2 (from A and B). So positive diffs: A:1, B:1 => sum=2. That matches min walks=2. For the example with one source and two sinks (S->A, S->B), condensation: S (source), A (sink), B (sink). outdeg(S)=2, indeg(S)=0 => diff=2; outdeg(A)=0, indeg(A)=1 => diff=0; outdeg(B)=0, indeg(B)=1 => diff=0. Sum positive diffs =2. That matches min walks=2. For the example with two sources and two sinks and edges from each source to each sink, condensation: S1, S2, T1, T2. outdeg(S1)=2, indeg(S1)=0 => diff=2; outdeg(S2)=2, indeg(S2)=0 => diff=2; outdeg(T1)=0, indeg(T1)=2 => diff=0; outdeg(T2)=0, indeg(T2)=2 => diff=0. Sum positive diffs =4. But earlier we thought we might need 4 walks? Let's test that scenario: edges: S1->T1, S1->T2, S2->T1, S2->T2. Can we cover all four edges with 2 walks? As argued, each walk starting at a source can cover only one outgoing edge from that source. So to cover both outgoing edges from S1, we need at least two walks that start at S1 (or one that starts at S1 and another that starts elsewhere but covers S1->T2? But to cover S1->T2, the walk must be at S1 and then take that edge. If the walk doesn't start at S1, it must enter S1 via an incoming edge. But S1 has no incoming edges (source). So it cannot be entered. So the only way to cover an outgoing edge from S1 is to have a walk that starts at S1. Therefore, we need at least outdeg(S1) walks that start at S1. Similarly, for S2, we need at least outdeg(S2) walks that start at S2. However, could a single walk start at S1 and cover both S1->T1 and S1->T2? As argued, after taking one outgoing edge, you leave S1 and cannot return, so you can only take one. So indeed, we need at least outdeg(S1) walks starting at S1, and at least outdeg(S2) walks starting at S2. That totals at least 4 walks. But is it possible to cover all edges with 4 walks? Yes: Walk1: S1->T1, Walk2: S1->T2, Walk3: S2->T1, Walk4: S2->T2. That's 4 walks. Could we do with 3 walks? Suppose we have Walk1: S1->T1, Walk2: S1->T2, Walk3: S2->T1 (covers S2->T1). Then S2->T2 is uncovered. Could Walk3 also cover S2->T2? After S2->T1, we are at T1, cannot go to T2. So no. Could we have a walk that starts at S2, goes to T2, and also covers S1->T1? No, because S1 not reachable. So 3 is impossible. So minimum is 4. So sum of positive diffs =4 matches.

Now consider a more complex DAG where some vertices have both incoming and outgoing edges. The sum of positive diffs formula seems to give the minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges when we require each edge to be covered exactly once and paths are edge-disjoint? Actually, the sum of positive diffs is a lower bound: For each vertex, the number of paths that start at v must be at least max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)). Because each path that starts at v contributes 1 to outflow coverage, each path that passes through v contributes 1 to both inflow and outflow coverage. Let x_v = number of paths starting at v, y_v = number ending at v, z_v = number passing through. Then outflow coverage = x_v + z_v >= outdeg(v). Inflow coverage = y_v + z_v >= indeg(v). Also total paths P = sum x_v = sum y_v. We want to minimize P. From these inequalities, we can derive a lower bound. Summing the outflow inequality over all v: sum (x_v + z_v) >= sum outdeg(v). But sum x_v = P, and sum z_v = ? Each path that passes through a vertex contributes to z_v for that vertex. If we sum z_v over all vertices, each path of length L (number of edges) passes through L-1 internal vertices? Actually, a path that goes through k edges visits k+1 vertices, of which the first is start, last is end, and the intermediate are internal. So for a path with edges, it contributes to z_v for each vertex that is neither start nor end. So sum_v z_v = total number of internal vertex occurrences across all paths. That is not simply related to P. However, we can also use the fact that sum outdeg(v) = number of edges (since each edge counted once). Similarly, sum indeg(v) = number of edges. So sum outdeg = sum indeg = E.

Now, from outflow: x_v + z_v >= outdeg(v). Sum over v: sum x_v + sum z_v >= E => P + sum z_v >= E. Similarly, from inflow: y_v + z_v >= indeg(v) => P + sum z_v >= E (same). So that gives P >= E - sum z_v. Since sum z_v >= 0, we get P >= E - something, not helpful.

But we can derive a stronger lower bound by considering each vertex individually: x_v >= outdeg(v) - z_v. Since z_v <= ? Not directly.

However, there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (allowing trails to share vertices and edges, but each edge must be covered at least once) is equal to the sum over vertices of max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)), except when there are no edges, then 0. But we saw examples where this holds. Let's test with the diamond: outdeg(A)=2, indeg(A)=0 => diff=2; others diff=0 => sum=2, matches. With two sources and two sinks fully connected: outdeg(S1)=2, indeg=0 => diff=2; S2 diff=2; sum=4, matches. With a vertex that has both incoming and outgoing: e.g., a chain A->B->C. outdeg(A)=1, indeg=0 => diff=1; B: out=1, in=1 => diff=0; C: out=0, in=1 => diff=0 => sum=1, matches (one path). With a cycle A->B->C->A: all out=1, in=1 => sum=0, but we need at least 1 path. So we take max(1, sum). That matches.

But is this formula always valid for any directed graph? I recall a theorem: The minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges of a directed graph (allowing trails to share edges) is max(1, Σ max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))). This is analogous to the undirected case where the minimum number of trails to cover all edges is max(1, number of vertices with odd degree / 2). For directed graphs, the imbalance determines the number of trails. This is indeed a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of edge-disjoint trails needed to cover all edges (i.e., an Eulerian trail decomposition) is Σ max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)), provided the graph is weakly connected and has at least one edge. But that's for edge-disjoint trails covering each edge exactly once (i.e., decomposing the edge set into trails). However, we are not requiring edge-disjointness; we allow trails to share edges, but we want to cover each edge at least once. The minimal number of trails when sharing is allowed cannot be less than the minimal number when edge-disjoint, because if you have a set of trails that cover all edges (possibly with overlaps), you could potentially merge trails by overlapping? But the edge-disjoint decomposition is a special case where each edge is used exactly once. The minimal number of trails in an edge-disjoint decomposition is indeed Σ max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)) (if the graph is weakly connected). This is because you can add extra edges to make the graph Eulerian and then find an Eulerian trail that covers all edges, but that would be one trail, not multiple. Wait, I'm mixing concepts.

Let's clarify: There is a concept of "Eulerian trail" that uses each edge exactly once. If the graph is Eulerian, one trail suffices. If not, you can decompose the edge set into the minimum number of trails such that each edge is used exactly once (edge-disjoint trails). This minimum number is given by Σ max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)). This is a known result (see: minimum path cover in a directed graph for edges? Actually, it's about covering all edges with trails, not vertices). For example, in a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to partition the edge set (i.e., each edge appears exactly once in one trail) is Σ max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)), provided the graph is weakly connected. If the graph is not weakly connected, you need to sum over components. This is analogous to the undirected case where the minimum number of trails to partition the edges is max(1, number of odd-degree vertices/2). So that formula gives the minimum number of trails if we require edge-disjointness and each edge used exactly once. However, in our problem, we are allowed to use edges multiple times across trails, and we only need each edge to appear at least once. Could we do better than the edge-disjoint decomposition? For instance, consider a graph that is not Eulerian but we could still cover all edges with a single trail by repeating some edges. The question: Is it always possible to cover all edges with a single trail if the graph is strongly connected? Not necessarily, as we saw with the source-sink issue. But what about a graph that is strongly connected? If the graph is strongly connected, then for any two vertices there is a path. Can we cover all edges with a single walk? Consider a strongly connected directed graph that is not balanced. For example, take a directed cycle of 3 vertices: A->B, B->C, C->A. That's balanced, so one Eulerian circuit works. Now add an extra edge A->C. So edges: A->B, B->C, C->A, A->C. This graph is strongly connected. Compute imbalances: A: out=2 (AB, AC), in=1 (CA) => diff=1; B: out=1, in=1 => diff=0; C: out=1, in=2 (BC, AC) => diff=-1. Sum positive diffs =1. According to the formula, the minimum number of edge-disjoint trails to partition the edges would be 1? Actually, Σ max(0, out-in) =1, so you could partition the edges into 1 trail? But can you have a single trail that uses each edge exactly once? That would be an Eulerian trail, which requires at most one vertex with out-in=1 and one with in-out=1. Here we have A with +1, C with -1, so an Eulerian trail exists from A to C. Indeed, we can have trail: A->B->C->A->C. That uses each edge exactly once? Let's see: A->B, B->C, C->A, A->C. Yes, that's an Eulerian trail (not closed) covering all edges exactly once. So one trail suffices. So the edge-disjoint decomposition number is 1, which matches our desired minimum number of walks (since we can use that trail as our NG list string). So in this case, we don't need to repeat edges.

Now consider a graph that is strongly connected but with imbalances that sum to more than 1? But in a strongly connected graph, the sum of outdeg - indeg over all vertices is 0, so Σ max(0, out-in) = Σ max(0, in-out) = some number. Could it be greater than 1? Yes, for example, take a graph with vertices A, B, C, D. Edges: A->B, A->C, B->D, C->D, D->A. Let's compute: A: out=2 (AB, AC), in=1 (DA) => diff=1; B: out=1 (BD), in=1 (AB) => diff=0; C: out=1 (CD), in=1 (AC) => diff=0; D: out=1 (DA), in=2 (BD, CD) => diff=-1. Sum positive =1. Still 1. To get sum positive =2, we need at least two vertices with outdeg > indeg. But in a strongly connected graph, can we have two sources? If it's strongly connected, every vertex has indegree at least 1 from within the SCC. So outdeg could be greater than indeg for multiple vertices. For example, consider a graph with vertices X, Y, Z. Edges: X->Y, X->Z, Y->X, Z->X. Compute: X: out=2 (XY, XZ), in=2 (YX, ZX) => diff=0; Y: out=1 (YX), in=1 (XY) => diff=0; Z: out=1 (ZX), in=1 (XZ) => diff=0. That's balanced. To get two vertices with positive diff, we need something like: A->B, A->C, B->A, C->A, and also maybe extra edges. Let's try: A: out to B and C (2), in from B and C (2) => diff 0. Not working. Maybe add an extra edge from B to somewhere else that doesn't return to B? But then B's outdeg increases, but to keep strong connectivity, there must be a path back to B. That could increase indeg of B as well. It's possible to have multiple vertices with outdeg > indeg in a strongly connected graph? Consider a graph with vertices 1,2,3. Edges: 1->2, 2->3, 3->1 (cycle). That's balanced. Add an extra edge 1->3. Then 1: out=2, in=1 => diff=1; 3: out=1, in=2 => diff=-1; 2: out=1, in=1 => diff=0. So only one positive. Add another extra edge 2->1. Then edges: 1->2, 1->3, 2->3, 2->1, 3->1. Compute: 1: out=2 (1->2,1->3), in=2 (2->1,3->1) => diff=0; 2: out=2 (2->3,2->1), in=1 (1->2) => diff=1; 3: out=1 (3->1), in=2 (1->3,2->3) => diff=-1. So positive diff at 2 =1. Still one positive. It seems that in a strongly connected graph, the sum of positive diffs equals the sum of negative diffs, but the number of vertices with positive diff could be more than 1. For example, consider a graph with vertices A, B, C, D and edges: A->B, A->C, B->D, C->D, D->A, and also B->A, C->A? Let's try to create two vertices with outdeg > indeg. Suppose A: out to B and C (2), in from D and maybe B? Let's design: A->B, A->C, B->A, C->A, D->A, and also B->D, C->D? That might balance. Let's compute systematically: We want A: outdeg > indeg. So give A many outgoing edges. To keep strong connectivity, we need paths back to A. So other vertices must have edges to A. That will increase indeg of A. So to keep outdeg > indeg, we need outgoing edges that are not matched by incoming edges from those same vertices? But those vertices might also have edges to A, which count as incoming to A. So if we add an outgoing edge from A to X, and also add an incoming edge from X to A, then that contributes both to outdeg and indeg of A, potentially balancing. So to have outdeg > indeg, we need some outgoing edges from A to vertices that do not have edges back to A. But if those vertices have no edge back to A, then there is no path from those vertices to A, breaking strong connectivity (since from that vertex you cannot reach A). So in a strongly connected graph, for every vertex X, there must be a path from X to A. That path may involve multiple edges, not necessarily a direct edge. So it's possible that A has an outgoing edge to B, and B has no direct edge to A, but there is a path B->...->A. That path contributes to indeg of A indirectly (through intermediate vertices). But indeg counts only direct edges, not paths. So A could have outdeg > indeg even if the graph is strongly connected, as long as the incoming edges to A are fewer than outgoing, but there exist paths from other vertices to A that go through intermediate vertices, which doesn't affect indeg directly. So it's possible to have multiple vertices with positive diff. For example, consider a graph with vertices A, B, C. Edges: A->B, B->C, C->A (cycle). That's balanced. Add an extra edge A->C. Then A: out=2, in=1 => diff=1; C: out=1, in=2 => diff=-1; B: out=1, in=1 => diff=0. Only one positive. Add another extra edge B->A. Then edges: A->B, A->C, B->C, B->A, C->A. Compute: A: out=2, in=2 (B->A, C->A) => diff=0; B: out=2 (B->C, B->A), in=1 (A->B) => diff=1; C: out=1 (C->A), in=2 (A->C, B->C) => diff=-1. So still one positive. To get two positives, we need two vertices with outdeg > indeg. Suppose we have vertices X, Y, Z, W. Let's try: X->Y, X->Z, Y->W, Z->W, W->X, and also Y->X, Z->X. Compute: X: out=2 (XY, XZ), in=2 (YX, ZX) => diff=0; Y: out=2 (YW, YX), in=1 (XY) => diff=1; Z: out=2 (ZW, ZX), in=1 (XZ) => diff=1; W: out=1 (WX), in=2 (YW, ZW) => diff=-1. So we have Y and Z with positive diff (1 each), and W with negative diff (-2? Actually indeg(W)=2, outdeg=1 => diff=-1? Wait, indeg(W)=2 (from Y and Z), outdeg(W)=1 (to X) => diff=-1. Sum positives =2, negatives = -2 (one vertex with -2? Actually W diff -1, but sum of negatives must be -2 to balance, so there must be another negative vertex. Let's compute all: X diff 0, Y diff +1, Z diff +1, W diff -1? That sums to +1, not zero. Something off: total outdeg = sum out = 2 (X) +2 (Y) +2 (Z) +1 (W) =7. Total indeg = 2 (X) +1 (Y) +1 (Z) +2 (W) =6. That's inconsistent because total outdeg must equal total indeg. Let's recount edges: X->Y, X->Z, Y->W, Z->W, W->X, Y->X, Z->X. That's 7 edges. Outdeg: X:2, Y:2 (Y->W, Y->X), Z:2 (Z->W, Z->X), W:1 (W->X). Indeg: X: from Y, Z, W =>3? Actually X receives from Y, Z, W =>3. Y: from X =>1. Z: from X =>1. W: from Y, Z =>2. So indeg: X=3, Y=1, Z=1, W=2. Sum indeg=7, sum outdeg=7. So diffs: X: out2 - in3 = -1; Y: out2 - in1 = +1; Z: out2 - in1 = +1; W: out1 - in2 = -1. So positives: Y+1, Z+1 => sum=2; negatives: X-1, W-1 => sum=-2. So indeed two vertices with positive diff. This graph is strongly connected? Check: From any vertex can reach any other? From X, can go to Y, Z, then to W via Y or Z, and from W to X. From Y, can go to X directly or via W? Y->W->X, so yes. From Z similar. From W->X->Y etc. So it's strongly connected. So we have a strongly connected graph with Σ max(0, out-in) = 2. According to the edge-disjoint trail decomposition formula, the minimum number of trails needed to partition the edges (each edge exactly once) would be 2. Can we cover all edges with a single walk if we allow repeating edges? Let's see if we can design a single walk that covers all 7 edges at least once. Since the graph is strongly connected, we can move around. The challenge is to cover all edges, especially the two outgoing edges from Y and Z? Actually, the edges are: X->Y, X->Z, Y->W, Z->W, W->X, Y->X, Z->X. We need to cover all. Can we do it in one walk? Let's try to construct. We need to start somewhere. Suppose we start at X. From X we have two outgoing edges: X->Y and X->Z. We can only take one initially. Let's take X->Y. Then we are at Y. From Y, we have Y->W and Y->X. We need to cover both eventually. If we take Y->W, we go to W. From W, we have W->X. Take W->X, back to X. Now we have covered X->Y, Y->W, W->X. Still need X->Z, Y->X, Z->W, Z->X. At X again, we can take X->Z. Then at Z, we have Z->W and Z->X. Take Z->W, then W->X again (but that's repeating). Then at X, we still need Y->X and Z->X? Actually, we haven't covered Y->X and Z->X. But we are at X, and we need to cover Y->X and Z->X. To cover Y->X, we need to be at Y and then go to X. But we are at X, not Y. We could go from X to Y again (repeat X->Y) then Y->X. That would cover Y->X. Similarly, for Z->X, we could go X->Z then Z->X. So we can do: after covering Z->W and W->X, we are at X. Then take X->Y (repeat), then Y->X (cover Y->X), then X->Z (repeat), then Z->X (cover Z->X). This walk covers all edges, with some repeats. So it seems possible with one walk. Let's write the full walk: X->Y (1), Y->W (2), W->X (3), X->Z (4), Z->W (5), W->X (6), X->Y (7), Y->X (8), X->Z (9), Z->X (10). That covers all edges: X->Y appears twice, but at least once; X->Z appears twice; Y->W once; Z->W once; W->X appears twice; Y->X once; Z->X once. So indeed, a single walk covers all edges. So the minimum number of walks is 1, not 2. But the sum of positive diffs is 2. So the formula Σ max(0, out-in) does not give the minimum number of walks when repetitions are allowed. It gives the minimum number of trails in an edge-disjoint decomposition (each edge exactly once). But we are allowed to repeat edges, so we can do better.

Thus, our earlier reduction to minimum flow in the condensation DAG might be more accurate. In the above example, the original graph is strongly connected, so its condensation is a single SCC. In that case, there are no inter-SCC edges. The SCC has internal edges, and it is isolated (no inter-SCC edges). According to our earlier reasoning, for an isolated SCC with internal edges, we need one walk. That matches the example (we needed 1 walk). The sum of positive diffs gave 2, which is not the answer. So our earlier thought that the answer might be max(1, sum of positive diffs) is incorrect when repetitions are allowed and the graph is strongly connected but unbalanced. So we need to compute the minimum number of walks correctly.

Let's re-evaluate the problem from scratch.

We have a directed graph G (vertices = letters, edges = product names). We need to construct a set of strings (walks) such that each edge appears as a substring at least once, and the walks only use allowed edges. We can repeat edges arbitrarily. We want to minimize the number of walks.

This is equivalent to covering all edges with walks (directed walks) that may repeat edges. The walks can start and end at any vertices. We want the minimum number of walks.

Observation: If the graph is strongly connected, we can cover all edges with a single walk. Is that always true? Let's test with a strongly connected graph that is not Eulerian. We just constructed an example where it worked. Is there any strongly connected graph where it's impossible to cover all edges with a single walk? Consider a strongly connected graph where there is a vertex with outdeg > indeg, and we need to cover all edges. Since the graph is strongly connected, we can always return to any vertex via some path. The issue might be that to cover an edge that leaves a vertex, we must be at that vertex. If we need to cover multiple outgoing edges from a vertex, we can do so by revisiting that vertex multiple times via cycles. Since the graph is strongly connected, we can always come back to that vertex after leaving it, by taking a path back. However, to come back, we need to use edges, which may include edges we haven't covered yet or already covered. That's fine. So it seems plausible that in a strongly connected directed graph, we can always design a single walk that covers all edges at least once. Let's attempt to prove: Given a strongly connected directed graph, there exists a closed walk that traverses every edge at least once. This is known as a "directed Chinese postman" problem, but that seeks the shortest closed walk covering all edges at least once, which always exists and can be found by adding duplicate edges to make the graph Eulerian. The minimum length walk exists, but existence is trivial: since the graph is strongly connected, you can start at any vertex, perform a depth-first traversal, using edges to explore, and whenever you get stuck (i.e., no unused outgoing edges from current vertex), you can backtrack along already traversed edges? But backtracking requires traversing edges in reverse direction, which is not allowed unless there are reverse edges. In a directed graph, you cannot traverse an edge backwards. So a depth-first search that uses each edge at least once and returns to start may not be possible if the graph is not Eulerian. However, you can still cover all edges by a walk that may repeat edges, but you might not be able to return to a vertex after leaving if there is no path back that uses only allowed edges? But strong connectivity ensures there is a directed path from any vertex to any other. So after leaving a vertex, you can always find a directed path back to it. However, that path may use edges that you haven't covered yet, which is fine, or edges you have covered, also fine. So you can always return. So you can design a walk that systematically covers all edges: start at some vertex, perform a DFS-like exploration, but when you need to go back to a vertex to explore other branches, you can take a path (which may involve new edges) back. This is similar to finding a spanning directed walk that covers all edges. I think it's always possible in a strongly connected directed graph. Let's try to construct algorithmically: Since the graph is strongly connected, there exists a directed spanning tree rooted at some vertex (an arborescence) that reaches all vertices. But covering all edges might require more. However, we can use the following: Consider an Eulerian trail in the multigraph obtained by duplicating some edges to balance the graph. Since the graph is strongly connected, we can always add duplicate edges along paths to balance it, resulting in an Eulerian directed multigraph. Then an Eulerian circuit exists, which is a closed walk that uses each original edge at least once (some may be used multiple times due to duplicates). This yields a single walk covering all edges. The duplicates correspond to traversing some edges extra times. So yes, a single walk exists. Therefore, for any strongly connected component (SCC) of the original graph, we can cover all its internal edges with a single walk, provided that SCC is strongly connected (by definition it is). However, if the SCC has outgoing edges to other SCCs, we might need to leave it to cover those inter-SCC edges, and we may not be able to return (since after leaving, we cannot come back if there is no path back). But if the SCC has outgoing edges, it's not a sink; it has outgoing inter-SCC edges. To cover those outgoing edges, we need to leave the SCC. After leaving, we cannot return (since no incoming edges from other SCCs? Actually, if it has outgoing edges, it might also have incoming edges from other SCCs? Possibly. But if it has both incoming and outgoing inter-SCC edges, then it's an intermediate SCC in the condensation. In that case, we can enter it via an incoming edge, cover internal edges, then leave via an outgoing edge, all in one walk. But if we start inside that SCC (without entering), we could cover internal edges and then leave via an outgoing edge, but then we cannot return to cover any other outgoing edges (if there are multiple). So to cover multiple outgoing edges from an SCC, we might need multiple walks that each leave via a different outgoing edge. However, if the SCC has incoming edges, we could also enter it via an incoming edge, cover internal edges, and then leave via an outgoing edge. But again, each walk can only leave once. So multiple outgoing edges require multiple walks that depart from that SCC. Those walks could start inside the SCC (if it's a source) or enter via an incoming edge (if it has incoming). But each such walk will consume one "departure" from the SCC. Similarly, multiple incoming edges require multiple walks that arrive at the SCC, each consuming one "arrival".

Thus, the problem reduces to covering the inter-SCC edges with walks that start and end at SCCs, with the constraint that each walk can use at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (the one it departs from) and at most one incoming edge to each SCC it visits (the one it arrives from). And we can cover internal edges of an SCC within any walk that visits it.

Therefore, the minimum number of walks is essentially the minimum number of paths in the condensation DAG that cover all inter-SCC edges, where a path can start at any SCC and end at any SCC, and can cover at most one edge from each SCC as outgoing and at most one as incoming. But since the condensation is a DAG, a path naturally has that property: it uses exactly one outgoing edge from each SCC it leaves, and exactly one incoming edge to each SCC it enters (except start and end). So the problem is: Given a DAG with multiple edges (parallel edges allowed), find the minimum number of directed paths such that every edge is included in at least one path.

This is exactly the problem of finding the minimum path cover in a DAG for edges, not vertices. This is similar to the "minimum number of chains to cover all edges" which can be solved via flow.

We can model this as a flow problem: Create a bipartite graph with left copies of SCCs (as tails) and right copies (as heads). For each inter-SCC edge from u to v, we have an edge from left u to right v. Then a path in the original DAG corresponds to a matching that links left nodes to right nodes sequentially. Actually, the classic minimum path cover for vertices in a DAG is solved by converting to bipartite matching. For edges, we need a similar concept.

Think of each walk as a sequence of inter-SCC edges: e1, e2, ..., ek, where the head of ei equals the tail of e_{i+1}. This is like linking edges together. So we can treat each inter-SCC edge as an item that needs to be assigned to a walk, and walks are formed by linking edges where the head of one matches the tail of the next. This is analogous to decomposing a set of edges into paths, which is equivalent to finding the minimum number of paths that cover all edges in a directed graph. This can be solved by considering the graph of edges as nodes, with a link if the head of one equals the tail of another. Then the minimum path cover in that line graph gives the answer. However, that might be complex.

But we can use flow on the original condensation with lower bounds. Let's formalize.

Let H be the condensation DAG (with vertices = SCCs). Let E be the set of inter-SCC edges (with multiplicities). We need to find a set of directed paths (each path is a sequence of vertices in H, with edges between consecutive vertices that exist in H) such that every edge in E is used by at least one path. Paths can share vertices and edges, but each edge must be covered at least once. We want to minimize the number of paths.

This is similar to the "minimum path cover" problem but for covering edges rather than vertices. There is a known transformation: For each vertex v in H, split it into v_in and v_out. For each original edge (u->v), create an edge from u_out to v_in with capacity infinite? Actually, we want to assign flows that represent how many paths go through that edge. Each path corresponds to a unit of flow from a source to a sink. The constraint that each edge must be covered at least once translates to a lower bound of 1 on the flow on that edge. We want to minimize the total flow (i.e., the number of paths). This is exactly the minimum flow problem with lower bounds.

So we can solve it as follows:

- Build a flow network with the same vertices as H.
- For each edge e from u to v, set lower bound l(e) = 1, upper bound = infinity (or a large number).
- We can add a super source S and super sink T. For each vertex v, we can allow flow to start at v (i.e., inject flow) and end at v (absorb flow). This is equivalent to having edges from S to v with capacity infinity (or large) and from v to T with capacity infinity, but we need to minimize the total flow from S to T. However, we also need to enforce flow conservation at each vertex: inflow + injection = outflow + absorption. In standard flow with lower bounds, we can convert to a circulation with lower bounds by adding an edge from T to S with lower bound 0 and upper bound infinity, and then we want to minimize the flow on that edge (which equals the total flow from S to T). Alternatively, we can formulate as a min-cost flow with cost 1 on edges from S to vertices and from vertices to T? But we just need the minimum feasible flow value.

A standard method for minimum flow with lower bounds: We can first find a feasible flow satisfying lower bounds (if exists) by converting to a circulation with demands. Then we can minimize the flow value by reducing flow on cycles or by binary search on the total flow. However, since the graph is a DAG and lower bounds are 1, there is always a feasible flow (just send one unit on each edge independently, but that would violate conservation). We need to satisfy conservation at vertices. The total imbalance of the graph (sum of (outgoing lower bounds - incoming lower bounds) over vertices) must be zero for a circulation, but we can add external inflow/outflow. So we can compute the minimum additional flow needed to satisfy conservation.

Let's define for each vertex v, let d(v) = sum of lower bounds on outgoing edges minus sum of lower bounds on incoming edges. If we send exactly the lower bound flow on each edge, then at vertex v, net outflow = out_lower(v) - in_lower(v) = d(v). To satisfy flow conservation (inflow = outflow), we need to inject -d(v) if d(v) is negative (i.e., supply) or extract d(v) if positive? Actually, if we have a flow that satisfies lower bounds and conservation, then for each vertex, inflow = outflow. If we start with flow = lower bounds on each edge, then the net outflow at v is d(v). To balance, we need to add additional flow (maybe from external source) to compensate. Specifically, if d(v) > 0, we have excess outflow, so we need to inject additional inflow of d(v) (i.e., send flow into v from super source) to balance. If d(v) < 0, we have excess inflow, so we need to send out d(v) from v to super sink. The total additional flow we need to inject from super source is sum_{v: d(v)>0} d(v). This is the minimum flow value required to make the lower bounds feasible, assuming we can route the additional flow arbitrarily through the network (using edges with extra capacity). However, we also want to minimize the total flow (which includes the lower bound flows plus additional flows). But note that the lower bound flows are fixed; they must be at least 1. The total flow value (from sources to sinks) is the amount of flow that originates from the super source (or total injection). That total injection equals sum_{v: d(v)>0} d(v) plus possibly additional flow if we choose to send more than necessary? But we want to minimize the total flow, so we would send exactly the minimum needed to balance the lower bounds, i.e., we would set the flow on each edge to exactly its lower bound plus possibly some extra to route the balancing flow. However, the extra flow will increase the flow on some edges beyond the lower bound. The total flow value (from super source) will be sum_{v: d(v)>0} d(v) if we can route the balancing flow without increasing the total injection beyond that. But is that always possible? Let's analyze.

We have a DAG H. For each edge, we have lower bound 1. If we set flow f(e) = 1 for all edges, then at each vertex v, net outflow = out_deg(v) - in_deg(v) = d(v). To satisfy conservation, we need to add external supply/demand. Specifically, we need to send flow into vertices with d(v) > 0? Wait, if d(v) > 0, that means outflow > inflow when f=1. To balance, we need to increase inflow or decrease outflow. Since we cannot decrease outflow below 1 (lower bound), we must increase inflow by adding extra flow into v from somewhere (like from super source). Similarly, if d(v) < 0, we have excess inflow, so we need to send out extra flow from v to super sink. So we need to add a circulation of extra flow that satisfies: for each vertex v, extra inflow - extra outflow = -d(v) (to bring net to zero). This is a standard feasible flow problem with supplies/demands. The total extra flow from super source to super sink will be sum_{v: d(v)>0} d(v) (which equals sum_{v: d(v)<0} -d(v)). This is the minimum additional flow needed to balance, because we must at least compensate the imbalance. However, can we always route this extra flow through the network using existing edges (with possibly additional capacity) without creating cycles that would require more flow? Since H is a DAG, we can always route flow from sources (vertices with positive d) to sinks (vertices with negative d) along paths. The extra flow will increase the flow on edges along those paths. The total extra flow value is exactly the sum of positive d(v). This is the minimum possible total flow from super source to super sink, because any feasible flow must satisfy that the net outflow from the set of vertices with positive d is at least sum positive d (by conservation). So the minimum total flow value is at least sum_{v: d(v)>0} d(v). And we can achieve it by sending exactly that amount along paths from positive d vertices to negative d vertices, using any available paths. Since the graph is a DAG and there is a path from any vertex with positive d to any vertex with negative d? Not necessarily; the condensation DAG may not have paths from a particular source to a particular sink. However, to satisfy the demands, we need to route flow from vertices with surplus (d>0) to vertices with deficit (d<0). If there is no path from a surplus vertex to a deficit vertex, then we cannot balance using only the existing edges; we would need to create new paths? But we can't add edges. In that case, the lower bounds alone may be infeasible with any flow that respects conservation? But we are allowed to start and end walks at any vertices, which corresponds to injecting flow at start vertices and absorbing at end vertices. In the flow model, we are allowed to have external inflow/outflow at any vertex. So if there is a surplus vertex (d>0), we need to inject flow into it? Actually, recall: with f(e)=1, net outflow = d(v). To achieve conservation, we need to add extra inflow of d(v) if d(v)>0, or extra outflow of -d(v) if d(v)<0. That extra inflow can come from the super source, and extra outflow goes to super sink. This does not require paths between surplus and deficit vertices; it's just that we are adding external flow directly to those vertices. In the flow network with super source S and super sink T, we add edges from S to each vertex with capacity infinite (or large) and from each vertex to T with capacity infinite. Then we can send flow from S to surplus vertices (to provide inflow) and from deficit vertices to T (to absorb outflow). However, we also need to ensure that the flow that leaves S and enters T is balanced overall. The flow from S to a surplus vertex v provides the needed inflow to v. But then that flow must eventually reach T through the network? Actually, in a standard flow formulation with source S and sink T, we have edges from S to vertices and from vertices to T. The flow from S to v goes into v, then must leave v via its outgoing edges (or go to T). But if we send flow from S to v, that increases inflow at v. To satisfy conservation at v, we must also increase outflow from v correspondingly (unless we also send flow from v to T). However, we can also send flow from v to T directly, which would count as outflow from v to T, balancing the inflow from S. So one way to balance is: For a vertex with d(v)>0, we need extra inflow of d(v). We can achieve that by sending d(v) units from S to v, and also sending d(v) units from v to T? That would increase both inflow and outflow by d(v), but net outflow would still be d(v) from the base flow? Let's be systematic.

We have a flow network with original edges (with lower bounds) and additional edges from S to each vertex and from each vertex to T, with capacity infinite and no lower bounds. We want to find a flow that satisfies lower bounds on original edges, and we want to minimize the total flow from S to T (i.e., the value of the flow). The flow from S to T goes through the network: S -> some vertices -> ... -> some vertices -> T. The flow that goes from S to a vertex v and then directly to T would be a path S->v->T, which would contribute to the total flow value but wouldn't help satisfy conservation at v with respect to the original edges? Actually, we need to ensure that at each vertex v, flow conservation holds considering all edges (including S and T edges). The flow from S to v adds to inflow; flow from v to T adds to outflow. So we can use these to adjust imbalances.

Let f be the flow on original edges (>= lower bound). Let a_v be flow from S to v, and b_v be flow from v to T. Then conservation at v is: sum_{u} f(u->v) + a_v = sum_{w} f(v->w) + b_v. Rearranged: (sum f(v->w) - sum f(u->v)) = a_v - b_v. The left side is net outflow from v via original edges. So a_v - b_v = net_out_original(v). We want to minimize total flow value F = sum_v a_v (which equals sum_v b_v, since total out of S equals total into T). Given net_out_original(v) (which depends on f), we can choose a_v and b_v to satisfy a_v - b_v = net_out_original(v). To minimize F = sum a_v, we would set for vertices with net_out_original(v) > 0, we can set a_v = net_out_original(v), b_v = 0 (since we need a_v - b_v = positive). For vertices with net_out_original(v) < 0, we set a_v = 0, b_v = -net_out_original(v). For vertices with net_out_original(v)=0, we can set a_v = b_v = 0. Then F = sum_{v: net_out_original(v)>0} net_out_original(v). This is the minimum possible total flow from S to T given the flow f on original edges, because any other assignment would increase sum a_v (since if net_out>0, a_v must be at least net_out; if net_out<0, a_v could be positive but then b_v would be larger, increasing sum a_v). So the minimal total flow for a given f is F(f) = sum_{v} max(0, net_out_original(v)).

Now, we can choose f(e) >= 1 (integer) to minimize F(f). We want to minimize F(f). Since F(f) depends on net_out_original(v) = out_f(v) - in_f(v), where out_f(v) = sum_{e from v} f(e), in_f(v) = sum_{e to v} f(e). And we have lower bounds: f(e) >= 1. We can increase f(e) beyond 1 to adjust net_out values. The goal is to minimize sum of positive net_out.

This is reminiscent of the problem of finding a flow that minimizes the sum of positive excesses, which is equivalent to finding a feasible flow with minimum total supply. This can be transformed to a min-cost flow problem where we assign cost 1 to flow from S to vertices (or to the total flow value). Alternatively, we can think of it as: we want to make the graph as balanced as possible by adding extra copies of edges (increasing flow on some edges) to reduce the total positive net_out. Because if we increase flow on an edge from u to v, that increases out_f(u) by 1 and in_f(v) by 1, thus increasing net_out(u) by 1 and decreasing net_out(v) by 1 (since net_out(v) = out_f(v)-in_f(v), in_f(v) increases, so net_out(v) decreases). So adding flow on an edge can shift one unit of excess from u to v. Our objective is to minimize the sum of positive net_out after we have satisfied lower bounds.

Initially, set f(e)=1 for all edges. Compute net_out0(v) = out_deg(v) - in_deg(v) (where out_deg and in_deg are counts of inter-SCC edges, i.e., number of edges from/to v). Let P0 = sum_{v} max(0, net_out0(v)). This is the total positive excess. If we add extra flow on some edges, we can reduce P0 by transferring excess from vertices with positive net_out to vertices with negative net_out. Each unit of extra flow on edge u->v reduces net_out(u) by 1? Wait, adding one unit of flow on edge u->v increases out_f(u) by 1, so net_out(u) increases by 1? Actually, net_out(u) = out_f(u) - in_f(u). Increasing out_f(u) by 1 increases net_out(u) by 1. That's opposite of what we want if u has positive net_out. We want to reduce positive net_out. So adding flow on an edge from u to v would increase net_out(u) (making it more positive) and decrease net_out(v) (since in_f(v) increases, net_out(v) decreases). That seems to worsen the imbalance. To reduce positive net_out at u, we would need to increase in_f(u) or decrease out_f(u). But we cannot decrease out_f(u) below 1 (lower bound). We can increase in_f(u) by adding flow on edges coming into u. That would increase net_out(u) negatively? Actually, increasing in_f(u) reduces net_out(u) because net_out = out - in. So to reduce a positive net_out at u, we need to add flow on edges entering u. Similarly, to reduce a negative net_out (deficit) at v, we need to add flow on edges leaving v (which increases out_f(v), making net_out(v) less negative). So the extra flow should be directed from vertices with surplus (positive net_out) to vertices with deficit (negative net_out) along paths, but the direction of flow matters: If we send extra flow from a surplus vertex u to a deficit vertex v, we need to increase out_f(u) and in_f(v). That would increase net_out(u) (bad) and decrease net_out(v) (good if v is negative, decreasing makes it more negative? Wait, if v has negative net_out (i.e., in > out), we want to increase net_out(v) towards zero. Increasing in_f(v) makes net_out(v) even more negative (since in increases). That's opposite. Let's recalc carefully.

Define for a vertex v, let excess E(v) = out_f(v) - in_f(v). If E(v) > 0, we have surplus outflow; to balance, we need to add inflow (increase in_f) or reduce outflow. If E(v) < 0, we have deficit (more inflow than outflow); to balance, we need to add outflow (increase out_f) or reduce inflow.

In the flow with super source/sink, we will inject flow at vertices with E(v) > 0? Actually, from earlier, we set a_v = max(0, E(v)) and b_v = max(0, -E(v)). Then total flow F = sum a_v = sum_{E(v)>0} E(v). So we want to minimize sum of positive E(v).

We can adjust f(e) (increase beyond 1) to change E(v). Adding one unit of flow on edge u->v changes E(u) by +1 (since out_f(u) increases) and E(v) by -1 (since in_f(v) increases). So it increases E(u) and decreases E(v). Therefore, to reduce the sum of positive E, we would like to transfer from vertices with positive E to vertices with negative E, but the operation increases E(u) and decreases E(v). If u has positive E, increasing it makes it more positive, which is bad. If v has negative E, decreasing it makes it more negative, also bad. So adding flow on an edge seems to worsen the imbalance. However, if we add flow on a path from a vertex with negative E to a vertex with positive E, then along the path, the net effect on the start (negative) would be: increasing out_f(start) -> E(start) increases (becomes less negative, good). For the end (positive), increasing in_f(end) -> E(end) decreases (becomes less positive, good). For intermediate vertices, the effects cancel (in and out both increase by 1). So adding flow along a path from a deficit vertex to a surplus vertex can reduce the sum of absolute excesses. More precisely, if we have a vertex a with E(a) < 0 and vertex b with E(b) > 0, and there is a directed path from a to b, then sending one unit of flow along that path will increase out_f(a) by 1 (so E(a) increases by 1, moving towards zero) and increase in_f(b) by 1 (so E(b) decreases by 1, moving towards zero). The intermediate vertices have both in and out increased by 1, so E unchanged. So this reduces sum of positive E by 1 (since E(b) decreases by 1) and reduces sum of negative E magnitude by 1 (since E(a) increases by 1). The total sum of positive E decreases by 1. So the minimum sum of positive E is achieved when we cannot find such a path from a deficit to a surplus vertex. That is, when all surplus vertices are not reachable from deficit vertices in the DAG. In that case, we cannot reduce the sum further.

Thus, the minimum possible sum of positive E (which equals the minimum total flow F) is equal to the sum of positive E after we have maximally reduced it by sending flow along paths from deficit vertices to surplus vertices. This is essentially the sum of positive E in the "residual" after canceling flow from deficit to surplus along available paths.

This is analogous to the concept of "minimum flow with lower bounds" where the minimum flow value equals the maximum flow in a certain auxiliary network? Actually, there is a known result: The minimum flow in a network with lower bounds can be found by first finding a feasible flow (by satisfying lower bounds with a circulation) and then minimizing the flow value by reducing flow on cycles from source to sink. But here we have a DAG and we want to minimize the flow from super source to super sink. The minimum flow value is equal to the maximum of something like the total demand that cannot be satisfied internally? Let's derive.

Let H be the condensation DAG. Compute for each vertex v: d(v) = out_deg(v) - in_deg(v) (using counts of inter-SCC edges). Note: out_deg and in_deg here are the numbers of inter-SCC edges (counting multiplicities). This is the net excess if we send exactly one unit on each edge. Now, we can add extra flow on edges to shift excess from vertices with d(v) > 0 to vertices with d(v) < 0, but only along directed paths. The maximum amount we can reduce the sum of positive d(v) is limited by the capacity to send flow from deficit vertices to surplus vertices? Wait, we want to reduce sum of positive d(v). Initially, sum positive = S = sum_{d(v)>0} d(v). We can reduce it by sending flow from vertices with d(v) < 0 to vertices with d(v) > 0 along paths. Each unit of such flow reduces the positive sum by 1. The maximum possible reduction is limited by the total "deficit" sum D = sum_{d(v)<0} -d(v) (which equals S initially, because total sum of d(v) over all vertices is 0). However, we may not be able to transfer all deficit to surplus because of connectivity constraints: we can only transfer along directed paths from a deficit vertex to a surplus vertex. If there is no path from a particular deficit vertex to any surplus vertex, then its deficit cannot be offset, and the corresponding surplus cannot be reduced. So the minimum achievable sum of positive d(v) after optimal extra flow is equal to the sum of positive d(v) over vertices that are in the "source side" of a cut that separates deficit from surplus? More formally, consider the condensation DAG. We have vertices with d(v) > 0 (surplus) and d(v) < 0 (deficit). We can send flow from deficit to surplus along paths. This is like we have a flow network where each edge has infinite capacity (since we can add as much extra flow as we want). We want to maximize the amount of flow that can be sent from deficit vertices (sources) to surplus vertices (sinks), but note that deficit vertices have negative d, meaning they need to increase outflow (or reduce inflow) to balance; they can act as sources of extra flow? Actually, in the reduction, we send flow from a deficit vertex (which has E < 0) to a surplus vertex (E > 0). The deficit vertex can increase its outflow (by sending extra flow out), which increases its E (making it less negative). The surplus vertex can increase its inflow (by receiving extra flow), which decreases its E (making it less positive). So we can model deficit vertices as having supply -d(v) (since they can send out up to -d(v) units to reduce their deficit), and surplus vertices as having demand d(v) (they can receive up to d(v) units to reduce their surplus). The edges of the DAG can carry any amount of extra flow (since we can add multiple units). The question is: what is the maximum amount of "deficit-to-surplus" flow we can send? That maximum flow value will reduce the sum of positive d(v) from S to S - flow. So the minimum sum of positive d(v) after optimal extra flow is S - max_flow, where max_flow is the maximum flow from the set of deficit vertices (with supply) to the set of surplus vertices (with demand) in the DAG, considering infinite capacities on edges.

But careful: The deficit vertices have supply -d(v) (they can send out that much), and surplus vertices have demand d(v) (they can receive that much). The edges have infinite capacity. We want to maximize the flow from deficit to surplus. This is a multi-source multi-sink max flow problem on a DAG. Since the graph is a DAG and edges have infinite capacity, the max flow is limited by the total supply and total demand, but also by connectivity. The maximum flow equals the minimum cut separating deficit from surplus? Actually, by max-flow min-cut, it's the minimum capacity of a cut that separates the sources from the sinks. Since edges have infinite capacity, any cut that separates deficit side from surplus side would have infinite capacity unless it cuts through source/sink capacities? But we have source and sink nodes with limited supply/demand. In such a formulation, we can add a super source connected to each deficit vertex with capacity -d(v), and a super sink connected from each surplus vertex with capacity d(v). Then edges between vertices have infinite capacity. Then the max flow from super source to super sink is limited by the sum of supplies and also by any bottlenecks in the graph. Since edges have infinite capacity, the only bottlenecks are the source and sink capacities themselves, and possibly if the graph is disconnected. However, if there is a cut that separates some deficit vertices from some surplus vertices because there is no path, then the flow cannot cross that cut. But since edges have infinite capacity, the cut capacity would be infinite if it includes any edge? Wait, in max flow, the capacity of a cut is the sum of capacities of edges from the source side to the sink side. If we have infinite capacity on internal edges, then any cut that includes such an edge would have infinite capacity, thus not limiting. The only finite capacities are on the edges from super source to deficit vertices and from surplus vertices to super sink. So the max flow would be min(total supply, total demand) if the graph is such that every deficit vertex can reach some surplus vertex? But if there is a deficit vertex that cannot reach any surplus vertex, then flow from that deficit vertex cannot reach the super sink, so its supply cannot be used. In the flow network, that would be reflected by the fact that there is no path from that deficit vertex to any surplus vertex, thus from super source to that deficit vertex to ... to super sink is impossible. So the max flow would be limited by the total supply of deficit vertices that can reach surplus vertices. Similarly, surplus vertices that cannot be reached from any deficit vertex cannot receive flow. So the max flow equals the sum of supplies of deficit vertices that are in the "reachability" set to surplus vertices, but also limited by demands of reachable surplus vertices.

Thus, the minimum sum of positive d(v) after optimal extra flow is S - max_flow, where max_flow is the maximum amount of deficit that can be transferred to surplus via directed paths.

But is this equivalent to something simpler? Perhaps the minimum number of walks equals the number of sources in the condensation after contracting some parts? Let's test with examples.

Example 1: Diamond: vertices A (out2,in0), B (out1,in1), C (out1,in1), D (out0,in2). d(A)=2, d(B)=0, d(C)=0, d(D)=-2. S = 2. Deficit vertices: D with supply 2. Surplus vertices: A with demand 2. Is there a path from D to A? D has no outgoing edges (sink), so no path from D to A. So max_flow = 0. Thus min sum positive = 2. So F = 2. That matches minimum walks = 2.

Example 2: Two sources, one sink (A,B sources, CD sink). d(A)=1, d(B)=1, d(CD)=-2. S=2. Deficit: CD supply 2. Surplus: A demand 1, B demand 1. Are there paths from CD to A or B? CD is sink, no outgoing edges, so no path. max_flow=0 => min sum positive=2 => F=2. Matches.

Example 3: One source, two sinks (S->A, S->B). d(S)=2, d(A)=-1, d(B)=-1. S=2. Deficit: A supply1, B supply1. Surplus: S demand2. Are there paths from A or B to S? A and B are sinks, no outgoing edges, so no path. max_flow=0 => F=2. Matches.

Example 4: Two sources, two sinks fully connected (S1->T1, S1->T2, S2->T1, S2->T2). d(S1)=2, d(S2)=2, d(T1)=-2, d(T2)=-2. S=4. Deficit: T1 supply2, T2 supply2. Surplus: S1 demand2, S2 demand2. Are there paths from T1 or T2 to S1 or S2? T1 and T2 are sinks, no outgoing edges, so no path. max_flow=0 => F=4. Matches.

Example 5: The strongly connected SCC with internal edges only (no inter-SCC edges). Then condensation has one vertex with d=0 (since out_deg=in_deg=0). S=0. So F=0? But we need at least one walk to cover internal edges. So we need to add 1 for isolated SCCs. So total walks = max(1, F) for that component? Actually, if there are no inter-SCC edges, the flow model gives F=0, but we need at least 1 walk. So we need to add 1 for each such SCC that has internal edges (i.e., the SCC itself has at least one edge). More generally, if the condensation has multiple isolated SCCs (each with no inter-SCC edges), each requires its own walk. So total walks = F + (number of isolated SCCs with internal edges). But careful: If there is a single SCC with internal edges and no inter-SCC edges, F=0, we add 1 => total 1. If there are multiple such SCCs, each needs its own walk, so total = number of such SCCs. That matches.

Now, what about a mixed case where there are inter-SCC edges and also some SCCs with no inter-SCC edges? Those isolated SCCs are separate components in the condensation (they have no edges to/from others). They will have d=0. In the flow model, they contribute nothing to F, but we need a walk for each. So we add them.

Now, consider a more complex DAG where there are both surplus and deficit vertices with paths between them. For example, consider a DAG: A -> B -> C, with edges: A->B (1), B->C (1). Also suppose there is an extra edge from A->C? That would be two edges from A to C? Let's design a case where there is a deficit vertex that can reach a surplus vertex. For instance, take vertices: X (surplus), Y (deficit), with an edge X->Y? That would give d(X) positive? Let's compute: Suppose we have edges: X->Y (1), and also X->Z (1), and Z->Y (1). Let's assign: X has out 2, in 0 => d=2. Y has in 2 (from X and Z), out 0 => d=-2. Z has out 1 (to Y), in 1 (from X) => d=0. So surplus X=2, deficit Y=2. Is there a path from Y to X? Y has no outgoing edges, so no. So cannot transfer. To have a path from deficit to surplus, we need a deficit vertex that has outgoing edges leading to surplus. That would mean the deficit vertex is not a sink; it has outflow. But if a vertex has deficit (d<0), that means indeg > outdeg, so it could still have outgoing edges. For example, consider: A->B, B->C, C->A? That's a cycle, but that would be SCC. In a DAG, no cycles. So in a DAG, if a vertex has d<0, it means indeg > outdeg. It could still have outgoing edges. For instance, a vertex with indeg 2, outdeg 1 => d=-1. It has one outgoing edge. That outgoing edge goes to some other vertex. Could that other vertex be a surplus vertex? Possibly. So we can have a deficit vertex that can send flow to a surplus vertex. Let's construct a simple DAG: vertices: P (surplus), Q (deficit), and maybe others. Let edges: P->Q (1), Q->R (1), R->S (1), and also P->S (1). Let's compute degrees: P: out: to Q and S =>2, in:0 => d=2 (surplus). Q: in:1 (from P), out:1 (to R) => d=0. R: in:1 (from Q), out:1 (to S) => d=0. S: in:2 (from R and P), out:0 => d=-2 (deficit). So surplus P=2, deficit S=2. Is there a path from S to P? S has no outgoing, so no. So still no.

To have a deficit vertex that can reach surplus, we need a vertex with d<0 that has an outgoing path to a vertex with d>0. Since d>0 vertices are sources (indeg=0) or have more out than in. In a DAG, sources have indeg=0. A deficit vertex has indeg > outdeg, so it must have at least one incoming edge. It could also have outgoing edges. For it to reach a surplus vertex, there must be a directed path from it to a surplus vertex. That would imply that the surplus vertex is reachable from the deficit vertex. But if the surplus vertex is a source (indeg=0), it cannot be reached from any other vertex because that would give it an incoming edge. So surplus vertices in a DAG are not necessarily sources; they could have indeg>0 but still have outdeg>indeg. For example, a vertex with indeg 1, outdeg 2 => d=1 (surplus). It has incoming edges, so it can be reached from other vertices. So a deficit vertex could have a path to such a surplus vertex. Let's construct an example.

Take vertices: A, B, C. Edges: A->B (1), B->C (1), and also A->C (1). Compute degrees: A: out=2 (AB, AC), in=0 => d=2 (surplus). B: out=1 (BC), in=1 (AB) => d=0. C: out=0, in=2 (BC, AC) => d=-2 (deficit). Surplus A, deficit C. No path from C to A because C has no outgoing. So not good.

We need a deficit vertex with outgoing edges. Let's add an edge from C to somewhere that eventually leads to a surplus vertex. But if C has an outgoing edge, its outdeg becomes at least 1, so its d might become less negative. Let's design: vertices: X, Y, Z. Edges: X->Y (1), Y->Z (1), Z->X? That would create a cycle, not DAG. So we need acyclic. Let's try: A->B (1), B->C (1), C->D (1), D->E (1). Also add edges: A->C (1), B->E (1). Compute degrees: A: out: AB, AC =>2, in:0 => d=2 (surplus). B: out: BC, BE =>2, in:1 (AB) => d=1 (surplus? Actually out2-in1=1 => surplus). C: out: CD =>1, in:2 (AC, BC) => d=-1 (deficit). D: out: DE =>1, in:1 (CD) => d=0. E: out:0, in:2 (BE, DE) => d=-2 (deficit). So surplus: A(2), B(1). Deficit: C(1), E(2). Now, is there a path from C to A or B? C->D->E, that's it, no path to A or B. From E, no outgoing. So still no.

We need a deficit vertex that can reach a surplus vertex. Since the graph is a DAG, any path follows direction. If a vertex has d<0, it has more incoming than outgoing. It could still have outgoing edges. For it to reach a surplus vertex, there must be a path from it to a vertex with d>0. That surplus vertex must have indegree >0 (since it's reachable). So it's possible. Example: Consider a graph: A->B, B->C, and also D->B, and D->C. Let's compute: A: out1, in0 => d=1 (surplus). B: in from A and D =>2, out to C =>1 => d=-1 (deficit). C: in from B and D? Actually D->C, so C in2, out0 => d=-2 (deficit). D: out2 (to B and C), in0 => d=2 (surplus). So surplus: A(1), D(2). Deficit: B(1), C(2). Now, can B reach A? B->C, no. Can B reach D? No. Can C reach anyone? No. So still no.

We need a deficit vertex that has an outgoing edge to a surplus vertex. That would require an edge from a deficit vertex to a surplus vertex. But if there is an edge from deficit to surplus, then the surplus vertex gets an incoming edge, so its indeg increases, potentially reducing its surplus. But it could still be surplus if outdeg - indeg >0. Let's try: A (surplus) has indeg>0? Suppose we have edge X->A, where X is deficit. Then A's indeg increases, so its d decreases. But we can still have d(A)>0 if outdeg is sufficiently larger. So possible.

Construct: vertices: A, B. Edges: B->A (1), and also A->B? That would be a cycle, not DAG. So need acyclic. So we can have A->C, B->A, B->C. Let's compute: A: out: A->C (1), in: from B (1) => d=0. Not surplus. Need A surplus, so A out > in. Add more outgoing from A: A->D, etc. Let's try: A->C, A->D, B->A, B->C. Then A: out2, in1 => d=1 (surplus). B: out2 (to A and C), in0 => d=2 (surplus). C: in from A and B =>2, out0 => d=-2 (deficit). D: in from A =>1, out0 => d=-1 (deficit). Now, is there a path from C or D to A or B? C has no outgoing, D none. So no.

To have a deficit vertex with outgoing edge to surplus, we need a deficit vertex that is not a sink. That means it has outdeg>0. But if it has outdeg>0, then its d = out - in. For it to be deficit (d<0), we need in > out. So it must have at least one incoming edge more than outgoing. It could still have outgoing edges. For it to have a path to a surplus vertex, it must have an outgoing edge that eventually leads to surplus. So we need a vertex like: in=2, out=1 => d=-1, and that one outgoing edge goes to a vertex that eventually leads to a surplus vertex. But if that outgoing edge goes to a vertex that is also deficit or neutral, we need a chain. Ultimately, we need a directed path from the deficit vertex to a surplus vertex. Since the graph is acyclic, such a path would imply that the surplus vertex is downstream from the deficit vertex. That is possible if the surplus vertex has indegree from that path. So the surplus vertex would have at least one incoming edge from the deficit side. That's okay.

Let's construct a concrete example:

Vertices: X, Y, Z.
Edges: X->Y (1), Y->Z (1), Z->W (1), and also X->Z (1), and maybe others to create surplus/deficit.
We need to compute d. Let's assign edges: X->Y, X->Z, Y->Z, Z->W. That's 4 edges. Compute: X: out=2, in=0 => d=2 (surplus). Y: out=1 (Y->Z), in=1 (X->Y) => d=0. Z: out=1 (Z->W), in=2 (X->Z, Y->Z) => d=-1 (deficit). W: out=0, in=1 (Z->W) => d=-1 (deficit). Surplus X=2, deficit Z=1, W=1. Is there a path from Z to X? Z->W, no. From W to X? no. So no.

Add an edge from Z to X? That would create a cycle, not allowed in DAG. So to have a path from deficit to surplus, the surplus must be downstream of deficit. But if deficit is upstream of surplus, then there is a path from deficit to surplus. That would mean deficit -> ... -> surplus. In that case, the deficit vertex has an outgoing path to surplus, so it's not a sink. That's possible if the deficit vertex has outdeg>0. But then its d is negative, meaning indeg > outdeg. It can still have outgoing edges. For example, consider: A->B, B->C, C->D, and also D->? Actually, we want a deficit vertex that can reach a surplus vertex. Let's try: A (surplus) with out>in. Suppose we have edges: B->A (so A gets indeg), and B->C, and C->A. That's a cycle B->C->A->? Actually A->? We need DAG, so no cycles. So we need acyclic. If B->A and C->A, then A has indeg from B and C. To have A surplus, A must have outdeg > indeg. So A must have outgoing edges to somewhere else, say A->D. So edges: B->A, C->A, A->D. Also maybe B->C? That would be B->C, C->A, which is a path B->C->A, okay. Let's compute: B: out: to A and C =>2, in:0 => d=2 (surplus). C: out: to A =>1, in: from B =>1 => d=0. A: out: to D =>1, in: from B and C =>2 => d=-1 (deficit). D: out:0, in:1 => d=-1 (deficit). Surplus B=2, deficit A=1, D=1. Is there a path from A to B? A->D, no. From D to B? no. So no.

We need deficit vertex that can reach surplus. So surplus must be downstream of deficit. That means there is a directed path from deficit to surplus. Since the graph is acyclic, that implies the deficit vertex appears before the surplus vertex in topological order. But if deficit has d<0, it has more incoming than outgoing. It could still be early in the order. Surplus with d>0 could be later. So it's possible. Example: vertices in order: 1,2,3. Edges: 1->2, 2->3, and also 1->3. Compute: 1: out2, in0 => d=2 (surplus). 2: out1, in1 => d=0. 3: out0, in2 => d=-2 (deficit). Here deficit (3) cannot reach surplus (1) because direction is opposite. So to have deficit reach surplus, we need an edge from a later vertex to an earlier vertex? That would be a back edge, creating a cycle. So in a DAG, all edges go from earlier to later in topological order. Therefore, if there is a path from vertex u to vertex v, then u comes before v in topological order. So if u is deficit and v is surplus, then u comes before v. That means deficit vertices are earlier, surplus later. But can a vertex that comes earlier be deficit? Deficit means indeg > outdeg. For an early vertex, it could have many incoming edges from even earlier vertices? But if it's early, there may not be many earlier vertices to give it incoming edges. Typically, sources (no incoming) are early and have d>0. Deficit vertices tend to be sinks (no outgoing) which are late. So in a DAG, it's typical that surplus vertices are sources (early) and deficit vertices are sinks (late). However, it's possible to have a vertex that is neither source nor sink but has d>0 or d<0. For instance, a vertex with indeg 2, outdeg 1 => d=-1 (deficit) and it is not a sink because it has an outgoing edge. Such a vertex would be somewhere in the middle. It could have a path to a later vertex that is surplus? But if it has d<0, it has more incoming than outgoing, so it might have many incoming edges from earlier vertices and one outgoing to a later vertex. That later vertex could be surplus if its outdeg > indeg. Is that possible? Let's try to construct: vertices: A (early), B (middle), C (late). Edges: A->B (maybe multiple), B->C, and also A->C, and maybe others. Let's assign: A->B (2 edges? but we can have parallel edges). To have B deficit, we need indeg(B) > outdeg(B). Suppose indeg(B)=3, outdeg(B)=1. So B has one outgoing edge to C. Then B's d = 1-3 = -2 (deficit). C could be surplus if outdeg(C) > indeg(C). Suppose C has outdeg=2, indeg=1? But indeg(C) includes from B and maybe from A. If B->C is one edge, and A->C is one edge, then indeg(C)=2. To have surplus, outdeg(C) must be >2. So give C outgoing edges to D, etc. But then C would have outdeg> indeg, so d>0. So C is surplus. Now, is there a path from B to C? Yes, B->C. So deficit B can reach surplus C. Also, A is likely surplus (since it has outdeg>indeg). So we have a deficit vertex B that can send flow to surplus C. Let's compute concrete numbers.

Let vertices: A, B, C, D.
Edges:
- A->B (2 edges) [so two parallel edges from A to B]
- A->C (1 edge)
- B->C (1 edge)
- C->D (2 edges)
- C->? maybe also C->E? but we have D as sink? Let's just use D as sink.

Now count edges:
A: out: 2 (to B) +1 (to C) =3, in:0 => d=3 (surplus)
B: in: from A (2) =>2, out: to C (1) =>1 => d=-1 (deficit)
C: in: from A (1) + from B (1) =2, out: to D (2) =>2 => d=0? Actually out=2, in=2 => d=0.
D: in: from C (2) =>2, out:0 => d=-2 (deficit)

We have surplus A=3, deficit B=1, D=2. But C is balanced. Is there a path from B to A? No. From B to C? Yes, B->C. But C is not surplus (d=0). From B to D? B->C->D, so B can reach D, but D is deficit, not surplus. So deficit B can only reach deficit D, not surplus. To have deficit reach surplus, we need a surplus vertex downstream of B. So we need C to be surplus. Let's adjust to make C surplus: increase outdeg(C) or reduce indeg(C). For instance, add another outgoing edge from C to somewhere else, say C->E, and ensure E is sink or something. But then indeg(C) stays 2, outdeg becomes 3 => d=1 (surplus). Then C is surplus. Now we have surplus A=3, C=1; deficit B=1, D? D still deficit? D: in from C (2) maybe plus from? Actually if we add C->E, D might still get from C? Let's redesign clearly.

Let's define vertices: A, B, C, D, E.
Edges:
- A->B (2)
- A->C (1)
- B->C (1)
- C->D (2)
- C->E (1)   // so C out=3
- D and E have no outgoing.

Now compute:
A: out=3, in=0 => d=3 (surplus)
B: in=2 (from A), out=1 (to C) => d=-1 (deficit)
C: in=2 (A->C, B->C), out=3 (C->D (2), C->E (1)) => d=1 (surplus)
D: in=2 (from C), out=0 => d=-2 (deficit)
E: in=1 (from C), out=0 => d=-1 (deficit)

So surplus: A(3), C(1). Deficit: B(1), D(2), E(1). Now, can deficit B reach surplus C? Yes, B->C. Can deficit D reach surplus? D has no outgoing, so no. Can deficit E reach surplus? no. So we have some deficit that can reach surplus.

Now, initial S = sum positive d = 3+1=4. Total deficit magnitude = 1+2+1=4. We can transfer flow from deficit vertices that can reach surplus vertices. Specifically, B can send up to 1 unit to C (or to A? but B cannot reach A). Also, maybe B could send to A? No path. So the maximum flow from deficit to surplus is limited by the supply from B (1) and the demand from C (1) and A (3). But B can only reach C (and through C to D/E, but those are deficit). So the only surplus reachable from B is C. So B can send at most 1 unit to C, reducing B's deficit to 0 and C's surplus to 0 (since C had surplus 1). After that, surplus A=3 remains, deficits D=2, E=1 remain, but no path from D/E to A (since D/E are sinks). So max_flow = 1. Then min sum positive = S - max_flow = 4 - 1 = 3. So the minimum total flow F would be 3. That would correspond to minimum number of walks? Let's test by constructing walks manually to see if we can cover all inter-SCC edges with 3 walks.

We have inter-SCC edges (since condensation vertices are SCCs, but here we are directly using vertices as SCCs? Actually, in this example, the original graph might have these vertices as SCCs if they are not further decomposable. But we are using the condensation DAG directly. So we have edges: A->B (2 parallel edges), A->C (1), B->C (1), C->D (2), C->E (1). We need to cover all these edges with walks (paths) in this DAG. Each walk can use at most one edge from each vertex as outgoing (except the last) and at most one incoming (except the first). But since there are parallel edges, a walk can only use one of the parallel edges from A to B, for example. So we need to cover both A->B edges. That means we need at least two walks that include an edge from A to B (since each walk can include at most one such edge). Similarly, we need to cover both C->D edges, so at least two walks that include a C->D edge. Also, we need to cover A->C, B->C, C->E.

Now, can we cover all edges with 3 walks? Let's try to design.

We have surplus A (needs to start 3 walks? Actually, A has outdegree 3 (two to B, one to C). To cover its outgoing edges, we need at least 3 walks that start at A (or pass through A, but A has no incoming edges, so any walk that uses an outgoing edge from A must start at A). So we need at least 3 walks that start at A. That already suggests minimum walks >= 3. Our computed F=3 matches that lower bound. So likely 3 walks suffice.

Let's attempt to construct 3 walks:

Walk1: A->B (use one of the A->B edges), then B->C (use B->C), then C->D (use one C->D). This covers: one A->B, B->C, one C->D.

Walk2: A->B (use the other A->B edge), then from B? B has no other outgoing edges (only B->C, already used? But we can reuse edges; it's okay to use B->C again, but we already covered B->C; we could use it again but not needed. However, after A->B, we are at B. We need to cover other edges: A->C, C->E, and the second C->D. Could we go from B to somewhere else? Only B->C. So Walk2: A->B, then B->C (again), then C->D (second C->D). This covers second A->B, second C->D, and repeats B->C (already covered). But we still need A->C and C->E. Could we incorporate them into Walk3? Walk3: A->C, then C->E. That covers A->C and C->E. So we have three walks covering all edges. Yes, that works. So 3 walks.

Thus, the flow model seems to give the correct answer.

Now, we need to compute the minimum number of walks for the original problem. Steps:

1. Build directed graph G with 26 vertices (letters A-Z). Add edges for each product name S_i (from first char to second char). Note: There may be multiple edges between same pair? Since product names are distinct, but could there be both "AB" and "AB"? No, they are distinct strings, so at most one edge per ordered pair. So the graph is simple (no parallel edges). However, in the condensation, there could be multiple edges between SCCs if there are multiple original edges from vertices in one SCC to vertices in another SCC. Since original graph has at most one edge per ordered pair of letters, but if two different letters in the same SCC have edges to letters in another SCC, that could create multiple edges between SCCs. For example, SCC1 contains vertices A and B, SCC2 contains C. Edges A->C and B->C are two distinct edges, both from SCC1 to SCC2. So in the condensation, there can be multiple edges between the same pair of SCCs. So we need to handle multiplicities.

2. Compute SCCs of G. Use Kosaraju or Tarjan.

3. Build condensation DAG H. Each SCC becomes a node. For each original edge from u to v where scc[u] != scc[v], add a directed edge from scc[u] to scc[v] in H. Keep track of multiplicities (i.e., count how many such edges between each pair). Since original graph has at most one edge per ordered pair of letters, the multiplicity between two SCCs is the number of ordered pairs (u in SCC1, v in SCC2) such that there is an edge u->v. That can be more than 1.

4. For each SCC node in H, compute out_deg = total number of outgoing inter-SCC edges (counting multiplicities), and in_deg similarly.

5. Also, for each SCC, we need to know if it has any internal edges (i.e., edges within the SCC). Since the SCC is strongly connected, it may have internal edges. If an SCC has no internal edges, it means it consists of a single vertex with no self-loop, and all its incident edges are inter-SCC. Such an SCC does not require a dedicated walk for internal edges, because there are none. However, if it has internal edges (including self-loops), we need to ensure they are covered. But as argued, if the SCC is visited by at least one walk (i.e., it appears in the condensation path of some walk), we can cover its internal edges within that walk. If the SCC is isolated (no inter-SCC edges), then it must be visited by a walk that stays entirely within it, which counts as one walk. If it has inter-SCC edges, it will be visited by at least one walk (since its inter-SCC edges must be covered). So we only need to add extra walks for SCCs that have internal edges and have zero inter-SCC edges (i.e., out_deg = 0 and in_deg = 0). Let's denote isolated_SCC_count = number of SCCs with (out_deg == 0 and in_deg == 0) and (has_internal_edge == True). But what about SCCs that have internal edges but also have inter-SCC edges? They will be covered by the walks that cover those inter-SCC edges, so no extra walk needed.

But is it always guaranteed that an SCC with inter-SCC edges will be visited by at least one walk? Consider an SCC that has outgoing edges but no incoming edges (source SCC). It will be the start of some walks because its outgoing edges need to be covered. Since it has outgoing edges, we need to cover each outgoing edge. To cover an outgoing edge, a walk must start at that SCC (or pass through it, but it has no incoming edges, so it cannot be entered). Therefore, at least one walk must start at that SCC. So it will be visited. Similarly, an SCC with incoming edges but no outgoing edges (sink SCC) will be the end of some walks, so visited. An SCC with both incoming and outgoing edges will be visited by walks that pass through it (since to cover its incoming edges, some walk must enter it; to cover its outgoing edges, some walk must leave it; it's possible that one walk enters and then leaves, covering both an incoming and an outgoing edge; but if there are multiple incoming or outgoing, multiple walks may visit it). So it will be visited. So indeed, any SCC with at least one inter-SCC edge will be visited by at least one walk. So internal edges can be covered.

Thus, the total minimum number of walks = (minimum flow value F) + isolated_SCC_count.

Now, we need to compute F, the minimum total flow from super source to super sink in the condensation DAG with lower bound 1 on each inter-SCC edge.

We have derived that F = sum_{v} max(0, d(v)) - max_flow, where d(v) = out_deg(v) - in_deg(v) (based on counts of inter-SCC edges), and max_flow is the maximum amount of flow that can be sent from deficit vertices (d(v) < 0) to surplus vertices (d(v) > 0) through the DAG, with capacities on edges infinite, and supply at deficit vertices = -d(v), demand at surplus vertices = d(v). But is this formula correct? Let's verify with earlier examples.

Example diamond: d(A)=2, d(B)=0, d(C)=0, d(D)=-2. S=2. Deficit D supply 2, surplus A demand 2. Since no path from D to A, max_flow=0, so F=2. Good.

Example with deficit B reaching surplus C: we computed S=4, max_flow=1, F=3. That matched our manual construction.

But is F always equal to sum_{v} max(0, d(v)) - max_flow? Let's test with a case where there are multiple surplus and deficit with connectivity. Consider a simple chain: A->B, B->C. Suppose we have edges: A->B (1), B->C (1). Then d(A)=1, d(B)=0, d(C)=-1. S=1. Deficit C supply1, surplus A demand1. Is there a path from C to A? No. So max_flow=0, F=1. That matches: we need one walk (A->B->C) covering both edges. Actually, can we cover both edges with one walk? Yes, A->B->C. So F=1. Good.

Consider a case where there is a path from deficit to surplus, but also other constraints. For instance, suppose we have vertices: X (surplus 2), Y (deficit 1), Z (surplus 1), and edges: Y->Z (1), and also X->Y (1)? Wait, we need to define edges. Let's construct: X->Y (1), Y->Z (1). Then d(X)=1, d(Y)=0, d(Z)=-1? Actually compute: X out1 in0 => d=1; Y in1 out1 => d=0; Z in1 out0 => d=-1. So surplus X=1, deficit Z=1. Is there path from Z to X? No. So F=1. But if we add an edge from Z to X? That would be a cycle, not DAG. So not.

Consider a more complex: A (surplus 2), B (deficit 1), C (surplus 1), D (deficit 2). Edges: A->B (1), B->C (1), C->D (1). Also maybe A->C (1) to give A more out. Let's compute: A: out: to B and C =>2, in:0 => d=2. B: in from A =>1, out to C =>1 => d=0. C: in from B and A? Actually A->C also, so in2, out to D =>1 => d=-1? Wait, out=1, in=2 => d=-1 (deficit). D: in from C =>1, out0 => d=-1 (deficit). So surplus A=2, deficit C=1, D=1. But we also have B balanced. Now, is there a path from C to A? C->D, no. From D to A? no. So max_flow=0, F=2. But could we cover all edges with 2 walks? Let's list edges: A->B, A->C, B->C, C->D. We need to cover A->B, A->C, B->C, C->D. Can we do with 2 walks? Possibly Walk1: A->B->C->D (covers A->B, B->C, C->D). Walk2: A->C (covers A->C). That's 2 walks. So F=2 matches.

Now, suppose we add an edge from D to somewhere that leads back to A? Not possible in DAG.

Thus, the formula seems plausible.

But we must also consider that the flow we send from deficit to surplus corresponds to adding extra traversals of edges (i.e., increasing f(e) beyond 1). In the minimum flow problem, we are allowed to increase flow on edges arbitrarily. The maximum flow from deficit to surplus is limited by the total supply and demand, and also by the capacity of edges to carry flow. Since we can add unlimited extra flow on any edge (we can traverse an edge many times), the capacities are effectively infinite. So the only limitation is connectivity: whether there exists a directed path from a deficit vertex to a surplus vertex. If such a path exists, we can send as much flow as the min of supply and demand along that path, up to the supply/demand limits. However, there might be interactions: multiple deficit vertices may share paths, and the flow may be limited by the fact that edges can carry unlimited flow, so no bottleneck. Therefore, the maximum flow from deficit set to surplus set is simply the total amount of supply that can reach any surplus vertex, i.e., the sum of supplies of deficit vertices that have a path to at least one surplus vertex, but also limited by the total demand of surplus vertices that are reachable from deficit vertices. Since edges have infinite capacity, the max flow equals the minimum of total supply from deficit vertices that can reach surplus, and total demand of surplus vertices that can be reached from deficit. But is it possible that some deficit vertex can reach some surplus vertex but the total supply exceeds the total demand of reachable surplus, then the max flow is limited by demand. Conversely, if demand exceeds supply, limited by supply. So max_flow = min( total_supply_reachable, total_demand_reachable ), where total_supply_reachable = sum_{v: d(v)<0 and there exists a path from v to some surplus vertex} (-d(v)), and total_demand_reachable = sum_{v: d(v)>0 and there exists a path from some deficit vertex to v} d(v). However, note that a deficit vertex might reach multiple surplus vertices, and a surplus vertex might be reached from multiple deficit vertices. Since edges have infinite capacity, we can route flow arbitrarily as long as there is connectivity. So the max flow is essentially the maximum amount that can be transferred from the set of deficit vertices to the set of surplus vertices, which is equal to the minimum cut capacity in the network where we add a super source connected to deficit vertices with capacities -d(v) and super sink from surplus vertices with capacities d(v), and all original edges have infinite capacity. The min cut will be determined by a set of vertices that separates source side from sink side. Since original edges have infinite capacity, any cut that includes an original edge would have infinite capacity, so the min cut must avoid cutting original edges. That means the cut must be such that all original edges go from source side to sink side? Actually, in a cut (S-set containing super source, T-set containing super sink), the capacity is sum of capacities of edges from S-set to T-set. If we include any original edge from a vertex in S-set to a vertex in T-set, its capacity is infinite, making cut capacity infinite, which cannot be min. Therefore, the min cut must have no original edge crossing from S to T. That implies that the set of vertices on the source side must be closed under outgoing edges: if a vertex is in S-side, all its outgoing neighbors must also be in S-side (otherwise an infinite edge would cross). Similarly, if a vertex is in T-side, all its incoming neighbors must be in T-side? Actually, to avoid infinite edges from S to T, we need that there is no edge from a vertex in S to a vertex in T. So the S-set must be a "downward-closed" set in the DAG (i.e., if u in S and u->v, then v must be in S). Equivalently, the T-set must be "upward-closed": if v in T and u->v, then u must be in T. The cut capacity then consists only of the edges from super source to vertices in T-side (since those go from S (super source) to T) and edges from vertices in S-side to super sink (since those go from S to T). Also possibly edges from super source to vertices in S-side are internal, not crossing; edges from vertices in T-side to super sink are internal. So the cut capacity = sum_{v in T-side, d(v)<0} (-d(v))? Wait, super source edges: from super source to deficit vertices with capacity -d(v). If a deficit vertex is in T-side, then the edge from super source (in S) to that vertex (in T) crosses the cut, contributing its capacity. Similarly, edges from surplus vertices to super sink: if a surplus vertex is in S-side, then the edge from that vertex (in S) to super sink (in T) crosses the cut, contributing its capacity d(v). So the cut capacity = sum_{v in T-side, d(v)<0} (-d(v)) + sum_{v in S-side, d(v)>0} d(v). We want the minimum such cut.

This is reminiscent of a closure problem. The minimum cut will partition the vertices into two sets: S-side (including super source) and T-side (including super sink) with no original edges from S to T. This is equivalent to finding a minimum weight vertex cut that separates deficit from surplus? Actually, it's like we want to minimize the sum of capacities of edges from super source to T-side plus from S-side to super sink, subject to the closure condition (no edge from S to T). This is a classic "minimum cut" that can be solved by considering the graph as a flow network with infinite capacities on original edges, which forces the cut to be a closed set. The min cut value equals the max flow value. And the max flow value equals the minimum possible sum of positive d(v) after transferring, i.e., F = min_{closed set?} something. But we can compute max flow directly by running max flow on this network with infinite capacities replaced by a large number (greater than total supply). Since the graph size is at most number of SCCs, which is at most 26 (since vertices are letters, but SCCs could be up to 26). Actually, vertices are letters, so at most 26 vertices in original graph. Thus, number of SCCs ≤ 26. That's tiny. So we can afford to run max flow with capacities up to maybe 26*26? Actually, out_deg counts could be up to 26 (since each vertex can have at most 26 outgoing edges). But with multiplicities between SCCs, the total number of inter-SCC edges is at most N ≤ 676. So numbers are small. We can implement max flow with integer capacities, using e.g., Dinic, with capacities set to a large number like 10^9 for original edges, or simply use the fact that infinite capacity can be simulated by a capacity larger than total possible flow (which is sum of supplies, at most N). Since N ≤ 676, we can set capacity = N+1 or 1000.

Thus, we can compute max flow from super source to super sink in the network:

- Create a node for each SCC.
- Add a super source S and super sink T.
- For each SCC v with d(v) < 0 (deficit), add edge from S to v with capacity -d(v).
- For each SCC v with d(v) > 0 (surplus), add edge from v to T with capacity d(v).
- For each original inter-SCC edge from u to v (with multiplicity m), we need to allow flow to pass through. However, in the flow network for max flow, we need edges with capacities to allow flow from deficit to surplus. But note: The extra flow we send corresponds to increasing f(e) beyond 1. In the max flow formulation, we are sending additional flow from deficit vertices to surplus vertices through the network. The original edges are the only connections. So we add directed edges from u to v with capacity INF (or a large number) to allow flow to pass. But we must consider multiplicities: if there are multiple edges between u and v, we could treat them as separate edges or combine with capacity equal to multiplicity? Since we can add extra flow on each edge arbitrarily, the capacity to send flow from u to v is unlimited (we can traverse the same edge many times). However, there is a subtlety: In the flow network for the max flow from deficit to surplus, we are not limited by the number of parallel edges because we can use the same edge multiple times. So we can treat the connection from u to v as having infinite capacity, regardless of multiplicity. Because we can send as much flow as we want along that edge by traversing it multiple times. So we can simply add a single edge from u to v with capacity INF (or a large number) if there is at least one inter-SCC edge from u to v. The multiplicity doesn't affect the capacity for extra flow because we can reuse the same edge many times. However, is there any constraint that the extra flow on an edge cannot exceed something? No, we can traverse an edge as many times as we like. So capacity is effectively infinite. So we can add an edge with capacity = a large number (e.g., total supply) for each pair (u,v) that has at least one inter-SCC edge.

But wait: In the original problem, when we add extra flow (i.e., traverse an edge extra times), we are increasing the count of that edge in the walk. That's allowed. So yes, infinite capacity.

Thus, the max flow from S to T in this network gives the maximum amount of deficit that can be transferred to surplus. Then F = total_positive_d - max_flow.

But we must also consider that the initial flow on each inter-SCC edge is 1 (the lower bound). In the flow network for max flow, we are only considering the extra flow beyond the lower bound. The lower bound flow already contributes to the net excess d(v). So the max flow we compute is the additional flow we can send to reduce the excess. So F = sum_{d(v)>0} d(v) - max_flow.

Now, is it possible that after sending this max flow, some vertices still have positive d? Yes, those that cannot be reached from deficit vertices. So F is the minimum total positive excess after optimal extra flow, which equals the minimum total flow from super source to super sink needed to satisfy lower bounds with conservation, i.e., the minimum number of walks (since each unit of flow from S to T corresponds to a walk? Actually, each unit of flow from S to T corresponds to a walk that starts at a surplus vertex (since we inject at surplus? Wait, in the flow model, the flow from S to T goes through the network: S -> deficit vertices? Actually, we connected S to deficit vertices (with capacity -d(v)), and surplus vertices to T (with capacity d(v)). So the flow originates at S, goes to deficit vertices, then through the DAG to surplus vertices, then to T. This flow represents extra traversals that shift excess from deficit to surplus. But the total number of walks is not directly this flow; it's the sum of positive d after reduction, which is F. And we argued that F equals the minimum number of walks needed to cover inter-SCC edges. Let's verify with earlier example: total_positive_d = 4, max_flow=1, F=3. That matched the number of walks we constructed (3). So F is indeed the minimum number of walks for the inter-SCC edges.

But we must also consider that walks may start and end at the same SCC? In our flow model, a walk corresponds to a path from a surplus vertex (where we start) to a deficit vertex (where we end). Actually, in the final flow assignment, we have f(e) >= 1. The total number of walks is equal to the sum of positive net outflow after we have chosen f(e). This sum is exactly F. And each walk starts at a vertex with positive net outflow (since that vertex has more outflow than inflow in the final flow) and ends at a vertex with negative net outflow. So the number of walks equals the sum of positive net outflows. So F is the number of walks.

Thus, the answer = F + isolated_SCC_count.

Now, we need to compute isolated_SCC_count correctly. An SCC is isolated if it has no inter-SCC edges (i.e., out_deg = 0 and in_deg = 0). But also, it must have at least one internal edge (i.e., the SCC contains at least one edge). If an SCC has no internal edges, that means it consists of a single vertex with no self-loop, and it has no inter-SCC edges. But such a vertex would not appear in the graph at all because there would be no product name involving it. Since we only have vertices that appear in some product name, if a vertex has no incident edges, it wouldn't be in any SCC? Actually, if a vertex appears in no edge, it's isolated and not part of any product name. But product names are length-2 strings, so each letter that appears must be part of some edge (either as source or target). However, it's possible that a vertex appears only as a source or only as a target, but then it would have inter-SCC edges. So an SCC with no inter-SCC edges and no internal edges would be a single vertex with no edges at all, which cannot happen because if it has no edges, it wouldn't be in the graph (we only consider vertices that appear in edges). But we might have SCCs that consist of a single vertex with a self-loop (internal edge) and no other edges. That would be isolated (since self-loop is internal, not inter-SCC). So we need to count SCCs that have at least one internal edge and have out_deg=0 and in_deg=0.

But what about an SCC that has internal edges but also has inter-SCC edges? Then it's not isolated, and its internal edges will be covered by walks that visit it. So no extra walk.

Thus, we need to determine for each SCC whether it has any internal edge. Internal edges are those where both endpoints belong to the same SCC. Since we have the original graph, we can check for each edge if scc[u]==scc[v]. Count those. If count>0, then the SCC has internal edges.

Now, we also need to consider the possibility that an SCC has internal edges but also has inter-SCC edges, but perhaps the walks that visit it might not cover all internal edges if we don't design them properly. However, as argued, we can always design a walk that visits the SCC and covers all its internal edges, as long as we can enter and exit at appropriate vertices. Since the SCC is strongly connected, we can construct a walk that starts at the entry vertex, covers all internal edges (by an Eulerian-like traversal with repetitions), and ends at the exit vertex. This is always possible. So we can cover all internal edges in one visit. Therefore, no extra walk needed.

Now, what about SCCs that have no internal edges but have inter-SCC edges? They don't need a dedicated walk for internal edges, but they will be visited by walks covering inter-SCC edges. So fine.

Now, what about SCCs that have no internal edges and also no inter-SCC edges? That would be an isolated vertex with no edges, which shouldn't exist because we only consider vertices that appear in product names. But if a vertex appears only in a self-loop? That's internal edge. So such SCC would have internal edge. So we can ignore.

Thus, the algorithm:

- Read N and the N strings.
- Build directed graph with 26 vertices (0-25 for A-Z). For each string, add edge from first char to second char. Keep track of edges (maybe store adjacency list with multiplicity? but since distinct, we can just store set of edges; but for counting out_deg/in_deg in condensation, we need to count multiplicities between SCCs, which may be >1 if multiple edges from different vertices in same SCC to same other SCC. So we need to count all edges, not just unique pairs. So we should store all edges as pairs (u,v). Since N ≤ 676, we can just keep list.

- Compute SCCs of this directed graph. Use Kosaraju or Tarjan. Since only 26 vertices, simple.

- For each SCC, assign an ID. Determine for each vertex its SCC id.

- Initialize for each SCC: out_deg = 0, in_deg = 0, has_internal = False.

- Iterate over all edges (u->v):
   - If scc[u] == scc[v]: then mark has_internal[scc[u]] = True.
   - Else: increment out_deg[scc[u]] by 1, increment in_deg[scc[v]] by 1.

- After processing all edges, we have for each SCC: out_deg, in_deg, has_internal.

- Count isolated_SCC = number of SCCs where out_deg == 0 and in_deg == 0 and has_internal == True.

- Now, we need to compute F = minimum number of walks for inter-SCC edges.

   - Let V_scc be the number of SCCs that have either out_deg>0 or in_deg>0 (i.e., involved in inter-SCC edges). Actually, even if an SCC has out_deg=0 and in_deg=0 but has_internal, it's isolated and we already counted separately; they are not part of the flow network because they have no inter-SCC edges. So for the flow network, we consider only SCCs that have at least one inter-SCC edge (i.e., out_deg+in_deg > 0). However, it's possible that an SCC has out_deg=0 but in_deg>0 (sink), or out_deg>0 but in_deg=0 (source), or both >0. These will be included.

   - Build a flow network with nodes = these SCCs (let's map them to indices 0..M-1). Add super source S and super sink T.

   - For each SCC i, compute d[i] = out_deg[i] - in_deg[i].

   - For each SCC i with d[i] < 0, add edge from S to i with capacity -d[i].

   - For each SCC i with d[i] > 0, add edge from i to T with capacity d[i].

   - For each pair of SCCs (i, j) such that there is at least one inter-SCC edge from i to j (i.e., from any vertex in SCC i to any vertex in SCC j), add an edge from i to j with capacity INF. Since we can traverse the same edge multiple times, we can set capacity to a large number, e.g., total_positive_d (sum of positive d) or N, because the max flow cannot exceed that. So we can set INF = sum_positive_d (or N+5). Since sum_positive_d ≤ N (because each edge contributes to out_deg of some vertex, and total out_deg = number of inter-SCC edges, which is ≤ N). Actually, sum_positive_d = total surplus = total deficit = total inter-SCC edges? Not exactly; sum of out_deg over all SCCs = total inter-SCC edges; sum of in_deg = same. So sum of positive d may be less than or equal to total inter-SCC edges. But total inter-SCC edges ≤ N. So we can set INF = N (or 1000). Since N ≤ 676, safe.

   - Compute max flow from S to T using Dinic or Edmonds-Karp (graph small). The max flow value will be an integer.

   - Then F = sum_{i: d[i]>0} d[i] - max_flow.

- Answer = F + isolated_SCC.

But we must also consider the case where there are no inter-SCC edges at all (i.e., all edges are within SCCs). Then the flow network has no nodes (or M=0). Then F = 0. isolated_SCC will be the number of SCCs with internal edges (since each such SCC has out_deg=in_deg=0). But note: If the whole graph is one SCC with internal edges, then isolated_SCC = 1, answer = 1. That matches sample 3? Sample 3: N=6, edges: AB, AC, CB, AD, DB, BA. Let's analyze that graph. It likely is strongly connected? Let's check: A->B, A->C, A->D? Actually AD, DB, BA. So edges: AB, AC, CB, AD, DB, BA. This graph seems strongly connected? From A can go to B, C, D. From B can go to A (BA) and D (BD? actually DB is D->B, not B->D; we have DB? The list: AD, DB, so AD is A->D, DB is D->B. So B can go to A via BA, and to? B->? There's no B->? Actually, we have CB (C->B), BA (B->A). So B->A. From C, C->B. From D, D->B. So all can reach each other? From C: C->B->A, so yes. From D: D->B->A. From A can reach D via A->D. So strongly connected. So one SCC with internal edges, no inter-SCC edges. isolated_SCC = 1, answer =1. Sample output 3 is 1. Good.

Sample 1: N=7, edges: AB, BC, CA, CD, DE, DF, XX. Let's compute. We'll need to compute SCCs. Let's analyze: Vertices: A,B,C,D,E,F,X. Edges: AB, BC, CA (so A,B,C form a cycle -> SCC1). CD (C->D), DE (D->E), DF (D->F). Also XX (X->X self-loop). So SCC1 includes A,B,C. D is separate? D has incoming from C, outgoing to E and F. No path back to C? From D, can we go to C? No edge D->C, and from E,F no outgoing. So D is not strongly connected with C. So D is its own SCC? But D has outgoing to E and F, and incoming from C. E and F have only incoming from D, no outgoing. So E and F are separate SCCs (each single vertex with no self-loop). X with self-loop is its own SCC (since no edges to/from others). So SCCs: SCC_A (A,B,C), SCC_D, SCC_E, SCC_F, SCC_X. Now inter-SCC edges: C->D, D->E, D->F. Also maybe? AB, BC, CA are internal to SCC_A. XX internal to SCC_X. So inter-SCC edges: from SCC_A to SCC_D (1 edge), from SCC_D to SCC_E (1), from SCC_D to SCC_F (1). So condensation: A -> D, D -> E, D -> F. Also SCC_X isolated (no inter-SCC edges). SCC_A has out_deg=1, in_deg=0 => d=1 (surplus). SCC_D has out_deg=2, in_deg=1 => d=1 (surplus? out2-in1=1 => surplus). SCC_E has out_deg=0, in_deg=1 => d=-1 (deficit). SCC_F has out_deg=0, in_deg=1 => d=-1 (deficit). SCC_X has out_deg=0, in_deg=0, has_internal=True (XX) => isolated_SCC=1.

Now sum positive d = d(A)+d(D)=1+1=2. Deficit: E=1, F=1 total 2. Is there a path from deficit to surplus? Deficit E and F are sinks, no outgoing, so cannot reach surplus A or D. So max_flow=0. Thus F=2. Then answer = F + isolated_SCC = 2+1=3. Sample output 3. Good.

Sample 2: N=5, edges: AC, BC, CD, DE, DF. Let's compute SCCs. Vertices: A,B,C,D,E,F. Edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. This graph is a DAG. SCCs are each vertex (since no cycles). So SCCs: A, B, C, D, E, F. Inter-SCC edges: all edges are inter-SCC because each vertex is its own SCC. Compute d: A: out1 in0 => d=1; B: out1 in0 => d=1; C: out1 in2 => d=-1; D: out2 in1 => d=1; E: out0 in1 => d=-1; F: out0 in1 => d=-1. Sum positive = 1+1+1=3. Deficit: C=1, E=1, F=1 total 3. Check connectivity: Can deficit C reach any surplus? C->D->E/F. C can reach D (surplus) and E/F (deficit). So C can send flow to D. Can E or F reach any surplus? They have no outgoing, so no. So max_flow: from C (supply 1) to D (demand 1) is possible. Also maybe from C to A or B? No path. So max_flow = 1 (since only C can send, and D can receive 1). Also, could there be flow from C to D and then from D to? D is surplus, so it can receive. But D also has surplus, so it can accept flow. So max_flow = 1. Then F = sum positive - max_flow = 3 - 1 = 2. Isolated SCCs? All SCCs have inter-SCC edges, so none isolated. Answer = 2. Sample output 2. Good.

Thus, the approach works for samples.

Now, we need to implement this.

Implementation details:

- Map letters to integers 0-25.
- Store edges as list of (u,v).
- Compute SCCs. Since only 26 vertices, we can use Kosaraju: first DFS for order, second DFS on reversed graph. Or Tarjan. Simpler: Kosaraju.

- After SCC ids assigned (0..comp-1), compute for each component: out_deg, in_deg, has_internal.

   - Initialize arrays of size comp with zeros.
   - For each edge (u,v):
        if comp[u]==comp[v]: has_internal[comp[u]] = True
        else: out_deg[comp[u]] += 1; in_deg[comp[v]] += 1

- Count isolated_SCC: sum over comp where out_deg==0 and in_deg==0 and has_internal==True.

- For flow network, we only need components that have out_deg+in_deg > 0 (i.e., involved in inter-SCC edges). But we also need to include components that have d != 0? Actually, even if a component has out_deg=in_deg=0, it's isolated and already counted; we don't include it in flow network because it has no edges to connect. So we can filter components with (out_deg+in_deg > 0). Let's create a list of these components, and map each to an index 0..M-1.

- For each such component i, compute d = out_deg - in_deg.

- Compute total_positive = sum of max(0, d) over these components.

- Build flow network with M + 2 nodes (S= M, T= M+1). We'll use Dinic.

- Add edges:
   - For each component i with d < 0: add edge S->i with capacity -d.
   - For each component i with d > 0: add edge i->T with capacity d.
   - For each pair of components (i,j) such that there is at least one inter-SCC edge from i to j. We need to know connectivity between components. Since we have the list of edges, we can build an adjacency set for components: for each edge (u,v) with comp[u]!=comp[v], add an edge from comp[u] to comp[v] in the component graph. But we must avoid duplicate edges because we only need to know if there is at least one connection; capacity will be INF regardless of multiplicity. So we can create a set of (i,j) for which there is at least one edge. Since M ≤ 26, we can just iterate over all pairs? But we need to know which pairs have edges. We can build a boolean matrix adj_comp[i][j] = True if there is at least one edge from component i to component j. Then for each such (i,j), add edge i->j with capacity INF.

   - Note: The flow network edges are directed and should follow the direction of the original edges (i->j). Since we are sending flow from deficit to surplus, we need to allow flow along these directed edges. That's correct.

- Set INF = total_positive (or N+5). Since max flow cannot exceed total_positive, we can set INF = total_positive (or a large number like 10**9). But careful: In Dinic, capacities should be integers; using INF = total_positive is safe because flow won't exceed that. However, if there are multiple edges between components, the capacity needed might be more than total_positive? No, the total flow from S to T is at most total_positive, so any edge won't carry more than that. So INF = total_positive is sufficient. But we must ensure that if total_positive is 0, then there are no surplus vertices, so flow network may be empty; but then F=0 anyway. So we can handle separately.

- Compute max_flow using Dinic.

- Then F = total_positive - max_flow.

- Answer = F + isolated_SCC.

Edge Cases:

- If there are no inter-SCC edges at all (i.e., all edges are within SCCs), then total_positive = 0, max_flow = 0, F=0, answer = isolated_SCC (which is number of SCCs with internal edges). That's correct.

- If there are inter-SCC edges but some SCCs have internal edges and also inter-SCC edges, they are included in flow network and not counted as isolated.

- What about SCCs that have internal edges but also have out_deg=0 and in_deg=0? That's isolated, counted.

- What about SCCs that have no internal edges and also no inter-SCC edges? That would be a vertex with no edges, which shouldn't exist because we only consider vertices that appear in edges. But if such a vertex exists (maybe a letter appears only as a source or target but with no edges? Actually, if a vertex appears in an edge, it has at least one incident edge. So it will have either internal or inter-SCC edges. So fine.

Now, we must ensure that the flow network correctly models the ability to send extra flow from deficit to surplus. Is there any scenario where sending flow along a path from deficit to surplus might not be realizable as extra traversals because it would require using an edge that is already at its lower bound? But we can always traverse an edge additional times; there's no upper bound. So it's fine.

But is it always possible to realize the extra flow as additional traversals in such a way that the resulting walks are valid? We need to construct actual walks from the flow solution. But we only need the count, not the walks. However, we must ensure that the count derived from the flow model is indeed achievable. The flow model gives a lower bound (since we must have at least sum of positive net outflow). And we have shown by construction that we can achieve that bound by sending flow along paths and then decomposing the final flow into walks. The decomposition is standard: given a feasible flow f(e) (with f(e) >= 1) on the condensation DAG, we can decompose it into walks by following flow from sources to sinks. Since the flow satisfies conservation, the number of walks equals the sum of positive net outflow. And we can construct walks that cover all edges by using the flow values: each walk corresponds to a unit of flow from a surplus vertex to a deficit vertex, traversing edges according to the flow. Additionally, we need to cover internal edges of SCCs. But as argued, we can incorporate them into the walks when they visit the SCC. So the count is achievable.

Thus, the answer is correct.

Now, we should implement.

Implementation steps in code:

1. Read N.
2. Initialize arrays: vertices 26.
3. edges = [].
4. For i in range(N): read S; u = ord(S[0])-65; v = ord(S[1])-65; edges.append((u,v)).
5. Build adjacency list for original graph (for SCC computation). Since only 26 vertices, we can use adjacency matrix or list.

6. Compute SCCs using Kosaraju:

   - Create graph adjacency list g[u] = list of v for each edge.
   - Create reverse graph gr[v] = list of u.
   - visited array.
   - order list for first pass.
   - DFS1(u): mark visited, for each v in g[u] if not visited, DFS1(v); append u to order.
   - After first pass, reverse order.
   - DFS2(u, comp_id): assign comp[u]=comp_id, for each v in gr[u] if not visited2, DFS2(v, comp_id).
   - comp array of size 26, initialized -1.

7. After SCC, determine number of components comp_cnt. (comp ids from 0 to comp_cnt-1).

8. Initialize arrays for components: out_deg = [0]*comp_cnt, in_deg = [0]*comp_cnt, has_internal = [False]*comp_cnt.

9. For each edge (u,v):
   cu = comp[u]; cv = comp[v];
   if cu == cv: has_internal[cu] = True
   else: out_deg[cu] += 1; in_deg[cv] += 1

10. isolated = sum(1 for i in range(comp_cnt) if out_deg[i]==0 and in_deg[i]==0 and has_internal[i])

11. Now, for flow network, we need only components with out_deg+in_deg > 0. Create a list active_components = [i for i in range(comp_cnt) if out_deg[i]+in_deg[i] > 0]. Let M = len(active_components). If M == 0: then F = 0, answer = isolated, print and exit.

12. Map component id to index 0..M-1: comp_to_idx = {comp_id: idx}.

13. For each active component, compute d = out_deg[comp_id] - in_deg[comp_id]. Store in array d_idx.

14. Compute total_positive = sum(max(0, d) for d in d_idx).

15. Build flow network with M+2 nodes. We'll implement Dinic.

   - INF = total_positive (or maybe N+5 to be safe). Since total_positive ≤ N ≤ 676, we can set INF = 10**9 as well, but Dinic with large capacities is fine.

   - We'll create adjacency list for flow graph.

   - Add edges:
        For each idx i with d < 0: add_edge(S, i, -d)
        For each idx i with d > 0: add_edge(i, T, d)
        For each pair (i,j) such that there is at least one inter-SCC edge from component comp_i to comp_j. We need to know which pairs have edges. We can build a set of (i,j) using the original edges: for each edge (u,v) with comp[u]!=comp[v], let ci = comp_to_idx[comp[u]], cj = comp_to_idx[comp[v]]; add (ci,cj) to a set. Then for each (ci,cj) in that set, add_edge(ci, cj, INF).

   - S = M, T = M+1.

16. Compute max_flow = dinic(S, T).

17. F = total_positive - max_flow.

18. Answer = F + isolated.

19. Print answer.

We must ensure that the flow network edges are directed correctly (from ci to cj). Since we are sending flow from deficit to surplus, we need to allow flow along the direction of edges. That's correct.

Now, test on samples.

Sample 1: We already did manually, answer 3.

Sample 2: answer 2.

Sample 3: answer 1.

Let's test some additional cases.

Case: N=1, S="AA". Then graph: one vertex A with self-loop. SCC: one component with internal edge, out_deg=0, in_deg=0, has_internal=True. isolated=1, F=0, answer=1. That's correct: need one string containing "AA". Could we have a string "AA"? Yes, that's one string.

Case: N=1, S="AB". Then graph: A->B. SCCs: A and B separate (since no back edge). out_deg[A]=1, in_deg[A]=0 => d=1; out_deg[B]=0, in_deg[B]=1 => d=-1. has_internal false for both. active components: A and B. total_positive=1. Build flow: S->A? Actually, d[A]=1>0, so edge A->T with cap1. d[B]=-1, so edge S->B with cap1. Edge from A to B? There is an inter-SCC edge A->B, so add edge A->B with INF. Max flow: can send 1 from S->B->A->T? Wait, flow direction: S->B (capacity1), then B->? There is no edge from B to A (since only A->B). So cannot go from B to A. So no path from S to T? Actually, S connects to deficit vertices (d<0). Here B is deficit (d=-1), so S->B. Surplus vertices (d>0) are A, with edge A->T. To get from S to T, we need a path S->...->A->T. From B, we can go to A? There is no edge B->A. So no path. Thus max_flow=0. F=1-0=1. isolated=0. Answer=1. Indeed, we need one walk: "AB". Good.

Case: N=2, S1="AB", S2="BA". Then graph: A<->B. SCC: one component containing A,B (since strongly connected). internal edges: both AB and BA are internal. out_deg=0, in_deg=0, has_internal=True. isolated=1, F=0, answer=1. Can we cover both with one string? e.g., "ABA" contains AB and BA? "ABA" substrings: AB, BA. Yes. So 1 walk. Good.

Case: N=2, S1="AB", S2="AC". Then graph: A->B, A->C. SCCs: A (source), B (sink), C (sink). out_deg[A]=2, in_deg[A]=0 => d=2; B: out0 in1 => d=-1; C: out0 in1 => d=-1. total_positive=2. Edges: A->B, A->C. Flow network: S->B cap1, S->C cap1, A->T cap2, edges A->B INF, A->C INF. Can we send flow from S to T? S->B then B->? No edge from B to A, so stuck. S->C similar. So max_flow=0, F=2. isolated=0, answer=2. Indeed, need two walks: "AB" and "AC". Could we do one walk? Starting at A, we can go to B, then stuck; or to C, stuck. Can't cover both. So 2. Good.

Case: N=2, S1="AB", S2="BC". Graph: A->B, B->C. SCCs: A,B,C separate. d: A=1, B=0, C=-1. total_positive=1. Edges: A->B, B->C. Flow: S->C cap1, A->T cap1, edges A->B INF, B->C INF. Path: S->C? C is deficit, but from C no outgoing, so can't go to A. But maybe from S->C? Actually, S connects to deficit (C). From C, we need to go to surplus (A). Is there a path from C to A? No. So max_flow=0, F=1. Answer=1. Indeed, one walk "ABC" covers both edges. Good.

Case: N=3, edges: A->B, B->C, C->A. This is a cycle. SCC: one component with internal edges. isolated=1, answer=1. Good.

Case: More complex with multiple edges between SCCs. Our flow network uses a single edge with INF capacity between components if there is at least one inter-SCC edge. This is correct because we can use that edge multiple times. However, consider a scenario where there are two parallel edges from component X to Y, but we treat as a single connection with INF capacity. That's fine because we can send any amount of flow along that connection by traversing the same edge multiple times. But wait: In the original graph, there are two distinct edges (e.g., from two different vertices in X to two different vertices in Y). If we treat them as a single connection, we are essentially allowing flow to go from X to Y arbitrarily, but we must ensure that the flow can be realized as traversals of actual edges. Since there are multiple edges, we can use any of them. As long as there is at least one edge, we can traverse it multiple times. So a single connection with INF capacity is sufficient. However, what if there is a need to send more flow than the number of distinct edges? But we can reuse the same edge multiple times, so no issue. So a single edge with INF capacity is fine.

But is there any scenario where having only one edge between components might not be enough because the flow might need to use two different edges simultaneously in a way that cannot be combined? Since we can reuse edges, we can always route all flow through a single edge by traversing it multiple times. However, we must also consider that the walks we construct need to be sequences of vertices (letters). If we use the same edge multiple times, that's fine. So yes, a single connection suffices.

Thus, the flow network is correct.

Now, we need to implement Dinic for up to maybe 28 nodes (M ≤ 26, plus S,T). So very small. We can even use Edmonds-Karp, but Dinic is fine.

Implementation details for Dinic:

- We'll define a class Edge with to, rev, cap.
- add_edge(u,v,cap): add forward edge with cap, backward with 0.
- Dinic: bfs to build level graph, dfs to send flow.

Since capacities are small (≤ N ≤ 676), we can use ints.

Now, we must be careful about the case where total_positive = 0. Then there are no surplus vertices, so no edges from components to T. But there might be deficit vertices? If total_positive=0, then sum of d over components is 0, so all d=0. That means for each active component, out_deg = in_deg. In that case, the lower bound flow (f(e)=1) already satisfies conservation? Actually, if all d=0, then with f(e)=1, net outflow at each component is 0, so no need for extra flow. So F = 0. The flow network would have no edges from S or to T, but there might be edges between components. However, max_flow would be 0. So F=0. That's fine.

But we also need to consider if there are active components but total_positive=0, then F=0, answer = isolated. That's correct.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that there are inter-SCC edges but some SCCs have internal edges and also are isolated? No, if they have inter-SCC edges, they are not isolated.

Now, test on a custom case to ensure flow works with connectivity.

Consider the earlier example with A (surplus 2), B (deficit 1), C (surplus 1), D (deficit 2) but with edges: A->B, B->C, C->D. Also maybe A->C. Let's compute: edges: A->B, A->C, B->C, C->D. We already did: d(A)=2, d(B)=0, d(C)=-1? Wait recalc: A out2 in0 => d=2; B in1 out1 => d=0; C in2 (A->C, B->C) out1 (C->D) => d=-1; D in1 out0 => d=-1. Actually, total_positive=2, deficit C=1, D=1. But there is path from C to A? No. From D to A? No. So max_flow=0, F=2. That's fine.

Now consider a case where there is a path from deficit to surplus: earlier example with A (surplus 3), B (deficit 1), C (surplus 1), D (deficit 2), E (deficit 1) and edges: A->B (2), A->C (1), B->C (1), C->D (2), C->E (1). We computed d: A=3, B=-1, C=1, D=-2, E=-1. total_positive=4. Deficit: B=1, D=2, E=1. Surplus: A=3, C=1. Edges: A->B, A->C, B->C, C->D, C->E. There is path from B to C (B->C) and from B to A? No. From D/E to? No. So only B can reach C. So max_flow = min(supply from B (1), demand from C (1)) = 1. So F=3. That matches earlier manual.

Now, what about a case where a deficit vertex can reach multiple surplus vertices, and a surplus vertex can be reached from multiple deficit vertices. Since edges have infinite capacity, the max flow will be the minimum of total supply from deficit vertices that can reach any surplus, and total demand from surplus vertices that can be reached from any deficit, but also limited by connectivity in a more subtle way? Actually, with infinite capacities, the max flow equals the minimum cut, which as argued is the minimum over closed sets of (sum of deficits in T-side + sum of surpluses in S-side). This is essentially the minimum "weight" of a cut that separates source side from sink side with no original edges crossing. This can be computed by max flow. So we don't need to derive formula; we just run max flow.

Given the small size, we can just implement max flow.

Now, we must also consider that the condensation DAG might have multiple edges between components, but we treat them as a single connection. That's fine.

Now, one more nuance: The flow model assumes we can send extra flow along any path from deficit to surplus. However, when we send extra flow, we increase f(e) on edges along that path. This increases the net outflow at the start (deficit) and net inflow at the end (surplus), reducing the absolute imbalances. But is it always possible to increase f(e) on those edges without violating any constraints? Since we can traverse edges multiple times, yes. However, we must ensure that the increased flow on an edge does not create a situation where we need to start additional walks? But the total number of walks is determined by the final net outflows. So it's fine.

Now, confirm that the minimum number of walks equals F + isolated_SCC. Let's test on a case where there is an SCC with internal edges and also inter-SCC edges, but maybe the internal edges require a separate walk if the SCC is visited only once but we cannot cover all internal edges in one visit due to entry/exit constraints? We argued it's possible. Let's verify with an example. Suppose an SCC has internal edges that form a directed graph that is not Eulerian and we need to enter at a specific vertex (due to incoming edge) and exit at a specific vertex (due to outgoing edge). Can we always cover all internal edges in a single walk from entry to exit? As argued, yes, because we can add extra traversals of edges to make it possible. More formally, given a strongly connected directed graph, for any two vertices s and t, there exists a walk that starts at s, ends at t, and traverses every edge at least once. This is known: In a strongly connected directed graph, there exists a directed walk that starts at s, ends at t, and covers all edges (a directed spanning walk). This can be constructed by considering an Eulerian trail in a multigraph where we add a dummy path from t to s (using existing edges) to make it Eulerian, then find an Eulerian circuit, then break at s. Since the graph is strongly connected, there is a directed path from t to s; we can add that path as extra traversals. So yes, it's possible. Therefore, one visit suffices.

Thus, our solution stands.

Now, we must implement SCC computation correctly. Since there are only 26 vertices, we can use a simple algorithm.

Implementation steps in code:

- We'll use 0-25 for letters.

- Build adjacency list for original graph: g = [[] for _ in range(26)], and gr = [[] for _ in range(26)].

- For each edge (u,v): g[u].append(v); gr[v].append(u).

- visited = [False]*26; order = [].

- Define dfs1(u): visited[u]=True; for v in g[u]: if not visited[v]: dfs1(v); order.append(u).

- For i in range(26): if there is any edge incident? Actually, we should only consider vertices that appear in edges? But we can still run DFS on all 26; vertices with no edges will be isolated and not visited, but that's fine. However, we need to include vertices that have no edges? They are not part of any product name, so they shouldn't affect SCCs. But they might be visited as isolated vertices? In DFS1, we start from all vertices? Typically, we iterate over all vertices and if not visited, call dfs1. That will include isolated vertices, which will be their own SCC (with no edges). But those SCCs will have out_deg=0, in_deg=0, has_internal=False. They will not be counted as isolated_SCC because has_internal false. They also won't be in active components. So it's okay to include them. However, they will increase comp_cnt unnecessarily. But it's fine because M is small. But we must be careful: vertices with no edges should not be considered as having internal edges, and they won't affect answer. So we can either filter vertices that appear in any edge, or just include all 26. Including all 26 is simpler; we just need to ensure that when we compute SCCs, we treat all 26 vertices. But note: If a vertex has no edges, it will be its own SCC with no internal edges and no inter-SCC edges. It will not be counted in isolated_SCC (since has_internal false) and not in active components. So it's fine.

But we must be careful: In the flow network, we only consider components with out_deg+in_deg>0. So isolated vertices with no edges won't appear. So answer unaffected.

Thus, we can just run SCC on all 26 vertices.

But we need to know which vertices actually appear in edges to correctly compute has_internal? For a vertex with no edges, has_internal will remain False, which is correct. So okay.

However, when we iterate over edges, we only have edges from input. So for vertices not appearing, they won't affect anything.

Thus, we can proceed with 26 vertices.

Now, implement Dinic.

Pseudo-code for Dinic:

class Dinic:
    def __init__(self, N):
        self.N = N
        self.graph = [[] for _ in range(N)]

    def add_edge(self, fr, to, cap):
        forward = [to, cap, None]  # we'll store rev index
        backward = [fr, 0, None]
        forward[2] = len(self.graph[to])
        backward[2] = len(self.graph[fr])
        self.graph[fr].append(forward)
        self.graph[to].append(backward)

But easier: define Edge as a class with to, rev, cap.

Common implementation:

class Dinic:
    def __init__(self, n):
        self.n = n
        self.adj = [[] for _ in range(n)]

    def add_edge(self, u, v, cap):
        self.adj[u].append([v, cap, len(self.adj[v])])
        self.adj[v].append([u, 0, len(self.adj[u]) - 1])

    def bfs(self, s, t):
        self.level = [-1]*self.n
        q = deque([s])
        self.level[s] = 0
        while q:
            u = q.popleft()
            for v, cap, rev in self.adj[u]:
                if cap > 0 and self.level[v] == -1:
                    self.level[v] = self.level[u] + 1
                    q.append(v)
        return self.level[t] != -1

    def dfs(self, u, t, f):
        if u == t:
            return f
        for i in range(self.it[u], len(self.adj[u])):
            self.it[u] = i
            v, cap, rev = self.adj[u][i]
            if cap > 0 and self.level[u] + 1 == self.level[v]:
                ret = self.dfs(v, t, min(f, cap))
                if ret > 0:
                    self.adj[u][i][1] -= ret
                    self.adj[v][rev][1] += ret
                    return ret
        return 0

    def max_flow(self, s, t):
        flow = 0
        INF = 10**9
        while self.bfs(s, t):
            self.it = [0]*self.n
            while True:
                f = self.dfs(s, t, INF)
                if f == 0:
                    break
                flow += f
        return flow

But we need to be careful with the representation: using lists of [to, cap, rev] is common.

We'll implement accordingly.

Now, set INF for edges between components as total_positive (or N). Since total_positive ≤ N ≤ 676, we can set INF = 10**9 for safety; but then in DFS we might push large flows, but that's fine.

Now, we must also consider that the flow network may have multiple edges between the same nodes (if there are multiple inter-SCC edges). But we are adding only one edge with INF capacity. That's sufficient.

Now, compute max_flow.

Potential pitfalls:

- The flow network might have cycles? The condensation is a DAG, so no cycles. However, we added edges from S to deficit and from surplus to T, and inter-component edges following DAG direction. So the network is acyclic? Not necessarily, because S connects to deficit nodes, which may have outgoing edges to other nodes, eventually to surplus nodes, then to T. Since the original component graph is a DAG, there are no cycles among component nodes. However, S and T are external, so no cycles. So the flow network is acyclic, which is good for Dinic but not required.

- We must ensure that we only add edges from i to j if there is at least one inter-SCC
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
