=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a tree with NK vertices. The vertices are numbered 1,2,\dots,NK, and the i-th edge (i=1,2,\dots,NK-1) connects vertices u_i and v_i bidirectionally.
Determine whether this tree can be decomposed into N paths, each of length K. More precisely, determine whether there exists an N \times K matrix P satisfying the following:

- P_{1,1}, \dots, P_{1,K}, P_{2,1}, \dots, P_{N,K} is a permutation of 1,2,\dots,NK.
- For each i=1,2,\dots,N and j=1,2,\dots,K-1, there is an edge connecting vertices P_{i,j} and P_{i,j+1}.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N K
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_{NK-1} v_{NK-1}

Output

If it is possible to decompose the tree into N paths each of length K, print Yes. Otherwise, print No.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N
- 1 \leq K
- NK \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq u_i < v_i \leq NK
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3 2
1 2
2 3
3 4
2 5
5 6

Sample Output 1

Yes

It can be decomposed into a path with vertices 1,2, a path with vertices 3,4, and a path with vertices 5,6.

Sample Input 2

3 2
1 2
2 3
3 4
2 5
3 6

Sample Output 2

No

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to determine if a tree with NK vertices can be partitioned into N vertex-disjoint paths each of length K (i.e., each path has K vertices, thus K-1 edges). The paths must cover all vertices exactly once. Each path is a simple path (since it's a path in the tree, edges must exist between consecutive vertices). So we need to partition the vertex set into N subsets each of size K such that each subset induces a path (i.e., the vertices in that subset can be ordered as a path using edges of the tree). The paths are vertex-disjoint and cover all vertices.

This is reminiscent of path decomposition problems, often solved via DP on trees, or by matching conditions. Since the tree is arbitrary, we need to check if there exists a partition into paths of length K.

Observations: The total number of vertices is NK, each path has K vertices, so exactly N paths.

We need to assign each vertex to a path, and within each path, we need to order them such that consecutive vertices are adjacent in the tree. Essentially, each path is a connected subgraph that is a path (i.e., a tree with max degree 2). Since the overall graph is a tree, the paths must be vertex-disjoint and cover all vertices; thus the edges of the tree are partitioned into edges that are used as internal edges of paths (i.e., edges connecting consecutive vertices in a path) and edges that are not used (i.e., edges connecting vertices from different paths). Actually, note that if we have a partition into paths, each path uses K-1 edges that are internal to the path. The total number of edges in the tree is NK-1. The number of internal edges across all paths is N*(K-1) = NK - N. So the number of edges that are not internal (i.e., inter-path edges) is (NK-1) - (NK - N) = N-1. So there must be exactly N-1 edges that connect vertices belonging to different paths. These edges are the "cut" edges that separate the paths. In a tree, the partition into connected components (the paths) would be obtained by deleting some edges. If we delete exactly N-1 edges, we get N components. But we need each component to be a path of length K (i.e., have exactly K vertices and be a path). So the problem reduces to: can we delete N-1 edges from the tree such that each resulting component is a path of exactly K vertices? Moreover, each component must be a path (i.e., its vertices can be ordered as a path using the edges within that component). Since the component is a tree (as it's a subtree of the original tree), being a path means it has at most 2 leaves (i.e., it's a linear tree). Actually, a tree is a path if and only if it has no vertex of degree >=3 (within the component). But note that the component's internal degrees are determined by the original tree edges that remain within the component. However, the component is induced by the vertices? Not exactly: The component is the set of vertices with the edges that are not deleted. Since we delete edges, the component is a connected subgraph (the original tree minus deleted edges). It is a tree (since original is tree, removing edges yields a forest, each component is a tree). So each component must be a tree with K vertices and must be a path (i.e., its maximum degree <=2). So we need to partition the tree into N subtrees (each a path) by cutting N-1 edges.

Thus the problem is: Given a tree, can we cut N-1 edges to obtain components each of size K and each being a path? This is reminiscent of "tree partition into paths of equal size" or "K-path cover".

We can think of it as: we need to assign each vertex to a path, and within each path, the edges that are used to connect consecutive vertices must be present. The inter-path edges are exactly the edges that connect vertices from different paths. Since the tree has N-1 inter-path edges, these edges form a forest connecting the paths? Actually, the inter-path edges are the edges we cut. So we need to select a set of N-1 edges to cut, such that each resulting component has exactly K vertices and is a path.

Alternatively, we can think of constructing the paths by merging vertices along edges. Another viewpoint: The decomposition into paths of length K is equivalent to a perfect matching in a certain auxiliary graph? Not sure.

We need to decide existence. Constraints: NK up to 2e5, so O(NK) or O(NK log NK) is acceptable.

We can attempt a DP on tree, similar to partitioning tree into components of size K with certain shape constraints. The shape constraint: each component must be a path. That's more restrictive than just size K. However, we can try to root the tree and do DP that returns possible states for subtrees.

Idea: Since each component is a path, when we consider a subtree rooted at some node, the component containing the root may be partially built: the root may be an endpoint of its path, or an internal vertex of its path, or the path may be entirely within the subtree and not connect to the parent. In typical DP for tree partitioning into paths, we consider the root's component as a path that may extend upward to its parent. The root's component could be: (1) a complete path (i.e., already has K vertices and is closed, not connecting to parent), (2) a partial path that is open at the root (i.e., the root is an endpoint of a path that is not yet completed, and the path will continue to the parent), (3) a partial path where the root is an internal vertex of a path that will connect to the parent on both sides? Actually, if the root is internal, then it would have two connections within its path: one to a child and one to the parent. But in a tree, the root has parent only if we consider upward direction. So the root could be an internal vertex of its path, meaning it has two neighbors in the path: one in its subtree (child) and one its parent. But then the root would have degree 2 within the path. However, the root's degree in the tree may be more, but extra edges would be cut (inter-path edges). So the root's component could be a path where the root is an endpoint (only one neighbor in the path) or an internal point (two neighbors). But if it's internal, then it must have exactly two incident edges that belong to the path: one to a child (in the subtree) and one to its parent. That would mean the root is not an endpoint. However, the root's component could also be entirely within the subtree and not connect to parent, in which case the root could be endpoint or internal, but then the edge to parent is cut.

Thus we need DP states that capture the configuration of the component containing the root relative to the parent.

Let's define DP for each node u (with parent p) that returns a set of possible "states" for the component that contains u and possibly extends upward to p. The component is a path; we need to know how many vertices are in the component so far (the part within the subtree of u that is connected to u and will be part of the same path that includes u and possibly p). Also, we need to know the "open ends" at u: whether the path is open at u (i.e., u is an endpoint of the partial path) or u is an internal vertex (i.e., the path goes through u, with two connections within the component: one to a child and one to parent). But if u is internal, then it must have exactly two incident edges that are part of the path: one to a child (in the subtree) and one to its parent. That would mean that within the subtree, there is exactly one child that is connected to u via a path edge (i.e., the component extends into that child), and all other children are either in separate components (cut) or maybe also connected but that would create degree >2 in the path. So at most one child can be connected to u via a path edge if u is an endpoint (i.e., the path has one open end at u), or exactly one child if u is internal? Actually, if u is internal, it has two neighbors in the path: one is its parent, and one is a child. So within the subtree, exactly one child is connected via a path edge. If u is an endpoint, it could have either 0 children connected (if the path ends at u and does not go into any child) or 1 child connected (if the path extends from u into a child, then u is endpoint but the path goes into child; then u has one neighbor in the path: that child). Wait, if u is an endpoint, then it has exactly one neighbor in the path. That neighbor could be its parent (if the path extends upward) or a child (if the path extends downward). So in the subtree, if u is an endpoint and the path extends upward to parent, then within the subtree, u may have 0 children connected (if the path ends at u) or possibly 1 child connected? Let's think: If u is an endpoint, the path has exactly one incident edge that is part of the path. That edge could be either to parent or to a child. If it is to parent, then within the subtree, u has no incident path edges to children (since the only path edge is upward). However, it could also be that u is endpoint but the path goes into a child, then the path edge is to that child, and there is no edge to parent (i.e., the edge to parent is cut). So in that case, within the subtree, u has exactly one child connected via path edge. So the number of children connected via path edges can be 0 or 1 depending on whether the path extends downward. But if u is internal (degree 2 in the path), then it must have exactly two incident path edges: one to parent and one to a child. So within the subtree, exactly one child is connected via path edge. So both endpoint (with downward extension) and internal have exactly one child connected. The difference is whether the path also connects to parent (internal) or not (endpoint with downward extension). Also, endpoint with upward extension has 0 children connected.

Thus we need to differentiate three cases for the component containing u relative to parent:

- State A: The component is "closed" within the subtree, meaning the edge to parent is cut, and the component containing u is a complete path of size K (i.e., already has exactly K vertices) and is a path (so it's a valid component). In this case, u's component does not interact with parent.

- State B: The component is "open" and u is an endpoint of the partial path, and the path will connect to parent via the edge (u,p) as part of the path. That is, the edge (u,p) is used as a path edge, and u is an endpoint of the path that extends upward. Then within the subtree, the partial path has some size s (1 <= s < K) and u is one endpoint; the other endpoint is somewhere in the subtree (maybe at a leaf). The path will be completed by adding vertices from the parent side (including possibly other subtrees) to reach total size K. In this state, the edge to parent is used (so not cut), and u's degree in the path is 1 (only connection to parent within the path). Within the subtree, u may have 0 or 1 children connected via path edges? If u is an endpoint and the path extends upward, then u's only path edge is to parent. So within the subtree, u must have 0 children that are connected via path edges; otherwise, u would have degree >=2 in the path (if it also connects to a child). However, could it have a child connected via path edge and still be an endpoint? No, because then u would have two incident path edges: one to child and one to parent, making it internal. So if u is endpoint and the path uses edge to parent, then u cannot have any child connected via path edge. So in state B, u has no child that is in the same component (i.e., all children are either in separate components or maybe some are also connected but that would break path property). Actually, if a child is connected via path edge, then u would have degree 2 in the path, making it internal, not endpoint. So indeed, for state B, the partial path consists solely of u? Wait, if u has no child connected, then the partial path within the subtree is just u itself (size 1). But could there be a scenario where the path extends upward from u, but also includes some vertices below u that are not directly connected via a path edge to u? That seems impossible because the component is connected via tree edges. If u is endpoint and the path includes vertices in the subtree, they must be reachable from u via path edges. Since the only way to go from u to other vertices in the subtree is through its children. If u is endpoint and the path uses edge to parent, then the path's other endpoint is somewhere in the subtree, meaning the path goes from parent down to u and then further down into the subtree? That would require u to be internal (since the path would go parent-u-child). So if u is endpoint and the path extends upward, then the path's other endpoint cannot be in the subtree; it must be elsewhere (maybe above). So the partial path within the subtree is just u alone. So state B corresponds to: u is a single-vertex open path that will connect to parent to form a larger path. So size s=1, and u is endpoint.

But is it possible that the partial path has size >1 and u is endpoint with upward connection? Consider a path that goes: ... - parent - u - child1 - ... . In that case, u is internal because it has two path edges (to parent and to child1). So that's not endpoint. So indeed, if u is endpoint and connected to parent, then u must have no other path edges, so the component in the subtree is just u. So state B is essentially: u is a singleton that will be attached to parent as an endpoint.

- State C: The component is "open" and u is an internal vertex of the partial path, and the path will connect to parent via edge (u,p) as one of the two incident edges. Then within the subtree, u has exactly one child that is connected via a path edge (the other incident edge of the path). The partial path has some size s (2 <= s < K) and u is not an endpoint; it's somewhere in the middle. The path extends upward to parent and downward to that child. The other endpoint of the partial path is somewhere in the subtree (descendant of that child). So the partial path is like a "chain" that goes from some leaf in subtree up to u, and then continues to parent. So u is internal.

- State D: The component is "open" and u is an endpoint of the partial path, but the path does NOT connect to parent; i.e., the edge (u,p) is cut, and the path extends downward into the subtree. Then u is an endpoint, and the partial path has size s (1 <= s < K) and will be completed within the subtree (i.e., no connection to parent). However, if the path is not connected to parent, then the component is entirely within the subtree. But then it should be a complete path of size K? Not necessarily; it could be a partial path that will be completed by merging with something else? But since there is no connection to parent, the component must be a complete path of size K, because there is no way to add more vertices from outside the subtree. But we are considering the DP for the subtree; if the component is not connected to parent, then it must be a complete component (size K) and valid. That's state A. So state D would be a partial path that is not connected to parent but also not complete; but then how would it become complete? It would need to connect to something else, but the only connection to outside is through parent. If we cut that edge, the component is isolated. So it must be complete. So there is no state where the component is open but not connected to parent. So the only open states are those that connect to parent. So we have two open states: endpoint (B) and internal (C). Also, we have closed state (A) where the component is complete and not connected to parent.

But wait: Could there be a scenario where the component containing u is a complete path of size K, but also the edge to parent is used? That would mean the path includes the parent, so it's not complete within the subtree. So that's not closed. So closed means the edge to parent is cut.

Thus DP states: For each node u, we compute the set of possible (type, size) pairs for the component that contains u and is connected to u and possibly to parent. But size is important because we need to ensure that when we combine with parent, the total size of the path does not exceed K, and eventually each path must have exactly K vertices.

However, we also need to ensure that the component is a path. The DP must enforce that the component formed within the subtree is a path (i.e., no branching). That imposes constraints on how we combine children.

We can do DP that returns, for each node u, a map from "state" to possible "size" of the partial path that includes u and is open to parent (i.e., will connect to parent). But size is limited to <= K. Actually, the partial path size must be less than K because if it were K, then it would be a complete path and should not connect to parent (since connecting would make it larger). So for open states, size < K.

But we also need to consider that there may be multiple ways to partition the subtree: some children may be assigned to separate components (i.e., their components are closed and not connected to u), and exactly one child (if any) may be connected to u via a path edge (if u is internal or endpoint with downward connection). However, if u is endpoint with upward connection (state B), then no child is connected. If u is internal (state C), exactly one child is connected. If u is closed (state A), then u is part of a complete component that does not connect to parent; in that case, u may have connections to children? If u is part of a complete component that is a path, and the component does not connect to parent, then u could be internal or endpoint within that component. But then the component includes some children as part of the same path. However, if the component is closed and does not connect to parent, then the edge to parent is cut. But within the subtree, the component could include u and some of its descendants. That component must be a path of size K. In that scenario, u may have degree within the component: if u is endpoint, it could have 0 or 1 child connected? Actually, if u is endpoint of the path and the path is entirely within the subtree, then u could have either 0 children in the component (if u is the endpoint and the path goes upward? but upward is parent, which is cut, so u would be endpoint with no child in component, meaning the component is just u? That would be size 1, but K may be >1. So more likely, u is endpoint and the path goes into one child, so u has exactly one child connected. If u is internal, it has two children connected? But in a tree, a node can have at most two incident edges in a path. If u is internal in a path, it has two neighbors in the path. Those neighbors could be two children, or one child and the parent. Since parent is cut, both neighbors must be children. So u would have exactly two children that are part of the same path component. But wait, in a tree, a node can have many children, but in a path component, it can have at most 2 incident edges from the component. So if u is internal and the component does not include the parent, then u must have exactly two children that are connected via path edges, and those two children are part of the same path (one on each side). That is possible if the path goes through u, with two branches descending. However, in a tree, if u has two children that are both in the same path, the path would go from one child subtree up to u then down to the other child subtree. That is a valid path (like a "V" shape). But is that allowed? The path must be a simple path, i.e., no vertex repeated. That shape is fine: it's just a path that goes through u, with two incident edges to two different children. That's okay. So in a closed component, u could have 0, 1, or 2 children connected, depending on whether u is isolated (size 1), endpoint (1 child), or internal (2 children). But note: if u has 2 children connected, then the component includes both subtrees, and the path goes through u. However, we must ensure that the component is a single path, not a branching. Having two children connected is okay as long as each child's contribution is a path that attaches at its endpoint to u. For each child, the connection must be such that the child's component is an open path that connects to u at its endpoint (since u is adjacent to that child, and the path goes from u into that child). So the child must be in a state where it is an endpoint of its partial path and that endpoint is the child itself, and the edge (u, child) is used as a path edge. That corresponds to the child being in state B? Actually, if child is endpoint and connects to parent (u), then the child's state is B (endpoint with upward connection). In that case, the child's partial path size is 1? Wait, state B for child: child is endpoint and the path uses edge to parent (u). That means the child's component is just the child itself (size 1) and it will connect to u. But if we want the path to go from u into child and then further down into child's subtree, then child must be internal or endpoint with downward extension? Let's analyze.

When we consider a child v of u, the DP for v gives possibilities for the component containing v relative to u (its parent). The states for v are:

- Closed (A): v's component is complete and does not connect to u. Then edge (u,v) is cut.

- Open endpoint (B): v is an endpoint of a partial path, and the edge (u,v) is used as a path edge, and v is the endpoint. In this state, v's partial path size is 1? Actually, could it be larger? Suppose v is endpoint and the path extends upward to u. Then the path includes v and possibly some vertices below v? If v is endpoint, the path has only one incident edge in the component. If that edge is to u, then v cannot have any child connected via path edge, because that would give it two incident edges. So the partial path within v's subtree is just v itself. So size = 1. So state B always has size = 1? Let's verify: Could there be a scenario where v is endpoint, the path uses edge to u, but also v has a child that is connected via path edge? That would make v internal (two incident edges). So no. So state B implies the component containing v is exactly {v} (size 1) and it's open to parent. So size = 1.

- Open internal (C): v is internal of a partial path, and the edge (u,v) is used as one of the two incident edges. Then v has exactly one child (in its subtree) that is connected via path edge (the other incident edge). The partial path size is some s (>=2) and v is not an endpoint. In this state, the path goes from u into v and then continues down into that one child. So the partial path includes v and a chain descending from that child. The other endpoint of the partial path is somewhere in that child's subtree.

Thus, when u wants to connect to a child v via a path edge, v must be in either state B or state C. In state B, v contributes just itself (size 1) and the connection is at an endpoint (v is endpoint). In state C, v contributes a path of size s (>=2) where v is internal, so the connection to u is at an endpoint? Actually, in state C, v is internal, so the path goes through v. The edge (u,v) is one of the two incident edges. So from u's perspective, connecting to v in state C means that the path enters v from u and then goes out to v's child. So the connection point at v is not an endpoint; it's an interior point. But that's okay; u can be adjacent to an internal vertex of the path. For example, if u is endpoint of its own partial path, and it connects to v which is internal, then the combined path would have u as endpoint, then edge to v, then continue through v to its child. That would make v internal (degree 2) and u endpoint. That's fine. Alternatively, if u is internal, it could connect to v which is internal, but then u would have two connections: one to parent and one to v, and v would have two connections: one to u and one to its child. That would create a longer path where both u and v are internal. That's also fine as long as degrees don't exceed 2.

So we need to allow combinations.

Now, for a given node u, we need to decide which children (if any) are connected to u via path edges, and what states those children are in, and also decide the state of u itself (A, B, C). The children not connected must be in closed state (A) because if they are open, they would need to connect to u, but we are not using that edge as path edge, so the edge must be cut, meaning the child's component must be closed (complete). However, could a child be in open state but we cut the edge? No, because if the child is in open state (B or C), that means the edge (u,v) is used as a path edge; it's part of the component. If we cut the edge, then the child's component would be disconnected from u, but then the child's open state would be invalid because it expects to connect to parent. So if we decide not to use edge (u,v) as a path edge, then the child must be in closed state (A). So each child either is closed (A) or is open and we use the edge, in which case the child's state is either B or C.

Now, the number of children that are open and connected to u must be consistent with u's state:

- If u is in state B (endpoint, upward connection): then u has exactly one incident path edge, which is to its parent. Therefore, u must have 0 children connected via path edges. So all children must be closed (A).

- If u is in state C (internal, upward connection): then u has exactly two incident path edges: one to parent, and one to a child. So exactly one child must be open (connected), and that child can be in either state B or C? Let's see: If the child is in state B (size 1, endpoint), then connecting u to that child would give u an incident edge to child, and child is endpoint. Then u would have two incident edges: parent and child. That's fine; u is internal. The child is endpoint. So the path would be ... parent - u - child (endpoint). That's a path where child is endpoint. So child state B is allowed. If the child is in state C (internal), then the path goes parent - u - child - ... . Then u is internal, child is internal. That's also allowed. So exactly one child open, and that child can be B or C.

- If u is in state A (closed): then u is part of a complete component that does not connect to parent. In this case, the edge to parent is cut. The component containing u is a path of size K entirely within the subtree. Within this component, u may have 0, 1, or 2 incident path edges to children (since parent is not part of it). The number of children connected via path edges must equal the degree of u within the component. Since the component is a path, u can have degree 0, 1, or 2 in the component. Degree 0 means u is isolated (component size 1). But if K>1, that can't happen unless K=1. Degree 1 means u is an endpoint of the path, and exactly one child is connected (the path goes from u into that child). Degree 2 means u is internal, and exactly two children are connected (the path goes through u, with one child on each side). So in state A, u can have 0, 1, or 2 open children, but the total size of the component must be exactly K, and the component must be a single path. Also, note that if u has 0 open children, then the component is just u (size 1). If u has 1 open child, then the component is a path that starts at u (endpoint) and goes into that child's subtree, ending somewhere. The child must be connected in such a way that the path attaches at u. For the child, being connected to u means the child is in an open state (B or C) where the edge is used. But careful: If u is endpoint and connects to a child, then from u's perspective, the child is the next vertex in the path. For the child, the connection to u must be such that the child is an endpoint of its partial path (since the path goes from u to child and then continues? Actually, if u is endpoint, then the path goes u -> child -> ... . So at child, the edge to u is one of its incident edges in the path. The child could be endpoint (if the path ends at child) or internal (if the path continues beyond child). If child is endpoint, then the path would be u - child, and child is endpoint. That would mean the component has size 2. If child is internal, then the path continues, so child has another incident edge to its own child. So both are possible. So for u with one open child, the child can be in state B or C. However, if child is in state B (size 1), then the component size contributed by child is 1, so total size = 1 (u) + 1 = 2. If child is in state C (size s >=2), then total size = 1 + s. But note that in state C, the child is internal, meaning its partial path has size s and includes the child and its descendant chain. The connection point at child is not an endpoint; it's internal. So when we attach u as an endpoint to child, the combined path will have u as one endpoint, then edge to child, then from child the path continues to its other side. That yields a valid path. So yes.

If u has two open children, then u is internal in the component, with two incident edges to two children. The path goes from one child subtree up to u then down to the other child subtree. For each child, the connection must be such that the child's partial path attaches at u at an endpoint of that child's partial path? Actually, consider the path: ... - (some vertex in child1's subtree) - ... - child1 - u - child2 - ... - (some vertex in child2's subtree). For this to be a simple path, the connection from u to child1 must be such that child1 is an endpoint of its partial path (the side that connects to u). Because if child1 were internal, then the path would go ... - (some vertex) - child1 - (another vertex) - ... and also child1 - u, which would give child1 degree 3 in the path (two from its own subtree plus u). That's not allowed. So for a child that is connected to u as a neighbor in the path, the child must be an endpoint of its partial path, with the edge to u being the only incident edge from the path on that side. In other words, the child must be in state B (endpoint) if it connects to u as a neighbor, because state B means the child is an endpoint and the edge to parent is used. Wait, state B means child is endpoint and the edge to parent is used. That exactly matches: child is endpoint, and the edge to u (parent) is used. So the child's partial path is just the child itself (size 1) if state B. But could the child be in state C and still be an endpoint on the side connecting to u? In state C, the child is internal, meaning it has two incident path edges: one to its parent (u) and one to its child. So it is not an endpoint; it's internal. So if u connects to a child in state C, then the child has degree 2 in the path (one to u, one to its own child). That would make the child internal. Then u would have an edge to that child, and the child has another edge to its own child. That's fine if u is endpoint? Let's examine: Suppose u is endpoint of the overall component, and it connects to child v which is internal. Then the path is: u - v - ... . In this case, v is internal (degree 2), u is endpoint (degree 1). That's allowed. So for u being endpoint, connecting to a child in state C is okay; the child is internal, not endpoint. So the child does not need to be endpoint. However, if u is internal and connects to two children, then each child must be endpoint on the side connecting to u, because otherwise the child would have degree 3? Let's analyze: If u is internal, it has two incident edges: one to parent (if any) or to two children. In the closed component (no parent), u internal means it has exactly two neighbors in the path, both children. For each child, the edge to u is one of its incident edges in the path. If a child were internal (state C), it would have two incident edges: one to u and one to its own child. That would give the child degree 2, which is fine. But then the path would go: ... (from one child's subtree) - child1 - u - child2 - ... . In this scenario, child1 is internal (since it connects to u and to its own child). That's okay; the path is still a simple path: it goes from some endpoint in child1's subtree, up to child1, then to u, then to child2, then to some endpoint in child2's subtree. This is a valid path as long as there is no branching. So child1 being internal is allowed. However, we must ensure that the path does not have a vertex with degree >2. child1 has degree 2 (to its own child and to u), fine. So why did I earlier think child must be endpoint? Because if child is internal, then the path goes through child, meaning the child has two connections: one to u and one to its own child. That's okay. The only issue would be if the child also had another connection to another vertex in the path, but it doesn't. So internal is fine.

But wait, consider the structure: The component is a path. If u is internal and connects to two children v and w, then the path must go through u. The two children are on opposite sides of u. For the path to be simple, the subpath from v's side must end at v (i.e., v must be an endpoint of the subpath that includes v and its descendants). Because if v were internal, then the subpath from v's side would have v in the middle, meaning there are two directions from v: one towards u and one towards its own child. That's exactly what we need: v is internal, with one edge to u and one edge to its child. That's fine. The endpoint of that side is somewhere in v's subtree (descendant). So v can be internal. So both children can be in state C (internal) or one could be state B (endpoint). So the earlier restriction that child must be endpoint when u is internal is not necessary. However, there is a subtlety: If a child is in state C, its partial path includes v and a chain descending. The connection to u is at v, which is internal. That means the partial path has two endpoints: one is somewhere deep in the subtree (the leaf of that chain), and the other is... Actually, in state C, v is internal, so the partial path has two endpoints: one is the endpoint in the subtree (descendant) and the other is the endpoint that is the parent side? Wait, state C is defined as v being internal and the edge to parent is used. That means the partial path is open at the parent side? Actually, we defined state C as "open internal" meaning the component is not complete and will connect to parent. In that state, the partial path has one endpoint in the subtree (the far end) and the other endpoint is the parent side? But if v is internal, then the path goes from the parent side into v and then out to the child. So the parent side is not an endpoint; it's an internal connection? Let's clarify: In a path, every vertex has degree 1 or 2. If v is internal, it has two neighbors in the path. One neighbor is its parent (u), the other is its child (some descendant). So the path extends in both directions: one direction goes to u and beyond (maybe to parent of u, etc.), the other direction goes to the child and beyond. So from the perspective of the subtree rooted at v, the partial path that includes v and its descendants is such that one endpoint is somewhere in the subtree (the far leaf), and the other endpoint is v itself? No, if v is internal, then v is not an endpoint; the endpoint on the parent side is not within the subtree; it's outside (u). So within the subtree, the partial path is not a complete path; it's a path that has one endpoint at some leaf in the subtree, and the other "end" is at v, but v is not an endpoint because it connects to u. So the partial path is open at v (it expects to connect to u). So in state C, the partial path is open at the parent side, and v is internal. So the open end is at v? Actually, the open end is the connection to parent; the path is not closed at that side. So the partial path has one endpoint in the subtree (the far leaf), and the other side is open at v (i.e., v is the vertex that will connect to parent). But v is not an endpoint of the partial path; it's the vertex where the path will continue to parent. However, in terms of the structure, if we consider the induced subgraph on the vertices in the subtree that belong to this partial path, it is a path that has one endpoint at the far leaf, and the other endpoint at v? But if v is internal in the full path, then within the subtree, v would have degree 1 (only the edge to its child) if we ignore the connection to parent. Because the edge to parent is not part of the subtree's internal edges? Actually, the edge (u,v) is between v and its parent, which is outside the subtree. So within the subtree, the vertices of the partial path form a tree that is a path from v down to the far leaf, with v having degree 1 (only to its child) because the edge to parent is not included in the subtree's internal edges. So within the subtree, v is an endpoint of that path (since it only has one neighbor in the path within the subtree). That is important: In the DP, when we consider the subtree rooted at v, we treat the edge to parent as possibly used. If it is used, then within the subtree, the component containing v is not a complete component; it's a partial component that will connect to parent. In that partial component, v may have degree 1 within the subtree (if it's endpoint) or degree 2? Let's analyze: If v is in state B (endpoint, upward connection), then within the subtree, v has no children connected via path edges, so the component is just {v}. So v has degree 0 within the subtree (no edges to children in the component). But the edge to parent is used, so overall v has degree 1 in the full path. Within the subtree, it's isolated (just v). If v is in state C (internal, upward connection), then v has exactly one child connected via path edge. Within the subtree, v has one edge to that child (since the edge to parent is not counted within subtree). So within the subtree, v has degree 1 (connected to that child). So in both states B and C, within the subtree, v is an endpoint of the partial path? In state B, the partial path is just v, which can be considered an endpoint (trivially). In state C, the partial path is a path from v down to a leaf, with v having degree 1 (only to child). So v is an endpoint of that path within the subtree. Indeed, in both cases, the partial path within the subtree has v as one endpoint (the one that will connect to parent). So from the perspective of u, when we connect to v, we are attaching at an endpoint of v's partial path. That is crucial: In both states B and C, the connection point at v is an endpoint of the partial path (the side that connects to parent). In state B, the partial path is just v, so v is both endpoints, but the connection is at v. In state C, the partial path has v as one endpoint (the parent side) and the other endpoint deep in subtree. So indeed, when u connects to v, it attaches to an endpoint of v's partial path. This is necessary to keep the combined structure a path: if we attach at an internal point of v's partial path, that would create a branch (v would have three incident edges: two within its own partial path plus the edge to u). So the DP must enforce that when we use edge (u,v) as a path edge, v must be in a state where its partial path has an endpoint at v (i.e., v is the vertex that connects to parent). That is exactly what states B and C are: they are open states where the edge to parent is used, and v is the vertex that connects to parent. In both, v is the endpoint of the partial path on the parent side. So good.

Thus, for u, when it connects to a child v via a path edge, v must be in an open state (B or C). And the connection attaches at v's endpoint.

Now, for u's own state, we need to consider how many such connections it has (0,1,2) and whether it also connects to parent.

Let's formalize DP.

We root the tree arbitrarily, say at 1.

For each node u, we compute a set of possible "configurations" for the subtree of u. Each configuration is characterized by:

- The state of u relative to its parent: either "closed" (the component containing u is complete and does not connect to parent), or "open" with u being an endpoint (will connect to parent), or "open" with u being internal (will connect to parent). But we also need to know the size of the partial path that includes u and is open to parent. For closed state, the component is complete and has size K (must be exactly K). For open states, the partial path has some size s (1 <= s < K) and will be extended via the parent.

But we also need to ensure that the component is a path. The DP will enforce that by only allowing combinations that yield a path.

We can attempt to compute, for each node u, the set of possible (type, size) pairs that are achievable for the component containing u, given that the subtree is partitioned appropriately. However, the number of possible sizes could be up to K, and K can be up to 2e5 (since NK <= 2e5, K could be large). But total vertices is 2e5, so we might be able to store DP per node with a boolean array of size up to K? That could be O(NK^2) if done naively. We need something efficient.

Observing that the total number of vertices is 2e5, we might use DP with merging children using knapsack-like combination, but we need to limit complexity. Since each node's degree could be high, we need O(degree * something). The size of the partial path can be up to K, but K might be large. However, note that the sum of sizes across nodes might be manageable if we use a DP that only stores possible sizes as a set, and the number of possible sizes per node might be limited. Could it be that for each node, the number of achievable sizes is small? Possibly, but not guaranteed. We need a more clever approach.

Alternate perspective: Since we need to partition into paths of length K, this is similar to a "K-path cover" problem. There might be a necessary and sufficient condition based on counting and matching. For example, for K=1, it's trivial: each vertex is a path of length 1, always possible. For K=2, we need to partition into edges (matching) covering all vertices, i.e., a perfect matching. In a tree, a perfect matching exists iff the tree has a perfect matching (which can be checked by a simple DP). For general K, we need to partition into paths of K vertices. This is like a "K-path partition" or "K-linear forest" covering all vertices. This problem might be known as "partition tree into paths of equal length". There might be a greedy algorithm from leaves: repeatedly cut off paths of length K from leaves. Something like: if there is a leaf, we might need to include it in a path of length K, so we can try to extend from leaf upwards. This resembles a "matching" generalization: for K=2, we match leaves. For larger K, we might need to form paths by connecting leaves.

Consider a leaf node. In any decomposition, the leaf must be an endpoint of some path (since it has degree 1, it cannot be internal in a path because internal would require degree 2). Actually, a leaf could be internal if the path goes through it? No, internal vertex in a path has degree 2 within the path, but leaf has degree 1 in the tree, so it can only be an endpoint of the path (or isolated if K=1). So each leaf must be an endpoint of some path. So we can think of pairing up leaves into paths of length K. But paths can have internal vertices that are not leaves.

Maybe we can use a DP that counts how many "open ends" are available from the subtree. This is reminiscent of DP for tree partition into paths of length K where we treat each path as a sequence of vertices, and we need to connect open ends from children to the parent. This is similar to the problem "Tree Partition into Paths" (e.g., Codeforces problem "Decomposition of a Tree into Paths of Length K" maybe). I recall a known result: A tree can be partitioned into paths of length K if and only if for every vertex, the number of subtrees that have a certain property satisfies some condition. Possibly we can use a greedy algorithm: Do a DFS, and whenever a subtree has accumulated a path of length K, cut it off. More precisely, we can compute for each node the "depth" of the deepest open path from that node upward. This is like we try to form paths by matching open ends from children.

Let's attempt to design a DP that returns, for each node, the set of possible "heights" (or lengths) of the open path that goes upward from this node (i.e., the size of the partial path that includes this node and is not yet completed, and will connect to parent). This is similar to the DP for "tree partition into paths of length K" where we want to cover all vertices with vertex-disjoint paths of exactly K vertices. There is a known technique: For each node, we compute the number of "pending" paths from its children that need to be connected upward. We then decide to either connect some of them through this node, or start a new path. This is analogous to the problem of partitioning a tree into paths of length at most K, but here exactly K.

I think we can model it as: We need to select a set of edges to be "path edges" (the ones used within paths) such that each vertex has degree at most 2 in the subgraph formed by these edges, and the connected components are paths of exactly K vertices. The remaining edges (the ones not selected) are cut. This is like a degree-constrained subgraph problem.

Alternatively, we can think of it as a perfect matching in a hypergraph? Not helpful.

Let's try to derive necessary conditions.

Let the tree be T. Suppose we have a decomposition into N paths of length K. Consider the set of inter-path edges (the N-1 edges that connect different paths). If we contract each path into a supernode, the inter-path edges form a tree on N nodes (since the original tree is a tree, contracting each path yields a tree). So the structure of paths must be such that when you contract each path, you get a tree. This implies that the paths are arranged in a tree-like fashion. Moreover, each path has exactly two endpoints (unless K=1, then it's a single vertex which can be considered both endpoints). In the contracted tree, each path corresponds to a node, and the inter-path edges correspond to edges between these nodes. In the original tree, an inter-path edge connects a vertex from one path to a vertex from another path. Which vertices can be incident to inter-path edges? In a path, internal vertices have degree 2 within the path, so they cannot have any additional edges (since the tree degree is fixed). Actually, in the original tree, a vertex may have degree >2, but if it is internal in its path, it already uses two of its incident edges for the path (the two neighbors in the path). Any other incident edges must be inter-path edges (cut edges). So internal vertices can have inter-path edges as well, as long as total degree in tree equals degree in path plus number of inter-path edges. For a vertex that is an endpoint of its path, it uses one incident edge for the path (if K>1) or none if K=1. So endpoints can have additional inter-path edges. So inter-path edges can be incident to any vertex, but the number of such edges at a vertex is limited by its degree minus the number of path edges incident to it.

Now, the contracted tree has N nodes and N-1 edges. Each inter-path edge connects two paths. In the contracted tree, the degree of a path node equals the number of inter-path edges incident to vertices of that path. Since the contracted tree is a tree, the sum of degrees is 2(N-1). Also, each path of length K has K vertices. For a path, the total number of inter-path edges incident to its vertices can be computed. Let's denote for a path P, let x be the number of inter-path edges incident to its vertices. Then in the contracted tree, the degree of the node representing P is x (since each inter-path edge contributes one to the degree of each of the two paths it connects). So sum over paths of x = 2(N-1). Also, for each path, the sum over its vertices of (degree in tree - number of path edges incident) equals x. But maybe we can derive constraints on x based on K and the structure of the path.

Consider a path with vertices v1 - v2 - ... - vK (in order). The path edges are (vi, vi+1) for i=1..K-1. So each internal vertex vi (2 <= i <= K-1) has two path edges incident. Each endpoint v1 and vK has one path edge incident (if K>1). If K=1, the single vertex has 0 path edges. The total number of path edges incident to vertices in the path is 2(K-1) (since each edge contributes 2 to the sum of degrees). So sum over vertices of (path degree) = 2(K-1). The total degree sum of these vertices in the original tree is sum_{v in P} deg_T(v). Therefore, the total number of inter-path edges incident to P is sum_{v in P} (deg_T(v) - path_deg(v)). Let's denote d_P = sum_{v in P} deg_T(v) - 2(K-1). This must equal x, the number of inter-path edges incident to P. Since the contracted tree is a tree, x must be at least 1 for all but maybe leaf paths? Actually, in a tree, leaf nodes have degree 1. So there must be some paths with x=1. Also, the sum of x over all paths is 2(N-1). So average x = 2(N-1)/N ≈ 2 - 2/N. So most paths have x=1 or 2.

But this condition is necessary but not sufficient.

Maybe we can solve via DP with state representing the "excess" or "pending path length" from the subtree. This is similar to the problem of partitioning a tree into paths of length K, which I've seen in some contests. I recall a solution: Do a DFS, and for each node, compute the lengths of open paths from children that need to be connected upward. Then, if the sum of lengths from children plus 1 equals K, we can form a complete path and close it; otherwise, we pass up the longest open path? Not exactly.

Let's think about a greedy algorithm: Process the tree from leaves upward. Each leaf must be an endpoint of some path. So we can start from a leaf and try to extend a path of length K upwards. If we can reach a vertex where the path length becomes K, we cut it off. Otherwise, we have a partial path that needs to be connected further up. This is similar to the DP for "tree pruning" where we compute the distance to the nearest "cut" point.

We can define for each node u, after processing its subtree, we want to know the length of the open path that starts at u and goes upward (i.e., the size of the partial path that includes u and is not yet completed, and will be extended to its parent). This open path must be a simple path that goes from u up to some descendant? Actually, it goes from u upward to parent, but within the subtree, it includes u and possibly some descendants that are connected in a chain. So the open path is a path that has one endpoint at u (the side that will connect to parent) and the other endpoint somewhere in the subtree (a leaf). So the length (number of vertices) of this open path is some value L (1 <= L < K). If L = K, then we could close it as a complete path without connecting to parent, but then u would not be open. So open means L < K.

Now, when we process node u, we have children v1,...,vm. For each child, after processing its subtree, we know the length of the open path that child would pass up to u (if any). That is, if the child's component is open and connects to u, then the child provides an open path of some length L_v (the size of the partial path that includes v and will connect to u). If the child's component is closed (complete), then it doesn't provide an open path; it's already a full path of size K, and the edge (u,v) is cut.

Our goal at node u is to decide which of these open paths from children to connect to u, and possibly also connect to parent, to form paths. The connections must be such that u's degree in the path subgraph is at most 2, and we must avoid cycles (but it's a tree, so connecting open paths through u will just concatenate them). Essentially, we can take at most two open paths from children and attach them to u (one on each side), and possibly also attach the parent side. If we attach two child open paths, then u becomes internal in a path that goes from one child's open path through u to the other child's open path. If we attach one child open path and also plan to attach parent, then u will be internal (if both sides used) or endpoint? Actually, if we attach one child and also parent, then u has two incident path edges: one to child, one to parent, so u is internal. If we attach only one child and no parent, then u is endpoint of a path that goes from u into that child (and then possibly further). But if we don't attach parent, then the path must be completed within the subtree, meaning that the total size of that path must be exactly K. So if we have an open path from a child of length L_v, and we attach u to it, then the combined open path would have length L_v + 1 (including u). If we do not attach parent, then we need this combined path to be exactly K, i.e., L_v + 1 = K, and then we can close it (making it a complete path). If L_v + 1 < K, then we would need to extend further upward (to parent) to reach K, so we would need to attach parent. If L_v + 1 > K, impossible because we can't shrink.

Similarly, if we attach two child open paths of lengths L1 and L2, then the combined path through u would have total length L1 + L2 + 1. If we do not attach parent, this must equal K to be a complete path. If we attach parent, then the total length would be L1 + L2 + 1 + (something from parent side) but the parent side will add more vertices, so the open path passed upward would have length L1 + L2 + 1 (since u is internal, the open path that goes upward from u would be the whole path from one child's endpoint through u to the other child's endpoint? Actually, if we attach two children and also parent, then u would have three incident path edges (two children + parent), which is not allowed (degree 3 in path). So we cannot attach two children and also parent. So the possibilities are:

- Connect 0 children to u via path edges. Then u is either isolated (if also no parent connection) or just connects to parent. If no parent connection, then u must be a complete path of size 1? But K may be >1, so that would only work if K=1. So for K>1, u must either connect to at least one child or to parent to be part of a path of size K. Actually, u could be part of a path that goes upward only (i.e., u is endpoint and connects to parent). Then u alone (size 1) is open to parent. That's allowed if we plan to extend upward. So with 0 children, u can be in state B (open endpoint) with size 1, passing upward. Or u could be closed if K=1.

- Connect 1 child. Then u has one incident path edge to that child. It may also connect to parent or not. If it connects to parent, then u is internal (state C) and the open path passed upward will have length L_child + 1 (since the path from the child's endpoint through u to parent side: the open path that includes u and the child's subtree, with u as internal, but the open end is at u? Wait, we need to define what we pass upward. If u connects to parent, then the partial path that includes u and the child's subtree is open at the parent side. The size of this partial path is L_child + 1 (including u). This will be passed to the parent as the length of the open path from u upward. If u does not connect to parent, then the path must be complete, so L_child + 1 must equal K, and we close it.

- Connect 2 children. Then u has two incident path edges to children. It cannot connect to parent (degree would be 3). So u is internal in a path that goes from one child's endpoint through u to the other child's endpoint. This path must be complete (since no parent connection), so L1 + L2 + 1 must equal K. Then we close it (no open path upward). Alternatively, could we have u as endpoint with two children? No, endpoint has degree 1.

Thus, the DP can be: For each node u, we compute the set of possible lengths L (1 <= L < K) of open paths that can be passed upward from u to its parent, where the open path has u as the endpoint that connects to parent. Also, we need to consider the possibility that the subtree can be fully partitioned without any open path (i.e., all components are closed), which would correspond to L = 0 (or a special state). But if the subtree is fully partitioned, then the edge to parent must be cut, and u must belong to some closed component. However, if u belongs to a closed component, then u is not available to connect to parent. So from the perspective of the parent, if the child's subtree is fully partitioned (i.e., no open path), then the edge (u,v) must be cut. So the child would not provide an open path. So for each child, we have two possibilities: either the child's subtree yields an open path of some length L (1 <= L < K) that connects to u, or it yields no open path (i.e., the child's component is closed and the edge is cut). In the latter case, the child's subtree is already partitioned into complete paths of size K, and the edge is not used.

Thus, for node u, we need to decide for each child whether we take its open path (if available) or not. If we take it, we must use the edge as a path edge, and the child's open path length L_v is added to the path through u. We can take at most two children (since u can have at most two incident path edges within its own component). Also, we may decide to connect to parent (i.e., have an open path upward) or not.

The goal is to see if we can assign choices such that all vertices in u's subtree are covered, and the resulting open path length (if any) is some L (1 <= L < K) that we can pass upward, or if we can close everything (no open path) and the edge to parent is cut.

We also need to ensure that the child's open path length L_v is such that when combined, we don't exceed K prematurely? Actually, when we combine, the total length of the path that includes u and the selected children's open paths must be either exactly K (if we close it) or less than K (if we leave it open to parent). There's no upper bound other than K; if the sum exceeds K, it's impossible because we can't have a path longer than K (since all paths must be exactly K). But could we have a path longer than K that then gets split? No, because each component must be exactly K. So any path we form must have exactly K vertices. So when we combine open paths, the total number of vertices in that component must be either K (if closed) or less than K (if open). It cannot exceed K. So we must ensure that L1 + L2 + 1 <= K (if two children) and L_child + 1 <= K (if one child and possibly parent). Actually, if we have one child and we also plan to connect to parent, the total length of the partial path (child's subtree + u) is L_child + 1, which must be < K (since we will add more from parent side). So L_child + 1 < K. If we have one child and no parent, then L_child + 1 must equal K. Similarly, for two children, L1 + L2 + 1 must equal K (since no parent). For zero children and parent connection, we have just u, so length 1, which must be < K (unless K=1). For zero children and no parent, we would have just u as a component of size 1, which only works if K=1.

Thus, the DP can be formulated as: For each node u, we compute a set S_u of possible lengths L (1 <= L < K) such that there exists a partition of the subtree of u where u is the endpoint of an open path of length L that will connect to its parent. Also, we compute a boolean closed_u indicating whether the subtree can be fully partitioned (i.e., all vertices are in closed paths of size K) with the edge to parent cut (so u is not part of an open path). Actually, closed_u means that the subtree can be partitioned such that u belongs to some closed component (which may include u and some descendants) and the edge to parent is cut. But note: if u is in a closed component, that component must be entirely within the subtree, and its size is exactly K. In that case, u is not available to connect to parent. So from the parent's perspective, the child's subtree would be "closed" (no open path). However, there could be multiple ways for the subtree to be closed: u could be part of a closed component that includes some children, or u could be in a closed component that is just itself if K=1. So we need to know whether it's possible for the subtree to be partitioned with the edge to parent cut. That's a boolean.

But also, when we consider combining children, we need to know for each child what open lengths are possible. So we need to compute for each child v the set of possible L_v (open lengths) and also whether v can be closed (i.e., no open path). However, if v can be closed, that means the edge (u,v) will be cut. If v can be open with some L, that means we can choose to use that open path, and then the edge is used as a path edge.

So for node u, we have a list of children. For each child, we have two options: either we cut the edge (child closed) or we take an open path of some length L (from the set of possible L for that child). We need to select at most two children to take open paths (since u can have at most two incident path edges), and possibly also take the parent connection (which will be represented by whether we leave an open path upward). The selection must satisfy the length constraints as described.

We also need to ensure that the rest of the children (those not taken) are closed (i.e., their subtrees are fully partitioned). So for each child, we need to know if it can be closed. If a child cannot be closed (i.e., its subtree cannot be partitioned without an open path to its parent), then we must take its open path (i.e., use the edge) because otherwise the child's subtree would be invalid. But wait, if a child cannot be closed, that means there is no way to partition its subtree such that the edge to parent is cut. However, could we still cut the edge and have the child's subtree partitioned? No, because if the child's subtree cannot be partitioned with the edge cut, then any valid partition of the whole tree must have the edge used as a path edge (i.e., child open). So for such a child, we are forced to take its open path. Conversely, if a child can be closed, we have the option to cut the edge or use it.

Thus, we need for each child v: a set Open_v of possible lengths L (1 <= L < K) for which there exists a partition of v's subtree with v being the endpoint of an open path of length L (connecting to parent). Also a boolean Closed_v indicating whether there exists a partition of v's subtree with the edge cut (i.e., v not open). Note that Closed_v could be true even if Open_v is non-empty; it's just that there exists at least one partition where v is closed.

Now, at node u, we need to decide which children to take open paths from (at most two) and what lengths they have, and also decide whether u will be open to parent (and if so, what length L_u will be passed up) or closed (i.e., u's component is complete and edge to parent cut). The decision must satisfy:

- If we take k children with open paths (k = 0,1,2), then the total number of incident path edges at u is k plus (1 if u is open to parent else 0). This total must be <= 2 (since max degree in path is 2). Actually, if u is open to parent, that counts as one incident edge. So total incident path edges = k + (open_to_parent?1:0). This must be <= 2. Also, if u is closed (not open to parent), then total = k must be <= 2, but also if k=0, then u would be isolated, which only works if K=1 (since a component of size 1 is a path of length 1). So for K>1, if u is closed and k=0, it's impossible unless K=1. Similarly, if u is closed and k=1, then the component containing u includes that child's open path and u, and must have total size exactly K. So we need L_child + 1 = K. If u is closed and k=2, then L1 + L2 + 1 = K.

- If u is open to parent, then total incident edges = k + 1 must be <= 2, so k <= 1. So we can take at most one child open if we also connect to parent. Also, the total size of the partial path (including u and the child's open path if any) must be less than K, because we will add more vertices from parent side. Specifically, if k=0, then the open path length L_u = 1 (just u). If k=1, then L_u = L_child + 1, and we require L_u < K.

Additionally, we must ensure that for children not taken, they are closed (i.e., Closed_v must be true). For children taken, we need to pick a specific L from their Open_v set.

Thus, the DP reduces to: Given a list of children, each with a set Open_v and a boolean Closed_v, determine the set of possible L_u (1 <= L_u < K) for which there exists a selection of at most one child (if open to parent) or at most two children (if closed) satisfying the constraints, and also the possibility of being closed (i.e., u's component complete) which corresponds to not having an open path upward.

But we also need to consider that for a child taken, we must choose a specific L from its Open_v. So we need to know, for each child, the possible lengths. This could be many. However, we might be able to compress this information: For each child, the set Open_v might be contiguous? Possibly not. But maybe we can prove that Open_v is either empty or a single value? Let's test with small examples.

Consider a leaf node. For a leaf, it has no children. What are the possible partitions of its subtree (just itself)? If K=1, then the leaf can be a closed component of size 1 (so Closed = true) and also can be open with length 1 (since it can connect to parent as an endpoint). If K>1, the leaf cannot be a closed component because a component of size 1 is not K (unless K=1). So Closed = false. However, it can be open with length 1 (since it can be the start of a path that will be extended upward). So Open = {1}. So for a leaf with K>1, Open = {1}, Closed = false.

Consider a node with one child that is a leaf (K>2 maybe). Let's compute. Suppose K=3. Leaf child: Open = {1}, Closed = false. For the parent u, we need to consider possibilities. Could u be closed? If u is closed and takes the child open, then we need L_child + 1 = K => 1+1=2 !=3, so not possible. If u is closed and does not take child (k=0), then u alone size 1 !=3. So closed not possible. Could u be open? If u is open and takes child (k=1), then L_u = L_child+1 = 2, which is <3, so possible. If u is open and does not take child (k=0), then L_u=1, also <3. So Open_u = {1,2}. Also, could u be closed with two children? Only one child. So Open_u = {1,2}. Closed_u = false. So Open set has two values.

Consider a more complex subtree, Open sets might have multiple values. So we need to handle possibly many values per node. However, total vertices is 2e5, and K can be up to 2e5. In worst case, each node could have Open set of size O(K), leading to O(NK) total, which could be 4e10, too large. But maybe the structure restricts the number of possible lengths per node to O(degree) or something? Not obviously.

We need a more efficient method. Perhaps we can use a greedy approach: For each node, we can compute the "best" (or only) possible open length, because the constraints force a unique value. Let's explore further.

Consider the DP more carefully. When we have multiple children, we may have choices of which child to take (if we take one) and which lengths to pick. However, the condition that the total length must be either exactly K (if closed) or less than K (if open) might restrict possibilities heavily. Also, note that if we take a child with open length L, that child's subtree is already partitioned in a specific way that yields that open length. But there might be multiple ways to partition the child's subtree yielding different L. However, perhaps we can always choose the smallest possible L or something? Not necessarily.

Let's think about the problem from a different angle: This is essentially a "exact path cover" problem. There might be a known polynomial-time algorithm using matching on a transformed graph. For trees, we can use a DP with states representing the "distance to the nearest endpoint" or something.

Another idea: Since each path has exactly K vertices, we can think of labeling each vertex with a "residue" modulo K along the path? Not sure.

Consider rooting the tree and performing a DFS that returns the "depth" of the deepest unmatched vertex. This is similar to the problem of partitioning a tree into paths of length K where you can cut off paths when the depth reaches K. Actually, there is a classic problem: "Given a tree, can you partition it into paths of length L?" I recall a solution: Do a DFS, and for each node, compute the lengths of paths from its children that are not yet completed. Then, if any child gives a path of length K-1, you can complete a path by connecting to the node and cutting off. Otherwise, you pass up the maximum length +1. But that's for covering all edges? Not sure.

Let's try to design a greedy algorithm that always works if possible. Process leaves: each leaf must be an endpoint. So we can start from leaves and try to extend a path of length K upward. When we reach a node where the accumulated length equals K, we cut the path there and remove those vertices. This is similar to a "pruning" algorithm. However, we must ensure that the remaining tree can still be partitioned. This resembles the algorithm for "tree partition into stars" or something.

I think a DP with state compression might be feasible if we note that the open length L is essentially the number of vertices in the current partial path from the "top" of the subtree to the node. This is like a "height" value. The number of possible heights per node might be limited because the tree size is limited and K is fixed. But in worst case, a node could have many children, each offering a range of heights, leading to many combinations. However, we might be able to compute the set of possible L_u using a knapsack-like DP over children, but we need to limit the number of distinct L values.

Observing that the total number of vertices is 2e5, and K can be up to 2e5, but the sum over all nodes of (size of Open set) might be bounded by O(NK) in worst case, which is too large. But maybe we can prove that Open set is always an interval (contiguous) of integers? If that's true, then we can store just the minimum and maximum possible L, and perhaps some gaps? Let's test with examples.

Take a node with two children, each can provide open lengths in some sets. The possible L_u when open (with one child) is L_child+1. So if each child's Open set is an interval, then the set of possible L_u from taking one child is the Minkowski sum of {1} plus the child's interval, which is also an interval. For closed with two children, L1+L2+1 = K, so we need pairs (L1, L2) such that L1 in Open1, L2 in Open2, and L1+L2+1 = K. This is like a sum to a constant. If Open sets are intervals, then the existence of such a pair can be checked by checking if the intervals overlap appropriately. But the set of possible L_u for open is not directly needed; we just need to know which L_u are achievable. However, for closed, we don't need to produce L_u; we just need to know if closed is possible. For open, we need to know the set of achievable L_u to pass upward.

If Open sets are intervals, then the set of achievable L_u (when open with one child) is also an interval (shifted by 1). For open with no child, it's just {1}. So overall, the set of achievable L_u might be a union of intervals, but perhaps it simplifies to a single interval? Let's test with a node that has two children, both with Open intervals [1,2] and [1,2]. Then if we take one child, possible L_u = [2,3] (since 1+1=2, 2+1=3). If we take no child, L_u=1. So achievable L_u = {1} ∪ [2,3] = [1,3] which is contiguous. If intervals are [1,1] and [3,3], then taking one child gives {2,4}. Plus no child gives {1}. So achievable = {1,2,4}. That's not contiguous. But can such Open intervals occur? Let's see if a child can have Open set = {3} only. That would mean that from that child's subtree, the only way to have an open path to parent is with length exactly 3. Is that possible? Possibly. For example, consider a subtree that is a path of length 3 (4 vertices) but K is larger? Wait, open length must be < K. Suppose K=5. Could a subtree have only one possible open length? Let's construct: a node with two children that are leaves? Actually, we need to compute Open sets recursively. It might be possible to have discrete sets. However, maybe the constraints force Open sets to be intervals because the DP combination rules are monotonic? Not obviously.

But maybe we don't need to store all possible L; we can instead store the minimum possible L and maximum possible L, and also perhaps some parity or something. However, the example above shows that achievable L might not be contiguous, so min/max may not capture all possibilities. But perhaps we can prove that if a certain L is achievable, then all intermediate L are also achievable? Let's test with a simple tree to see if gaps can occur.

Consider K=4. Build a node u with two children v and w. Suppose v's subtree can only produce open length 1 (maybe v is a leaf). w's subtree can only produce open length 2 (maybe w has a child leaf). Then for u open with one child: taking v gives L_u=2, taking w gives L_u=3. Also no child gives L_u=1. So achievable L_u = {1,2,3}. That's contiguous. To get a gap, we need a scenario where, say, L=2 is not achievable but L=1 and L=3 are. That would require that no child can give L=1 (so L_u=2 from taking a child with L=1) and also no child can give L=2 (to get L_u=3) but we have L_u=3 from taking a child with L=2. So we need a child with Open set containing 2 but not 1, and another child with Open set containing 1 but not 2? Actually, L_u=2 comes from taking a child with L=1. So if no child has L=1, then L_u=2 not achievable. L_u=3 comes from taking a child with L=2. So if some child has L=2, then L_u=3 achievable. Also L_u=1 from no child. So gap at 2. So we need a child that has Open set containing 2 but not 1, and no child has Open set containing 1. Is it possible for a child to have Open set = {2} but not 1? Let's see if a subtree can have only open length 2 and not 1. For a node to have open length 1, it must be that the node itself is the only vertex in the open path (i.e., it doesn't take any child). That's always possible if the node can be open with no children, which requires that the node's subtree can be partitioned such that the node is open and no child is taken. That would typically be possible if the node can be open with length 1, which often is possible unless constraints prevent it. For a node, being open with length 1 means that the node is an endpoint of a partial path that will connect to parent, and none of its children are used in that path. That requires that all children can be closed (i.e., their subtrees can be partitioned without needing to connect to this node). So if a node has at least one child that cannot be closed, then the node cannot be open with length 1 because that child would force an open path to be taken. So it's possible that a node's Open set does not include 1 if it has a child that cannot be closed. For example, a leaf has Open={1} (since it can be open with length 1). But a node with a child that cannot be closed might still be able to be open with length >1 by taking that child's open path. Could it be that the only way to be open is by taking that child, resulting in L = L_child+1, and L_child might be >1, so L could be >=2, and L=1 might be impossible. So Open set could be {2} if the only possible open configuration is taking a child with L_child=1? That would give L=2, but then L=1 would be impossible because the child cannot be closed. But if the child has Open={1} and cannot be closed, then the node must take that child, giving L=2. Could the node also take the child with a different L? If child's Open set is only {1}, then only L=2. So Open_u = {2}. That's a single value, not containing 1. So indeed, Open_u can be {2}. Then if another child has Open={1} and cannot be closed, then taking that child gives L=2 as well. So still only 2. To get Open_u = {1,3} we need one child with Open={2} (giving L=3) and no child with Open={1}, but also the possibility of no child (L=1) requires that all children can be closed. If some child cannot be closed, then no-child option is invalid. So if there is a child that cannot be closed, then L=1 is not possible. So we could have Open_u = {3} if the only forced child gives L=3, and no-child not allowed. That's a single value. To get a gap, we need two different open options yielding different L, with a missing intermediate L. For example, Open_u = {1,3} would require that no-child gives L=1, and taking some child gives L=3, but taking a child with L=2 is not possible (so no child with Open containing 2), and also taking a child with L=1 would give L=2, but that child either doesn't exist or its Open doesn't contain 1? Actually, to get L=3 from taking a child, we need a child with Open containing 2. To get L=1, we need no-child option valid. So Open_u = {1,3} is possible if there is a child with Open={2} (and that child cannot be closed? Actually, if that child can be closed, we could choose not to take it, giving L=1, but then we also have the option to take it giving L=3. So that yields {1,3}. But is L=2 achievable? It would require taking a child with Open={1}. If no child has Open containing 1, then L=2 not achievable. So we need a child with Open={2} but not {1}, and no child with Open containing 1. Is it possible for a child to have Open={2} but not 1? As argued, if a child has a child that cannot be closed, it might force taking that grandchild, resulting in L=2, and L=1 impossible. So yes. So Open_u could be {1,3}. That's a gap at 2. So Open sets can be non-contiguous.

Thus, storing just min and max is insufficient.

But maybe we can still manage with a DP that uses bitsets? Since total vertices 2e5, and K up to 2e5, a bitset of size K per node would be too large. However, we might compress by noting that the sum of sizes of Open sets across all nodes might be bounded by O(NK) in worst case, but maybe the actual number of distinct L values per node is limited by the number of children? Because each open length comes from either taking no child or taking one child and adding 1. So the set of possible L_u is: {1} if no-child option valid, plus for each child v, the set {L+1 | L in Open_v} provided that taking that child is compatible (i.e., we can take that child and also possibly have other children closed). But we also need to ensure that when we take a child, the other children can be closed. That imposes that for the chosen child, we need that all other children are closeable. So the feasibility of taking a particular child v with a particular L depends on whether all other children can be closed. That's a global condition per child. So we might precompute for each child whether it is "mandatory" (cannot be closed) or optional. If a child is mandatory (Closed_v = false), then we must take it. If multiple children are mandatory, then we must take all of them? But we can only take at most one if we also connect to parent, or at most two if we close. So if there are more than two mandatory children, it's impossible. So the number of mandatory children is crucial.

Thus, we can categorize children into two types: those that can be closed (Closed_v = true) and those that cannot (Closed_v = false). Let's call them "optional" and "forced". Forced children must be taken (i.e., their open path must be used). Optional children may be taken or not.

Now, at node u, the number of forced children f must be <= 2, otherwise impossible (since we can take at most 2 children in any configuration). Also, if we plan to connect to parent (open), we can take at most 1 child total, so if f >= 2, then open is impossible; only closed with exactly f children (if f <=2) might be possible, but then we must also satisfy length constraints.

If f = 0, we have flexibility.

If f = 1, then we must take that forced child. Then we have two possibilities: either we also connect to parent (open) or we close (no parent). If we close, we cannot take any other child (since total children taken would be 1, which is okay for closed? Actually, closed with one child is allowed if L_child+1 = K. But we could also take an optional child in addition? If we close, we can take up to two children. Since we already have one forced, we could optionally take another optional child if that helps meet the length condition. But we must ensure total taken children <=2. So we could take one forced and optionally one optional. So we need to consider combinations.

If f = 2, then we must take both forced children. Then we cannot connect to parent (since that would make 3 incident edges). So we must close, and we must have L1 + L2 + 1 = K. Also, we cannot take any other children.

If f > 2, impossible.

Thus, the DP can be simplified by focusing on forced children and optional children.

Now, for each child, we need to know its Open set (possible lengths when taken) and also whether it can be closed. For forced children, Closed_v = false, so they must be taken. For optional children, Closed_v = true, but they also have Open set (maybe empty? If Closed_v = true, does Open_v have to be non-empty? Not necessarily; a child could be both closeable and openable with some lengths. But if Closed_v = true, it means there exists at least one partition where the child is closed. It might also have open possibilities. For optional children, we may choose to take them or not.

Now, the key is to compute, for node u, the set of possible L_u (open lengths) and whether closed is possible. To compute these, we need to consider combinations of children taken.

Given that the number of children can be large, we need an efficient way to compute the possible sums of lengths from taken children (plus 1) under the constraints of at most two taken children, and with forced children constraints.

This resembles a problem where we have a list of numbers (possible lengths from each child if taken) but each child may offer multiple possible lengths. However, we might be able to reduce the information per child to a small set: perhaps the minimum and maximum possible open length, and maybe some other property. But as we saw, gaps can occur, but maybe when combining at most two children, the set of achievable total lengths (L1+L2+1) can be determined from the sets of possible lengths of each child. However, we only need to know if there exists some combination that yields a specific total (for closed) or yields a specific L_u (for open). For open, L_u is either 1 (if no child taken) or L_child+1 for some child taken. So we need to know, for each possible L_child, whether taking that child is feasible (i.e., all other children can be closed). That depends on whether the other children are closeable. If there are forced children, they must be taken, so taking an optional child might be impossible if it would exceed the limit.

Thus, we can approach as follows:

For node u, let F be the list of forced children (must be taken). Let O be the list of optional children.

Let f = |F|.

Case analysis:

1. If f >= 3: impossible for this subtree -> return no possibilities.

2. If f = 2: then we must take both forced children. No other children can be taken (since max 2). Also, we cannot connect to parent (since that would add a third edge). So the only possibility is closed with these two children. We need to check if there exist L1 in Open_{v1} and L2 in Open_{v2} such that L1 + L2 + 1 = K. If yes, then closed_u = true. Also, open_u is impossible (since cannot connect to parent). Additionally, we must ensure that all optional children can be closed (i.e., Closed_v = true for each optional child). If any optional child cannot be closed, then the subtree cannot be partitioned because that child would be forced but we are not taking it. So we need Closed_v = true for all optional children. If that holds and the length condition is satisfied, then closed_u = true. Otherwise, no configuration.

3. If f = 1: let forced child v_f with Open set S_f. We must take v_f. We have two subcases: open to parent or closed.

   a) Open to parent: we can take at most one child total, so we take only v_f (no optional children). Then L_u = L_f + 1, where L_f ∈ S_f. Additionally, all optional children must be closeable (Closed_v = true). So if all optional children are closeable, then the set of possible L_u is { L_f + 1 | L_f ∈ S_f } provided that L_f + 1 < K (since open). Also, we must have L_f + 1 < K. If some L_f + 1 >= K, those are invalid for open (they would force the path to be at least K, but we could still be open if exactly K? No, open requires < K because we will add more from parent. If L_f+1 = K, then we could close the path at u without parent, but that would be closed, not open. So for open, we need L_f+1 < K. So we consider only L_f with L_f+1 < K.

   b) Closed: we can take v_f and possibly one optional child (since max 2). So we have two possibilities: take only v_f (k=1) or take v_f plus one optional child (k=2). For each, we need total length = K.

      - Take only v_f: then need L_f + 1 = K, with L_f ∈ S_f. Also, all optional children must be closeable (since not taken). So if exists L_f with L_f+1 = K and all optional closeable, then closed possible via this.

      - Take v_f and one optional child w: then need L_f + L_w + 1 = K, with L_f ∈ S_f, L_w ∈ S_w (Open set of w). Also, all other optional children (excluding w) must be closeable. So we need to check if there exists a pair (L_f, L_w) satisfying the sum, and that w is optional (Closed_w = true? Actually, w is optional, so it can be taken or not. Taking it is allowed as long as we don't exceed 2 children. We also need that w can be taken, i.e., it has an open length L_w (since we are taking it). So we need S_w non-empty. Also, all other optional children must be closeable.

   Additionally, could we take v_f and two optional children? No, max 2 children total, and we already have one forced, so at most one optional.

   Also, could we take no forced? Not possible because forced must be taken.

   So closed_u is true if any of these conditions hold.

   Also, could we be open with no child? Not possible because forced child must be taken, so we must take at least one child, so open with no child is not allowed.

4. If f = 0: no forced children. Then we have flexibility.

   Subcases:

   a) Open to parent: we can take 0 or 1 child (since max 1 when open). 

      - Take 0 children: then L_u = 1, provided that all children are closeable (i.e., for every child, Closed_v = true). Because if any child cannot be closed, we would be forced to take it, contradicting taking 0. So if all children are closeable, then L_u = 1 is possible (provided 1 < K, i.e., K>1; if K=1, then open with L=1 would actually be a complete path? But K=1 is special; we'll handle separately). For K>1, 1 < K, so okay.

      - Take 1 child w: then L_u = L_w + 1, with L_w ∈ S_w. Additionally, all other children (excluding w) must be closeable. So for each optional child w, if all other children are closeable, then we can achieve L_u = L_w+1 for each L_w in S_w, provided L_w+1 < K.

   So the set of possible L_u for open is: if all children closeable, include 1; plus for each child w, if all other children closeable, include {L_w+1 | L_w ∈ S_w, L_w+1 < K}.

   b) Closed: we can take 0, 1, or 2 children (since no forced). But if we take 0 children, then the component would be just u, size 1, which only works if K=1. For K>1, taking 0 children is invalid for closed. So for K>1, closed requires taking 1 or 2 children.

      - Take 1 child w: then need L_w + 1 = K, with L_w ∈ S_w, and all other children closeable.

      - Take 2 children w1, w2: then need L_w1 + L_w2 + 1 = K, with L_w1 ∈ S_w1, L_w2 ∈ S_w2, and all other children closeable.

   Also, could we take more than 2? No.

   So closed_u is true if any of these conditions hold.

Additionally, we must consider the special case K=1. If K=1, each path is a single vertex. Then the decomposition is trivial: each vertex is its own path. So answer is always Yes. But we need to check: The problem states N and K, with NK vertices. If K=1, then N = number of vertices, and we need N paths of length 1, which is always possible. So we can early return Yes for K=1. Similarly, if N=1, then we have a single path of length K covering all vertices; we just need to check if the tree is a path of length K (i.e., has exactly K vertices and is a path). But N=1 is covered by general DP? Possibly, but we can handle separately. But we can incorporate.

Now, the DP requires for each child v: the set S_v (Open lengths) and a boolean Closed_v. We also need to know, for each child, whether it is "closeable" (Closed_v true). That's part of the DP output.

So we need to compute these for each node from leaves upward.

The challenge is representing S_v efficiently. S_v is a set of integers between 1 and K-1 (since open lengths must be < K). The size of S_v could be large. However, note that the total number of possible open lengths across all nodes might be bounded by something like O(N) because each open length corresponds to a specific partial path configuration that uses a certain number of vertices. Maybe we can prove that S_v is always an interval? But we found a counterexample possibility. Let's test with a concrete tree to see if non-interval can actually arise under the constraints.

We need to construct a subtree where a node u has two children, one forced with Open={2} and one optional with Open={2}? Actually, to get Open_u = {1,3}, we need: all children closeable (so that no-child option gives L=1), and there exists a child w with Open containing 2 but not 1, and no child with Open containing 1. Is it possible for a child to have Open containing 2 but not 1? Let's try to construct such a child.

Consider a node v with one child c that is forced (cannot be closed). Suppose c is a leaf (Open={1}, Closed=false). Then for v, f=1 (forced child c). Let's compute v's Open and Closed.

We have K, say K=4. v has forced child c (leaf). So f=1. Compute v's possibilities:

- Open to parent: must take c, L_c=1, so L_v = 2. Also need all other children closeable (none). So Open_v = {2} (since 2<4). Could v also be open with no child? No, because forced child must be taken. So Open_v = {2}. Closed_v? Check closed possibilities: 
   * Take only c: need L_c+1 = 2 = K? No, K=4, so not.
   * Take c and an optional child? No optional children.
So Closed_v = false. So v's Open set is {2}, Closed false. So indeed, a node can have Open = {2} only.

Now, consider u as parent of v and another optional child w that is closeable and has Open maybe {1}? But we want w to have Open containing 2 but not 1? Actually, to get Open_u = {1,3}, we need a child with Open containing 2 (giving L_u=3) and no child with Open containing 1 (to avoid L_u=2). But we also need all children closeable to allow no-child option (L_u=1). In our scenario, v is forced? Wait, v's Closed is false, so v cannot be closed. That means v is a forced child for u (since it cannot be closed). So u would have f>=1. If u has forced child v, then no-child option is not allowed because v must be taken. So L_u=1 would not be possible. So to have L_u=1, all children must be closeable. So we need v to be closeable. But v we just constructed is not closeable. So to have a child with Open={2} and also closeable, we need a node that can be both open with length 2 and closed. Is that possible? Let's try to construct a node v that has Open={2} and Closed=true. That means there exists a partition where v is closed (edge to parent cut) and also a partition where v is open with length 2. For Closed to be true, v must be able to be part of a complete path of size K within its subtree, with the edge to parent cut. That could happen if v can form a path of size K using some children. For K=4, could v have Open={2} and Closed=true? Let's attempt.

Suppose v has two children, both leaves. Leaves: each leaf has Open={1}, Closed=false (since K>1). For v, f? Leaves are forced? Actually, each leaf cannot be closed, so they are forced children. So v has f=2 (two forced children). Then v's possibilities: f=2, so must take both children. Then closed possible if L1+L2+1 = 1+1+1=3 !=4, so not. Open impossible because f=2 can't open. So v would have no valid configurations? That would make the subtree impossible, so not a valid DP outcome. So v cannot have both leaves forced and K=4.

Maybe v has one forced child and one optional child that can be closed. Let's design: v has child a (leaf, forced) and child b that is closeable and can provide open length 1? But b closeable means Closed_b=true. For b to be closeable, it must be able to be partitioned without connecting to v. For example, b could be a subtree that can form a complete path of size K on its own, with edge cut. That would require that b's subtree has exactly K vertices and is a path? Not necessarily; b could be a larger subtree that can be partitioned into multiple paths, but for b to be closeable, it means there exists a partition of b's subtree where the edge (v,b) is cut, i.e., b is not open to v. That partition would cover all vertices in b's subtree with complete paths of size K. So b's subtree must be partitionable without needing to connect to v. That's possible if b's subtree can be fully partitioned into paths of size K (i.e., it has a valid decomposition where b is not part of an open path). That doesn't require b's subtree to be a single path; it could be multiple paths. So b could be a node that is the root of a subtree that can be fully partitioned (all components closed) without using the edge to v. In that case, Closed_b = true, and Open_b might be empty or have some lengths. For b to have Open containing some length, there must also be a partition where b is open to v. So b could have both Closed=true and Open non-empty.

Now, can we have a node v with f=1 (forced child a) and one optional child b that is closeable and also has Open containing some length? Let's try to get v's Open={2} and Closed=true.

Take K=4. Let a be a leaf (forced, Open_a={1}, Closed_a=false). Let b be a subtree that can be both closed and open with length 1? Actually, we need v's Open to be {2}. That would come from taking a (forced) and maybe not taking b (since open to parent allows only one child). So if v is open to parent, it must take a (forced) and cannot take b (since only one child allowed). So L_v = L_a+1 = 2. So Open_v includes 2. Could it include other values? If b could be taken instead of a? But a is forced, so must be taken. So only 2. So Open_v = {2} if that configuration is valid. For it to be valid, b must be closeable (since not taken). So we need Closed_b = true. Also, we need L_v=2 < K (4), ok. So Open_v = {2} possible.

Now, can v be closed? For closed, we can take a and possibly b. Options:
- Take only a: need L_a+1 = 2 = K? No.
- Take a and b: need L_a + L_b + 1 = 4. So we need L_b such that 1 + L_b + 1 = 4 => L_b = 2. So if b has an open length 2 (i.e., there exists a partition where b is open to v with length 2), then closed is possible. Also, b must be taken, so we need b's Open set to contain 2. And b must be closeable? Actually, when we take b, we don't need b to be closeable; we need that all other children (none) are closeable. b being taken is fine as long as b has an open length 2. Also, we need that the rest of b's subtree (apart from the open path) is partitioned appropriately, which is ensured by b's DP state. So if b has Open containing 2, then closed_v is possible. Also, we need that b is optional? Actually, b is optional because we are choosing to take it; it's not forced. But b must have Closed_b = true? Not necessary for taking it; we only need that b can be open with length 2. However, for the configuration where we take b, we don't care about Closed_b. But for the open configuration we already required Closed_b = true (since b not taken). So for v to have both Open={2} and Closed=true, we need b to satisfy: Closed_b = true (so that open configuration works) and also Open_b contains 2 (so that closed configuration works). Is that possible? Let's see if a node b can have both Closed=true and Open containing 2. For K=4, can we construct such a b? Possibly. For example, b could be a node with two children that are leaves? Let's test: b with two leaf children. Each leaf: Open={1}, Closed=false. So b has f=2 (both forced). Then b's possibilities: f=2, must take both. Closed requires L1+L2+1 = 1+1+1=3 !=4, so closed false. Open impossible. So not.

b could be a node with one child that is a leaf and another child that is something else? Let's try b with one forced leaf and one optional child that can be closed and open with length 1? This is getting messy.

Maybe we can systematically construct such a b. But the point is: it might be possible to have a node with both Closed=true and Open containing a specific length. However, is it necessary for our DP to handle such complex sets? Perhaps we can avoid storing full sets by noting that the only lengths that matter are those that can be achieved when the node is taken as an open child. And when we combine at a parent, we only need to know, for each child, the set of lengths that are achievable when the child is taken, and also whether the child can be closed. The number of distinct lengths per child might still be large.

But maybe we can prove that for any node, the set of achievable open lengths is actually an interval. Let's try to prove or find a counterexample.

Consider a node u with two children v and w, both optional and closeable. Suppose v can be open with lengths {1,3} and w can be open with lengths {1,3}. Is that possible? To get v's Open = {1,3}, we need v to have configurations: open with no child (L=1) and open with some child giving L=3. For v to have open with no child, all its children must be closeable. For v to have open with a child giving L=3, it must take a child with L=2. So v must have a child that can provide L=2, and that child must be optional (so that v can choose not to take it for the L=1 case). Also, v must have no forced children. So v could have one optional child x that has Open containing 2, and all other children closeable. Then v's Open would be: if take no child -> L=1 (if all children closeable); if take x -> L=2+1=3. So Open_v = {1,3}. That's plausible if such x exists. Can x have Open={2}? As we earlier constructed, a node with a forced leaf can have Open={2} and Closed=false. But then x would be forced? Actually, if x has Open={2} and Closed=false, then x is forced (cannot be closed). Then for v, x would be a forced child, so v would have f>=1, and then v could not have the no-child option (since forced child must be taken). So v would not have L=1. So to have Open_v = {1,3}, we need x to be optional (i.e., Closed_x = true) and also have Open containing 2. So we need a node x that is both closeable and has Open containing 2. Is that possible? Let's attempt to construct x.

We need a node x such that:
- There exists a partition where x is open to its parent with length 2.
- There exists a partition where x is closed (edge to parent cut) and its subtree fully partitioned.

And also, x must have no forced children that would prevent the open configuration? Actually, for x to be open with length 2, it must take exactly one child (since open to parent allows at most one child) and that child must provide L=1 (since 1+1=2). So x must have a child y that can be open with length 1, and all other children must be closeable. For x to be closed, it could either take one child with L such that L+1=K, or two children with sum K-1, etc. For K=4, closed could be: take one child with L=3 (since 3+1=4), or take two children with L1+L2+1=4. So x could be closed by taking two children with lengths 1 and 2, or one child with length 3. So to have both open and closed possible, we need to satisfy these.

Let's try to construct x with K=4. Let x have two children: y and z. Suppose y is a leaf (Open={1}, Closed=false). So y is forced. Then x has f=1 (forced child y). Then x's possibilities: 
- Open to parent: must take y, L_y=1 => L_x=2. Also need all other children closeable. So if z is closeable, then open with L=2 possible.
- Closed: can take y only (need L_y+1=2=K? no), or take y and z (need L_y + L_z + 1 = 4 => 1 + L_z + 1 = 4 => L_z = 2). So if z has Open containing 2, then closed possible. Also, we need z to be optional? Actually, for closed we are taking z, so we need z to have an open length 2. z could be a node with Open={2} and maybe Closed? But if z has Open={2} and is forced? If z is forced (Closed_z=false), then in the open configuration we would have to take z as well? Wait, in open configuration we are not taking z; we are only taking y. For open configuration to be valid, we need all other children (including z) to be closeable. If z is forced (cannot be closed), then open configuration fails because z would have to be taken but we are not taking it. So to have both open and closed, we need z to be closeable (Closed_z=true) and also have Open containing 2. So we need a node z that is both closeable and has Open containing 2. That's the same problem recursively. So we haven't resolved.

Thus, constructing a node with both Closed=true and Open containing 2 seems to require another node with same property, leading to infinite descent. Maybe it's impossible for K>2? Let's try to see if any node can have both Closed=true and Open non-empty. Consider a node u. If u has Closed=true, that means there is a partition where u is in a complete path of size K within its subtree, and the edge to parent is cut. In that partition, u is part of a path that may include some children. If u also has an open configuration, that means there is a partition where u is the endpoint of an open path of length L (<K) that connects to parent. In that open configuration, u is not in a complete path; it's part of a partial path that will be extended upward. These two configurations are different. Is it possible for both to exist? Possibly yes. For example, consider a node that is the center of a path of length K (i.e., the whole tree is a path of K vertices). If we root at an endpoint, then that endpoint can be open (length 1) or closed (if we consider the whole path as a component). But in that case, the node is an endpoint of the path. For an endpoint, being closed means the whole path is a component of size K, and the edge to parent (outside) is cut. Being open means the node is the endpoint of a partial path that will connect to parent. Both are possible if the rest of the tree can accommodate. So yes, an endpoint of a path can have both states. For a node that is internal in the path, can it have both? Possibly if the subtree can be partitioned in two ways.

Let's try a simple tree: a path of 4 vertices (1-2-3-4) with K=4. Root at 2 (say). Node 2 has children 1 and 3? Actually, if we root at 2, children: 1 and 3 (and maybe 4 under 3). Let's compute DP for node 3 (which has child 4). For K=4, leaf 4: Open={1}, Closed=false. Node 3: f=1 (child 4 forced). Then Open_3 = {2} (since must take child, L=1+1=2). Closed_3? Check: take only child: 1+1=2 !=4; take child and maybe another? No other children. So Closed_3 = false. So node 3 only has Open={2}, not both. Node 2: children 1 (leaf) and 3 (with Open={2}, Closed=false). So both children are forced? 1 is forced (Closed=false), 3 is forced (Closed=false). So f=2. Then Open impossible, closed requires L1+L2+1 = 1+2+1=4 => yes, so Closed_2 = true. So node 2 has Closed=true, Open empty. So not both.

What about a node that is an endpoint of the whole tree? For a leaf, Closed is false (unless K=1), Open={1}. So not both.

Thus, it seems that for K>1, a node rarely has both Closed=true and Open non-empty. Maybe it's impossible except for the root? Let's examine root: root has no parent, so we don't consider open to parent; we only need the whole tree to be partitioned into closed components. So root's state is just whether the whole tree can be partitioned (i.e., closed). So for internal nodes, having both might be possible if the node can be part of a complete path in one configuration and part of an open path in another. For that to happen, the node must have at least one optional child that can be either taken or not, allowing two different ways. But as we saw, if a node has a forced child, then open configuration forces taking that child, and closed might also take it plus another. Could both be possible? For node v with f=1 and one optional child b that is closeable and also has Open containing some length, we could have open (take forced only) and closed (take forced + b). That would give v both Open and Closed true. For that, we need b to be closeable (so that open works) and also have an open length that makes closed work. So we need b with both properties. So the existence of such b is key.

Can we construct b with both Closed=true and Open non-empty? Let's attempt with K=5 maybe. We'll try to systematically search for a small example.

We need a node b such that:
- There is a partition where b is open to its parent with some length L_b (1 <= L_b < K).
- There is a partition where b is closed (edge to parent cut) and its subtree fully partitioned.

Consider b as a leaf: Closed false (unless K=1). So not.

Consider b with one child c that is a leaf. Then f=1 (forced). Then Open_b = {2} (if K>2). Closed_b? Need L_c+1 = K => 2 = K? Only if K=2. So for K=2, b would have Open={1}? Wait leaf child: L_c=1, so Open_b = {2}? Actually, for K=2, open length must be <2, so L_b must be 1. But with forced child, L_b = L_c+1 = 2, which is not <2, so open not allowed. So for K=2, b cannot be open. So not.

Consider b with two children that are leaves. f=2. Then Open impossible, closed requires 1+1+1=3 = K? Only if K=3. So for K=3, b would have Closed true, Open empty. So not both.

Consider b with one forced leaf and one optional child d that is closeable and has Open containing some length. This is recursive.

It seems that to have both Closed and Open, the node must have at least one optional child that can be either taken or not, and that optional child must itself have both Closed and Open (or at least be closeable and have an open length that works for closed). This suggests a recursive structure that might be possible for larger K.

Let's try K=6. Construct b with children: forced leaf a (Open={1}, Closed=false), and optional child d that we design to have both Closed=true and Open containing some length L_d. We'll try to make d such that it can be open with length 2 (so that b's open: take a only => L_b = 2) and closed: take a and d => need 1 + L_d + 1 = 6 => L_d = 4. So we need d with Open containing 4 and Closed=true. Now design d similarly: d has forced leaf e (Open={1}) and optional child f with both properties, needing L_f such that open d: take e only => L_d = 2, but we need L_d=4 for b's closed, so that doesn't match. Alternatively, d could have two children? Let's try d with two children: one forced leaf e, and one optional g that can provide L_g=3 (since 1+3+1=5? Wait compute: for d closed with a and d? Actually, we need d to have Open containing 4. How can d have Open=4? If d is open to its parent, it can take at most one child. So to have L_d=4, d must take a child with L=3. So d needs a child with Open containing 3. Also, d must be closeable (Closed=true) for b's open configuration (since b's open requires d to be closeable). So d must have both Closed=true and Open containing 4? Actually, for b's open, we need d to be closeable (so that b can not take d). That's independent of d's Open. For b's closed, we need d to have an open length L_d=4 (since we take d). So d must have Open containing 4 and also Closed=true. So d needs both. So we need to construct d with both properties and Open containing 4.

Now, can we construct d with both? Let's attempt d with one forced leaf e (Open={1}) and one optional child h that is closeable and has Open containing 3 (since 1+3+1=5? Wait, for d open with only e: L_d = 2, not 4. To get L_d=4, d must take a child with L=3. So d must have a child that can provide L=3, and that child must be optional (so that d can choose not to take it for the closed? Actually, for d to have Open containing 4, we need a configuration where d is open and takes exactly one child with L=3. That child could be forced or optional? If it's forced, then d would have to take it in all configurations, so d would always take it, then L_d would always be at least 4, and d might not be closeable because taking that child might prevent closing? But maybe d could still be closeable by taking that child plus another? Let's explore.

Suppose d has a forced child x that has Open={3} (and maybe Closed false). Then d has f=1 (forced x). Then d's Open: must take x, so L_d = L_x+1 = 4. So Open_d = {4}. Closed_d? Check: take only x: need L_x+1 = 4 = K? If K=6, 4 !=6, so not. Take x and another optional child y: need L_x + L_y + 1 = 6 => 3 + L_y + 1 = 6 => L_y = 2. So if there is an optional child y with Open containing 2, and y is closeable (so that when we don't take y in open config, it's okay), then closed_d possible. Also, for open config, we need all other children (including y) to be closeable. So if y is closeable (Closed_y=true) and has Open containing 2, then d can have both Open={4} and Closed=true. So we need a node y with both Closed=true and Open containing 2. That's the same problem but with smaller length. So we are recursing.

Thus, it seems possible to have nodes with both properties, but it requires a chain of nodes each with both properties, ultimately bottoming out at some base. The base might be a node that is a leaf? Leaf has Open={1}, Closed=false. So not both. A node with two leaves and K=3 has Closed=true, Open empty. So not both. A node with one leaf and one optional child that is both closeable and has Open containing something might eventually lead to a node that is both? It seems we need a node that can be both closeable and open with some length. Is there any node that can be both? Consider a node that is the root of a subtree that can be fully partitioned (Closed=true) and also can be part of an open path (Open non-empty). For Open non-empty, the node must be able to be the endpoint of a partial path that connects to parent. That means there is a partition where the node is not in a complete path, but rather in a partial path that will be extended upward. In that partition, the node's subtree is partitioned such that the node is the endpoint of an open path. This is possible if the node has at least one configuration where it takes at most one child (if open to parent) and the rest of the subtree is partitioned into complete paths. For Closed, the node must be in a complete path of size K, which may involve taking 0,1, or 2 children. So both can coexist if the node has at least two distinct valid configurations.

For a simple example, consider a node u that is the center of a star with three leaves, and K=3? Let's test. Tree: u connected to leaves a,b,c. K=3. We need to partition into paths of length 3. Total vertices = 4? Actually, N would be? Not relevant. Let's just consider the subtree rooted at u (including u and its descendants). Can we partition this subtree (which is a star with 3 leaves) into paths of length 3? The subtree has 4 vertices. To have paths of length 3, we need one path of 3 vertices and one leftover vertex? But total vertices must be multiple of K. So not a valid global tree, but for DP we consider the subtree as part of a larger tree, so it's okay if the subtree alone doesn't have total vertices multiple of K; the DP will combine with parent.

So for DP, we consider the subtree of u (including u and its descendants). The total number of vertices in the subtree may not be a multiple of K; that's fine because the open path will connect to parent to complete.

Now, can u have both Closed=true and Open non-empty? Let's attempt with K=4. Subtree: u with three leaves a,b,c. Each leaf: Open={1}, Closed=false. So all children are forced. f=3 >2, so impossible for any configuration. So not.

What about u with two leaves and one optional child that is closeable? Let's design: u has children: leaf a (forced), leaf b (forced), and node d that is closeable (Closed_d=true) and maybe has Open set. f=2 (a,b forced). Then u's possibilities: f=2, so must take a and b. Open impossible. Closed requires L_a+L_b+1 = 1+1+1=3 = K? If K=3, then Closed true. So for K=3, u would have Closed=true, Open empty. Not both.

To have both, u must have f <=1, so that open is possible. So u must have at most one forced child. Then u can have open configuration (taking forced child if any, or none) and closed configuration (taking forced child plus maybe an optional child). So u needs at least one optional child that can be taken in closed but not in open. That optional child must be closeable (so that open config can leave it closed) and also have an open length that works for closed. So we need an optional child with both Closed=true and Open non-empty. So the existence of such a child is necessary for u to have both. So the question reduces to: can there exist a node with both Closed=true and Open non-empty? If not, then for any node, at most one of Closed or Open is true (except maybe trivial K=1). That would greatly simplify DP, because then each child is either forced (Closed false, Open non-empty) or optional (Closed true, Open possibly empty or maybe non-empty but if Closed true then Open must be empty? Actually, if a node has Closed true, it might still have Open non-empty, but if that's impossible, then Closed true implies Open empty, and Open non-empty implies Closed false. That would mean each child is either "must be taken" (Open non-empty, Closed false) or "can be closed" (Closed true, Open empty). But is that always true? Let's test with a potential counterexample.

Consider a node that is the root of a subtree that can be fully partitioned (Closed true) and also can be part of an open path (Open non-empty). Is there any obstruction? Let's try to construct a concrete small example with K=4.

We need a node x such that:
- There is a partition of x's subtree where x is in a complete path of size 4 (edge to parent cut).
- There is a partition where x is the endpoint of an open path of length L (1<=L<4) that will connect to parent.

Let's attempt to build x with two children: one forced leaf a, and one optional child b that is closeable and has Open containing 2 (so that closed can use b). We already attempted and got stuck needing b with both properties. So maybe we can make b itself have both properties by making b have a forced leaf and an optional child c, etc. This recursion might eventually terminate if we reach a node that can be both without needing further such nodes. Is there a base node that can be both? Consider a node that is itself a path of length K (i.e., its subtree is exactly a path of K vertices). If we consider such a node as root of its subtree, can it have both Closed and Open? If the subtree is exactly a path of K vertices, then if we cut the edge to parent, the whole subtree is a complete path of size K, so Closed true. If we want an open configuration, we would need to have x as endpoint of an open path of length L < K, meaning that the path would not include all vertices; some vertices would have to be in other complete paths within the subtree, but the subtree has exactly K vertices, so if we make x open with length L, the remaining K-L vertices must form complete paths of size K? That's impossible because K-L < K and cannot form a complete path of size K unless K-L = 0. So the only way to have an open configuration is if the subtree has more than K vertices, so that some vertices can form complete paths while x is part of an open path. So a subtree that is exactly a path of K vertices cannot have an open configuration (unless K=1). So that's not both.

Consider a subtree that is a path of 2K vertices. Then it could be partitioned into two paths of size K. Could the root x be in an open configuration? Possibly if we partition such that one path is complete and the other is open with x as endpoint. For example, take a path of 8 vertices (K=4). Label vertices 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 in a line. Root at vertex 5 (say). Can we have a partition where 5 is endpoint of an open path of length L? We could take the segment 5-6-7-8 as a complete path (size 4) and leave 5? Actually, 5 would be in that complete path, not open. To have 5 open, we could have a partial path starting at 5 going upward (to 4,3,2,1) but that would be length up to 5. If we take 5-4-3-2 as a complete path (size 4), then 5 is endpoint? In that path, 5 is endpoint if the path is 2-3-4-5, then 5 is endpoint. But then the edge to parent (which would be 6) is cut. That's a closed configuration for 5 (since it's in a complete path). To have 5 open, we would need a partial path that includes 5 and some vertices, and the rest of the subtree forms complete paths. For example, take 5-6-7-8 as a complete path (size 4), and 5 is not in that path; actually 5 is in that path if we include it. To have 5 open, we could have a partial path 5-4-3 (length 3) and the remaining vertices 1,2,6,7,8 must form complete paths. 1-2 could be a path of length 2, not 4; 6-7-8 length 3. Not good. So maybe not.

Let's try to systematically search for a node with both properties using a computer? Not possible here. But we can reason: For a node to have both Closed and Open, it must have at least two distinct valid configurations. In one configuration (Closed), the node is part of a complete path of size K. In the other (Open), the node is part of an open path of length L < K. The difference is that in the Open configuration, the node's component is not complete and will connect to parent. This implies that in the Open configuration, the node's subtree has some vertices that are not yet assigned to a complete path (the open path), while the rest are in complete paths. In the Closed configuration, all vertices are in complete paths.

Now, consider the number of vertices in the subtree. Let S be the total number of vertices in the subtree. In the Closed configuration, S must be a multiple of K (since all vertices are partitioned into complete paths). In the Open configuration, S minus L (the size of the open path) must be a multiple of K, because the rest are complete paths. So we have:

S ≡ 0 (mod K) for Closed.
S ≡ L (mod K) for Open, with 1 ≤ L < K.

Thus, S mod K must be both 0 and L (non-zero). This is impossible unless L ≡ 0 mod K, but L < K, so L cannot be 0 mod K unless L=0, which is not allowed. Therefore, a node cannot have both Closed true and Open non-empty! Because the total number of vertices in its subtree is fixed. In the Closed configuration, all vertices are covered by complete paths, so the subtree's vertex count must be a multiple of K. In the Open configuration, the open path of length L is not complete, so the remaining vertices (S - L) must be a multiple of K. Hence S ≡ L (mod K). For both to hold, we need 0 ≡ L (mod K), which implies L is a multiple of K, but 1 ≤ L < K, so impossible. Therefore, a node cannot simultaneously have a valid Closed configuration and a valid Open configuration. This is a crucial observation!

Let's verify: In the Open configuration, the open path includes the node and some descendants, and its length is L. The rest of the subtree is partitioned into complete paths of size K. So total vertices S = L + m*K for some integer m ≥ 0. So S mod K = L mod K. In the Closed configuration, S = n*K for some n. So S mod K = 0. Thus, if both configurations exist, we must have L ≡ 0 (mod K), which forces L = 0 or L = K, but L is between 1 and K-1. Contradiction. Therefore, for any node, at most one of Closed or Open can be true. Moreover, if Closed is true, then S is a multiple of K; if Open is true, then S mod K = L (non-zero). So they are mutually exclusive.

This is a powerful simplification! It means for each node, the DP outcome is either:

- The subtree can be fully partitioned (Closed true), and then there is no open path (Open set empty). In this case, the edge to parent must be cut, and the node is not available to connect upward.

- Or the subtree cannot be fully partitioned on its own, but there exists an open path of some length L (1 ≤ L < K) that connects to the parent, and the rest of the subtree is partitioned into complete paths. In this case, Closed is false, and Open is a set of possible L values (maybe multiple). And importantly, S mod K = L for each such L? Actually, if there are multiple possible L, then S mod K must equal each L mod K, so all L must be congruent modulo K. Since L < K, they must all be equal to the same residue r = S mod K. So all possible open lengths L must satisfy L ≡ S (mod K). Since 1 ≤ L < K, there is exactly one possible residue, but there could be multiple L that are congruent to S mod K? For example, if S mod K = 2, possible L could be 2, or 2+K? But L < K, so only L=2. So actually, if Open is non-empty, then S mod K = L for every L in Open. Since L < K, this forces L to be exactly S mod K. Therefore, Open can contain at most one value: the unique L = S mod K (provided 1 ≤ L < K). If S mod K = 0, then Open must be empty (since L would be 0 or K, not allowed), and Closed could be true if S is multiple of K. If S mod K != 0, then Closed is false, and Open may contain L = S mod K if such a configuration exists; otherwise, no valid partition for the subtree.

Thus, for each node, the DP outcome is greatly simplified: either the subtree can be fully partitioned (Closed true) which requires S % K == 0, or it can be partially partitioned with an open path of length L = S % K (which must be between 1 and K-1), provided that such a configuration exists. There is no other possibility. And importantly, if Open is possible, it must be exactly that L. So the set Open_v is either empty or a singleton {L_v} where L_v = size_subtree_v % K, provided that L_v != 0 and the configuration exists. If L_v = 0, then the only possibility is Closed (if possible), else no configuration.

This is a huge simplification! Let's verify with earlier examples.

Example: leaf node, subtree size = 1. If K>1, then 1 % K = 1 (since 1 < K). So L_v = 1. And we know leaf can be open with length 1. Closed would require size multiple of K, which 1 is not, so Closed false. So Open = {1}. Good.

Example: node with one leaf child, subtree size = 2. For K=3, 2 % 3 = 2. So L_v should be 2 if open possible. Indeed, we found Open = {2}. Closed would require size multiple of 3, false. So matches.

Example: node with two leaf children, subtree size = 3. For K=3, 3 % 3 = 0. So Closed should be possible if configuration exists. Indeed, we found Closed true (by taking both children, L1+L2+1=3). Open would require L=0, not allowed. So Open empty. Good.

Example: node with one leaf and one optional child that is closeable, subtree size maybe 4, K=4? Let's test: Suppose node u has children: leaf a (size 1) and node b that is closeable with subtree size 3 (so b's subtree size 3, and since 3%4=3, b would have Open={3} if possible, but Closed false). Then total size S = 1+1+3? Actually, u itself plus children subtrees: u's subtree size = 1 (u) + size(a) + size(b). size(a)=1, size(b)=3 => total =5. 5%4=1. So if open possible, L=1. Can u be open with length 1? That would mean u is endpoint of open path, and all children must be closed. But a is forced? a is leaf, cannot be closed (since size 1 not multiple of 4). So a cannot be closed, thus u cannot have open with no children. Could u be open with one child? Taking a (forced) gives L=2, not 1. Taking b gives L=4? b's open length is 3, so L=4, which equals K, not allowed for open. So open not possible. Closed? S=5 not multiple of 4, so closed impossible. So u has no valid configuration, which matches our earlier reasoning that such u would be impossible. So DP would return no valid state.

Thus, the observation seems consistent.

Now we need to prove that if a subtree can be partitioned with an open path of length L, then necessarily L = size_subtree % K, and the rest of the vertices form complete paths, so total size = L + mK, hence size mod K = L. Conversely, if size mod K = r (1 <= r < K), it may be possible to have an open path of length r, but not guaranteed; we need to check if such a configuration exists. Similarly, if size mod K = 0, it may be possible to have a closed configuration, but not guaranteed.

Therefore, the DP reduces to: For each node u, compute the size of its subtree, sz[u]. Then determine whether the subtree can be partitioned in a way consistent with the path decomposition. The only possible outcomes are:

- If sz[u] % K == 0: then we may have a closed configuration (u not open to parent). We need to check if closed is feasible.

- If sz[u] % K != 0: then we may have an open configuration with open length L = sz[u] % K. We need to check if open is feasible.

If neither is feasible, the subtree cannot be partitioned, and the whole tree is impossible.

Now, how to check feasibility? We need to consider the constraints from children, similar to before but now with the knowledge that each child v will have either a closed configuration (if sz[v] % K == 0 and feasible) or an open configuration with length L_v = sz[v] % K (if sz[v] % K != 0 and feasible). And importantly, a child cannot have both; it's either closed or open with a specific L_v. Also, if a child is open, then its open length is uniquely determined as L_v = sz[v] % K. So we don't have multiple choices for L_v; it's fixed if open is possible. However, it might be that a child with sz[v] % K == 0 could potentially be open? No, because if sz[v] % K == 0, then any open configuration would require L_v = 0, impossible. So such a child must be closed if feasible. Similarly, if sz[v] % K != 0, the child cannot be closed (since closed would require sz[v] multiple of K). So each child's state is forced by its subtree size modulo K, provided that the child's subtree is feasible. Specifically:

- If sz[v] % K == 0 and the child's subtree can be partitioned (i.e., closed feasible), then the child must be closed (edge cut). It cannot be open.

- If sz[v] % K != 0 and the child's subtree can be partitioned with an open path of length L_v = sz[v] % K, then the child must be open (edge used) with that exact L_v. It cannot be closed.

Thus, for each child, given that its subtree is feasible, its type (open/closed) and open length (if open) are uniquely determined by sz[v] % K. There is no choice! This is a huge simplification. Wait, is it always true that if sz[v] % K != 0, then the child must be open? Could there be a scenario where the child's subtree is feasible but with a closed configuration even though sz[v] % K != 0? No, because closed configuration would require all vertices in the subtree to be partitioned into complete paths of size K, implying sz[v] is a multiple of K. So if sz[v] % K != 0, closed is impossible. So the only possible feasible configuration is open with length L = sz[v] % K. So indeed, the child's state is forced.

Similarly, if sz[v] % K == 0, the only possible feasible configuration is closed (since open would require L=0). So forced as well.

Therefore, for each node, once we know that its subtree is feasible, the way it connects to its parent is determined: if sz[u] % K == 0, then u must be closed (edge to parent cut); if sz[u] % K != 0, then u must be open with length L = sz[u] % K (edge to parent used). There is no alternative. This matches the earlier observation that a node cannot have both.

Thus, the DP becomes straightforward: We can compute subtree sizes and then check for each node whether the forced configuration is consistent with the constraints from its children. Specifically, for node u, given the states of its children (which are determined by their subtree sizes modulo K, assuming they are feasible), we need to verify that u can be arranged to satisfy the path constraints (i.e., degree in the path subgraph ≤ 2, and the total length of the open path if open matches sz[u] % K, etc.). Since the children's states are forced, we just need to check if the combination works.

Let's formalize:

We root the tree at 1. Perform a DFS to compute sz[u] (number of vertices in subtree). Also, we will determine feasibility bottom-up.

For each node u, we consider its children v (where parent is excluded). For each child v, we first determine if v's subtree is feasible. If any child is infeasible, then u is infeasible.

If all children are feasible, then for each child v, we know:

- If sz[v] % K == 0: then v is closed. The edge (u,v) is cut (not used in any path). So v does not contribute any open path to u.

- If sz[v] % K != 0: then v is open with length L_v = sz[v] % K. The edge (u,v) must be used as a path edge, and v is the endpoint of its open path that connects to u. So u must connect to v via a path edge, and the open path from v has length L_v.

Now, u itself will have a state determined by sz[u] % K:

- If sz[u] % K == 0: then u must be closed. That means the edge to its parent (if any) must be cut, and u must be part of a complete path of size K within its subtree. In this case, u must have exactly 0, 1, or 2 incident path edges to children (since no parent edge), and the total size of the component containing u must be exactly K. Moreover, the component must be a path.

- If sz[u] % K != 0: then u must be open with length L_u = sz[u] % K. That means the edge to its parent must be used as a path edge, and u is the endpoint of the open path that will connect upward. In this case, u can have at most one incident path edge to a child (since it already has one to parent), and the total size of the open path (including u and the child's open path if any) must be exactly L_u. Also, the open path must be a path.

Now, we need to check if the children's forced connections can be accommodated to satisfy these requirements.

Let's denote:

- Let open_children = list of children v with sz[v] % K != 0 (i.e., those that are open and must be connected to u). Each such child contributes an open path of length L_v.

- Let closed_children = children with sz[v] % K == 0 (they are closed, edge cut).

Note: The number of open_children is exactly the number of children whose subtree size is not a multiple of K. Since each such child must be connected to u via a path edge.

Now, for u to be feasible, the following must hold:

Case 1: sz[u] % K == 0 (u closed).

- Then u must not connect to parent. So the total number of incident path edges at u is the number of open_children (since each open child provides one edge). This number must be ≤ 2 (since max degree in a path is 2). Also, if the number is 0, then u would be isolated, which would mean the component containing u is just u, size 1. But sz[u] % K == 0 implies sz[u] is multiple of K, and if u is isolated, then the component size is 1, which would not be K unless K=1. So for K>1, we need the component containing u to have size exactly K. Therefore, the open_children must be such that the total size of the component that includes u and the open children's paths equals K. Since u is closed, the component is entirely within the subtree and must be a path of size K. The component consists of u plus the open paths from the open_children that are attached to u. However, note that if there are two open_children, the component will include both open paths attached to u, forming a path that goes through u. The total size of this component is 1 (u) + sum of L_v over open_children. Because each open child's open path includes L_v vertices, and they attach at u. Since the open paths are disjoint and connect to u at their endpoint, the combined structure is a path if the number of open_children is 0,1,2 and the attachment points are endpoints. For 0 open_children, component is just u (size 1). For 1 open_child, component is a path of size 1 + L_v, with u as one endpoint (if u is endpoint) or internal? Actually, if there is one open child, u has degree 1 in the component, so u is an endpoint. The path goes from u to the child's open path. The total size = 1 + L_v. For two open children, u has degree 2, so u is internal. The path goes from one child's open path through u to the other child's open path. Total size = L_v1 + 1 + L_v2. This must equal K. Also, the component must be a path, which it will be if each child's open path is a path and they attach at endpoints, which they do (since each child's open path has the child as an endpoint connecting to u). So the shape is a path.

Thus, for u closed, we require:

- The number of open_children, denote t, must be 0, 1, or 2.
- If t = 0: then we need K = 1? Because component size = 1. So unless K=1, this is invalid. But if K=1, then every node is its own path, and sz[u] % 1 == 0 always, and t=0 is fine because each node is a closed component of size 1. So for K=1, we can handle separately. For K>1, t cannot be 0.
- If t = 1: then we need 1 + L_v = K.
- If t = 2: then we need L_v1 + L_v2 + 1 = K.

Also, we need to ensure that the closed_children are indeed closed (they are, by feasibility). No further constraints.

Case 2: sz[u] % K != 0 (u open with L_u = sz[u] % K).

- Then u must connect to parent via a path edge. So u already has one incident path edge (to parent). Therefore, it can have at most one additional incident path edge from a child (since max degree 2). So the number of open_children must be ≤ 1. If there are 0 open_children, then the open path consists of just u, so L_u must be 1. If there is 1 open_child v, then the open path includes u and v's open path, so total length = 1 + L_v, and this must equal L_u. Also, L_u must be < K (which it is by definition, since L_u = sz[u] % K and 1 ≤ L_u < K). So we need:

- t = number of open_children must be 0 or 1.
- If t = 0: then L_u must be 1.
- If t = 1: then 1 + L_v = L_u.

Additionally, all closed_children must be closed (they are).

Also, note that L_u = sz[u] % K. And sz[u] = 1 + sum_{children} sz[child]. Since for each child, if it is open, its subtree size = L_v + m_v*K (since the rest are complete paths). If it is closed, its subtree size = m_v*K. So we can compute sz[u] mod K = (1 + sum_{open} L_v) mod K, because closed children contribute multiples of K. Indeed, sz[u] = 1 + Σ_{v∈open} (L_v + a_v*K) + Σ_{v∈closed} (b_v*K) = 1 + Σ_{open} L_v + (multiple of K). Therefore, sz[u] % K = (1 + Σ_{open} L_v) % K. But we also have L_u = sz[u] % K. So the equation (1 + Σ_{open} L_v) % K = L_u. This is automatically true by definition. However, the specific constraints we derived (t ≤ 1 for open, and if t=0 then L_u=1, if t=1 then L_u = 1+L_v) are stronger because they require that the sum 1+Σ L_v is actually less than K? Not necessarily; it could be that 1+Σ L_v = L_u + mK for some m≥1. But L_u is defined as sz[u] % K, which is the remainder when dividing sz[u] by K. Since sz[u] = 1 + Σ L_v + (multiple of K), we have 1 + Σ L_v = L_u + mK for some m ≥ 0. If m ≥ 1, then 1+Σ L_v ≥ K, meaning that the total size of the open path (if we took all open children) would be at least K, but u is open, so the open path must have length L_u < K. However, the open path that includes u and the open children's paths is exactly the set of vertices that are in the open component. That component's size should be L_u (since that's the number of vertices in the open path). But if we take all open children, the combined size would be 1 + Σ L_v, which might be larger than L_u. But can we have more than one open child when u is open? No, because u can have at most one child in the open path (since degree ≤2 and one edge to parent). So if there are multiple open children, we cannot include all of them in the same open path; we would have to cut some edges, but those children are forced to be open (i.e., their edge must be used). That would force u to have degree >2, which is impossible. Therefore, for u open, we must have t ≤ 1. And if t=1, then the open path includes that child, so its total size is 1 + L_v. This must equal L_u (the size of the open path). But from the modulo calculation, we have 1 + L_v ≡ L_u (mod K). Since both 1+L_v and L_u are between 1 and K-1 (if L_u < K and 1+L_v < K? Actually, 1+L_v could be ≥ K. Let's examine. L_v is between 1 and K-1. So 1+L_v could be between 2 and K. If 1+L_v = K, then L_u would be 0 mod K, i.e., L_u = 0, but L_u is between 1 and K-1, so impossible. Therefore, 1+L_v cannot be K. It could be greater than K? If L_v = K-1, then 1+L_v = K, which is not allowed as argued. If L_v = K-2, then 1+L_v = K-1, which is < K. So 1+L_v is always ≤ K? Actually, max L_v = K-1, then 1+L_v = K, which would give L_u = 0, impossible. So L_v cannot be K-1 when u is open with one child, because that would force L_u = 0. But is it possible for a child to have L_v = K-1? That would mean sz[v] % K = K-1. That's possible. But then if u is open and takes that child, 1+L_v = K, which would make the open path size K, meaning it's actually a complete path, and u would be internal? But u is open to parent, so the path would be of size K, but then it would be complete, and the edge to parent would be an extra edge, making u degree 3? Let's analyze: If u is open to parent and takes a child with L_v = K-1, then the component containing u would have size K (1 + (K-1) = K). But then this component is a complete path of size K. However, u also has an edge to parent that is supposed to be part of the path. If the component is already size K, it cannot have an extra edge to parent because that would extend the path beyond K or create a branch. So this configuration is invalid. Therefore, when u is open, we must have 1+L_v < K, i.e., L_v ≤ K-2. So L_v cannot be K-1. But can a child have L_v = K-1? Possibly, but then u cannot be open if it has that child, because taking it would violate the open condition. However, could u choose not to take that child? But the child is open (since sz[v] % K != 0), so its edge must be used. So u must take it. Thus, if u has a child with L_v = K-1, then u cannot be open; it must be closed? But if u is closed, then it could take that child along with maybe another child to form a complete path of size K? Let's check: If u closed and has one child with L_v = K-1, then t=1, and we need 1+L_v = K, which holds. So that works: u closed with one open child of length K-1 gives component size K. So that's valid. So a child with L_v = K-1 forces its parent to be closed (if parent is to be feasible). More generally, the parent's state is determined by the sum of L_v of open children plus 1 modulo K, but also the degree constraints.

Thus, the DP can be implemented as follows:

- Compute subtree sizes sz[u].
- For each node u from leaves upward, determine if its subtree is feasible based on children's feasibility and the constraints.

We need to check for each u:

Let open_children = [v for v in children if sz[v] % K != 0] (these are forced open). For each such child, we already know they are feasible (otherwise u infeasible). Their L_v = sz[v] % K.

Let closed_children = others (sz[v] % K == 0), they must be feasible and closed.

Now, compute t = len(open_children).

Now, consider two cases based on sz[u] % K:

If sz[u] % K == 0:
   - u must be closed.
   - Check: t must be 0,1,2.
   - If t == 0: then need K == 1 (since component size 1). If K>1, infeasible.
   - If t == 1: need 1 + L_v == K.
   - If t == 2: need L_v1 + L_v2 + 1 == K.
   - Also, if t > 2, infeasible.
   If these hold, u is feasible (closed).

If sz[u] % K != 0:
   - u must be open with L_u = sz[u] % K.
   - Check: t must be 0 or 1.
   - If t == 0: need L_u == 1.
   - If t == 1: need 1 + L_v == L_u.
   - Also, if t > 1, infeasible.
   If these hold, u is feasible (open).

Additionally, we must ensure that for each open child, L_v is indeed < K (it is) and that when t=1 and u open, we also need 1+L_v < K (which is implied by L_u < K and L_u = 1+L_v, so 1+L_v < K). So automatically satisfied if L_u = 1+L_v and L_u < K.

Now, we also need to consider the possibility that a child with sz[v] % K == 0 might be feasible only if it is closed, but we already assume that. However, we must also ensure that for a closed child, its own feasibility conditions were satisfied (which we check recursively). So the DP is straightforward.

At the root (say node 1), there is no parent. The root must be closed (since there is no parent to connect to). So we require that sz[1] % K == 0 (which is true because total vertices = NK, so sz[1] = NK, which is multiple of K). And the root must satisfy the closed conditions with its children. So we just need to check that the root is feasible according to the closed case. If yes, answer Yes; else No.

Edge case: K=1. Then each vertex is a path of length 1. The decomposition always exists. Our DP would have sz[u] % 1 == 0 for all nodes, and t = number of open children? But if K=1, then sz[v] % 1 == 0 always, so all children are closed (since modulo 0). Then for any node u, sz[u] % 1 == 0, so u must be closed. For closed, t = 0 (since no open children). The condition for closed with t=0 requires K == 1, which holds. So all nodes are feasible. So DP would return Yes. But we need to be careful: For K=1, the open children concept doesn't apply because L_v would be 0, but we defined open children as those with sz[v] % K != 0. Since K=1, sz[v] % 1 == 0 always, so no open children. So t=0 always. Closed with t=0 requires K==1, which is true. So DP works. However, we must also consider that for K=1, the condition that a child with sz[v] % K == 0 is closed is fine; there is no open configuration. So DP yields feasible for all nodes. So we can handle K=1 without special case, but we need to ensure that the condition for closed with t=0 (K==1) is checked. Since K=1, it's satisfied. So fine.

But wait: For K=1, each path is a single vertex. In our DP, when u is closed with t=0, we consider the component containing u to be just u of size 1, which equals K=1. That's valid. So good.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that a child with sz[v] % K == 0 might be feasible only if it is closed, but is it always feasible? Not necessarily; we need to check recursively. So our DP will compute feasibility bottom-up.

Thus, the algorithm:

1. Read N, K, and edges. Total vertices V = N*K.
2. Build adjacency list.
3. Root the tree at 1 (or any).
4. Perform DFS to compute subtree sizes and feasibility.

We need to be careful with recursion depth (V up to 2e5), so use iterative stack or set recursion limit.

Pseudo:

def dfs(u, parent):
    sz[u] = 1
    open_children = []  # list of (v, L_v) for children that are open (sz[v]%K != 0)
    for v in adj[u]:
        if v == parent: continue
        dfs(v, u)
        if not feasible[v]: 
            feasible[u] = False; return
        sz[u] += sz[v]
        if sz[v] % K != 0:
            # child is open
            L_v = sz[v] % K
            open_children.append((v, L_v))
        # else child is closed, nothing to add
    # Now determine feasibility for u
    t = len(open_children)
    if sz[u] % K == 0:
        # u must be closed
        if t == 0:
            # need K == 1
            if K == 1:
                feasible[u] = True
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        elif t == 1:
            v, L_v = open_children[0]
            if 1 + L_v == K:
                feasible[u] = True
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        elif t == 2:
            v1, L1 = open_children[0]
            v2, L2 = open_children[1]
            if L1 + L2 + 1 == K:
                feasible[u] = True
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        else:
            feasible[u] = False
    else:
        # u must be open
        L_u = sz[u] % K
        if t == 0:
            if L_u == 1:
                feasible[u] = True
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        elif t == 1:
            v, L_v = open_children[0]
            if 1 + L_v == L_u:
                feasible[u] = True
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        else:
            feasible[u] = False

    # Also, we might need to ensure that for open children, when u is open and t=1, we have 1+L_v < K (but that's implied by L_u < K and equality). Also, need to ensure that L_v != K-1? Actually, if L_v = K-1, then 1+L_v = K, so L_u would be 0 mod K, but L_u is between 1 and K-1, so equality 1+L_v = L_u cannot hold because LHS=K, RHS<K. So that case would fail the equality check. So it's automatically rejected. So fine.

    # Additionally, we should check that for closed children, they are indeed closed (they are by definition). No extra check.

    return

After DFS, if feasible[1] is True, print Yes; else No.

But we must also consider that the root has no parent, so it must be closed. Our DP for root will go into the sz[1] % K == 0 branch (since total size is multiple of K). It will check the conditions. That's correct.

Now, we need to verify with sample inputs.

Sample 1:
N=3, K=2, vertices=6.
Edges: 1-2,2-3,3-4,2-5,5-6.
Let's root at 1.
Tree: 1-2-3-4 and 2-5-6.
Compute DFS.

Leaf 4: sz=4? Actually vertex 4 is leaf. sz[4]=1, 1%2=1 !=0, so open with L=1. t=0 (no children). For open, t=0, L_u=1 => condition L_u==1 true => feasible[4]=True.

Leaf 3? Actually vertex 3 has child 4? Let's list adjacency: 1-2,2-3,3-4,2-5,5-6. So edges: 1-2,2-3,3-4,2-5,5-6. So node 3 is connected to 2 and 4. Root at 1, so parent of 3 is 2, child is 4.

Node 4: as above.

Node 3: children: 4. sz[4]=1, feasible[4]=True. sz[3] = 1 + sz[4] = 2. sz[3]%2 = 0 => closed. open_children: child 4 has sz%2=1 => open, so t=1. For closed with t=1, need 1 + L_v == K => 1+1=2 ==2 => true. So feasible[3]=True.

Node 6: leaf, sz=1, open L=1, feasible.

Node 5: children: 6. sz[6]=1, open. sz[5]=2, %2=0 => closed. t=1, need 1+1=2 => true. feasible[5]=True.

Node 2: children: 3 and 5 (since parent is 1). Also maybe? 2 connected to 1,3,5. So children: 3 and 5. Both have sz%2=0? sz[3]=2, sz[5]=2, both %2=0 => closed children. So open_children = [] (t=0). sz[2] = 1 + 2 + 2 = 5? Wait, sz[2] includes itself plus subtrees of 3 and 5. sz[3]=2, sz[5]=2, so sz[2]=1+2+2=5. But total vertices should be 6, so root 1 will add. 5%2=1 => open. So for node 2, sz[2]%2=1 => must be open. t=0, L_u = 5%2=1. Condition: t=0 and L_u==1 => true. So feasible[2]=True.

Node 1: children: 2. sz[2]=5, %2=1 => open child. So open_children = [(2, L_v=1)] (since sz[2]%2=1). t=1. sz[1] = 1+5=6, %2=0 => closed. For closed with t=1, need 1 + L_v == K => 1+1=2 ==2 => true. So feasible[1]=True. Answer Yes. matches.

Sample 2:
N=3, K=2, vertices=6.
Edges: 1-2,2-3,3-4,2-5,3-6.
Tree: 1-2-3-4, and 2-5, 3-6.
Root at 1.

Compute:

Leaf 4: sz=1, open L=1, feasible.

Node 3: children: 4 and 6? Actually 3 connected to 2,4,6. Parent is 2, children: 4 and 6. Need to compute 6 first.

Leaf 6: sz=1, open L=1, feasible.

Now node 3: sz = 1 + sz[4] + sz[6] = 1+1+1=3. sz[3]%2 = 1 => must be open. open_children: both 4 and 6 are open (sz%2=1). So t=2. For open, t must be ≤1, so infeasible. Thus feasible[3]=False. Then node 2 will see child 3 infeasible, so overall No. matches.

Thus, the DP works for samples.

Now we need to ensure correctness for all cases.

Let's test some edge cases.

Case: K=1. Any tree works. Our DP: For each node, sz%1=0 => closed. open_children: since sz[v]%1=0 for all children, none are open. t=0. For closed with t=0, need K==1, which is true. So all nodes feasible. Root feasible => Yes.

Case: N=1, K = total vertices. Then we have a single path of length K covering all vertices. The tree must be a path of K vertices. Our DP should return Yes iff the tree is a path (i.e., no vertex degree >2) and also the DP conditions hold. Let's test with a star of 4 vertices (K=4, N=1). Tree: center with 3 leaves. Total vertices 4. Root at center. Children are leaves. Each leaf: sz=1, %4=1 => open L=1. So for center, open_children = 3 (t=3). sz[center]=4, %4=0 => closed. For closed, t must be ≤2, but t=3 => infeasible. So No, which is correct because star cannot be a single path of 4 vertices (it's not a path). If the tree is a path of 4 vertices: 1-2-3-4. Root at 1. Let's compute: Node 4 leaf: open L=1. Node 3: child 4 open, sz=2, %4=2 => open? Wait sz[3]=2, %4=2 !=0 => open. open_children: one child (4) open L=1. t=1. For open, need 1+L_v = L_u => 1+1=2 = L_u (2) => true. So feasible[3]=True (open with L=2). Node 2: children: 3 (open L=2). sz[2]=1+2=3, %4=3 => open. open_children: one child (3) open L=2. t=1. Need 1+L_v = L_u => 1+2=3 = L_u => true. feasible[2]=True (open L=3). Node 1: child 2 open L=3. sz[1]=4, %4=0 => closed. open_children: one child open L=3. t=1. For closed, need 1+L_v = K => 1+3=4 => true. feasible[1]=True. So Yes. Good.

Case: A tree that can be partitioned but with some nodes having t=2 closed condition. For example, a node with two open children whose L sum plus 1 equals K. That corresponds to a node that is internal in a path, with two branches that are paths of lengths L1 and L2, and the total path length is K. That's valid.

Now, we must also consider that for a node with sz[u] % K == 0 and t=2, we need L1+L2+1 = K. But is it possible that L1+L2+1 > K? Then it would be invalid. But could there be a scenario where L1+L2+1 = K + mK? Since L1 and L2 are each < K, their sum is at most 2K-2, plus 1 gives at most 2K-1. It could be greater than K. For example, K=5, L1=4, L2=4, then 4+4+1=9, which is >5. But would such a node be feasible? Let's see: If a node has two open children with L1=4 and L2=4, then sz[u] = 1 + (4 + aK) + (4 + bK) = 9 + (a+b)K. Then sz[u] % K = 9 % 5 = 4, not 0. So if sz[u] % K == 0, then 1 + L1 + L2 must be a multiple of K. Since L1,L2 < K, 1+L1+L2 is between 3 and 2K-1. The only multiples of K in that range are K itself (if 1+L1+L2 = K) or possibly 2K (if 1+L1+L2 = 2K). But 1+L1+L2 = 2K would require L1+L2 = 2K-1, which is possible only if L1 and L2 are both K-1? Then L1+L2 = 2K-2, plus 1 = 2K-1, not 2K. So 2K is not reachable because max is 2K-1. So the only possible multiple is K. Therefore, if sz[u] % K == 0 and t=2, we must have 1+L1+L2 = K. So our condition is necessary and also sufficient given the modulo condition.

Similarly, for t=1 closed, 1+L_v must equal K (since 1+L_v < 2K? Actually, 1+L_v could be K or could be 0 mod K? Since L_v < K, 1+L_v ≤ K. If 1+L_v = K, then sz[u] % K = 0. If 1+L_v < K, then sz[u] % K = 1+L_v, not 0. So for sz[u] % K == 0, we must have 1+L_v = K. So condition holds.

For open with t=1, we need 1+L_v = L_u, and L_u = sz[u] % K. Since sz[u] = 1 + L_v + mK, we have L_u = (1+L_v) % K. Since 1+L_v could be ≥ K, then L_u = 1+L_v - K. But then L_u would be less than K, and the equation 1+L_v = L_u would not hold; instead we would have 1+L_v = L_u + K. But our condition for open with t=1 was 1+L_v = L_u. However, is it possible that 1+L_v ≥ K and yet u is open? Let's examine. If 1+L_v ≥ K, then the open path that includes u and v would have size at least K. But u is open to parent, meaning the open path is supposed to be incomplete and will be extended upward. If the size already reaches K, then it's actually a complete path, and connecting to parent would exceed K or create a branch. So that configuration is invalid. Therefore, for u open, we must have 1+L_v < K. Hence, 1+L_v = L_u (since L_u = 1+L_v because no wrap-around). So our condition is correct.

For open with t=0, we need L_u = 1, which also implies 1 < K (unless K=1). So that's fine.

Thus, the DP conditions are both necessary and sufficient given the forced child states.

Now, we must also consider the possibility that a child with sz[v] % K == 0 might be feasible only if it is closed, but is it always feasible if it satisfies its own conditions? Yes, we check recursively. So the DP is sound.

Now, we should also consider the case where a child has sz[v] % K == 0 but its own feasibility might require that it has t=0 and K==1, or t=1 with 1+L_v=K, etc. That's handled recursively.

One more nuance: In the DP, when we compute open_children, we rely on the child being feasible and having sz[v] % K != 0. But what if the child is feasible but sz[v] % K == 0? Then it's closed, and we don't add to open_children. That's fine.

But we must also ensure that for a closed child, the edge (u,v) is cut. That means that child's component is complete and does not connect to u. In our DP for u, we don't need to check anything else about closed children, as they are independent.

Now, what about the scenario where a child is open, but its L_v might be such that when combined with u, the total size of the open path (if u is open) exceeds K? That would be caught by the condition 1+L_v = L_u and L_u < K, which implies 1+L_v < K. So if 1+L_v >= K, then either u cannot be open (must be closed) or the child cannot be open? But the child is forced open, so u must accommodate it. If 1+L_v = K, then u must be closed (as we saw). If 1+L_v > K, is that possible? Let's see: L_v < K, so 1+L_v ≤ K. Actually, maximum L_v = K-1, then 1+L_v = K. So 1+L_v cannot exceed K. So the only borderline is =K. So if 1+L_v = K, then u must be closed. That's consistent with our conditions: if u is closed and t=1, we require 1+L_v = K. So that works.

Thus, the DP covers all.

Now, we need to implement DFS carefully, handling large recursion. We'll use sys.setrecursionlimit(300000) or iterative.

Complexity: O(V) since each node processed once, and we just iterate children.

Now, let's test on more cases.

Consider a tree that is a path of 6 vertices with K=3 (N=2). Should be Yes (two paths of length 3). Let's simulate.

Vertices: 1-2-3-4-5-6. Root at 1.

Compute bottom-up:

Node 6: leaf, sz=1, %3=1 => open L=1, feasible.

Node 5: child 6 open L=1. sz=2, %3=2 => open. t=1, need 1+1=2 = L_u => true. feasible, open L=2.

Node 4: child 5 open L=2. sz=3, %3=0 => closed. t=1, need 1+2=3 = K => true. feasible, closed.

Node 3: child 4 closed? Wait, 4 is closed (sz%3=0). So open_children = []? Actually, 4 is closed, so not open. But 3 also has child? In path 1-2-3-4-5-6, if root at 1, then 3's children: 4? Actually, adjacency: 3 connected to 2 and 4. Parent is 2, child is 4. So child 4 is closed. So open_children empty. sz[3] = 1 + sz[4]=1+3=4, %3=1 => open. t=0, need L_u=1 => true. feasible, open L=1.

Node 2: children: 3 (open L=1). Also maybe? 2 connected to 1 and 3. So child 3 open. sz[2]=1+4=5? Wait sz[3]=4, so sz[2]=1+4=5, %3=2 => open. t=1, need 1+1=2 = L_u => true. feasible, open L=2.

Node 1: child 2 open L=2. sz[1]=1+5=6, %3=0 => closed. t=1, need 1+2=3 = K => true. feasible. Yes.

So works.

Consider a tree that is a path of 6 vertices with K=4 (N=1.5? Not integer, but total vertices must be multiple of K. So not applicable.

Now, consider a more complex tree where a node has two open children with L1=2, L2=2, K=5. Then 2+2+1=5 => valid closed. Let's construct such a subtree. For example, node u with two children v and w, each being a path of length 2 (i.e., 2 vertices? Actually L=2 means the open path from child has 2 vertices, so the child's subtree size is 2 + mK. To have L=2, the child's subtree size mod K =2. The simplest is a child that is just a path of 2 vertices? But a path of 2 vertices has size 2, and if K=5, 2%5=2, so that child would be open with L=2. But can a child be just two vertices? That would be a leaf? Actually, a node with one child leaf gives size 2, open L=2 (as we computed earlier). So v could be a node with a leaf child. Similarly w. Then u with these two children: each child open L=2. Then sz[u] = 1 + 2 + 2 = 5, %5=0, closed, t=2, condition holds. So u is feasible closed. Good.

Now, consider a node u with three open children, each L=1 (leaves). Then t=3, sz[u]=1+1+1+1=4? Actually, each leaf size 1, so sz[u]=1+3=4. If K=4, then sz[u]%4=0, closed, but t=3 >2, so infeasible. Indeed, a star with center and 3 leaves cannot be partitioned into paths of length 4? Total vertices 4, but we need one path of length 4, which would require the graph to be a path of 4 vertices, but star is not a path. So infeasible, correct.

Now, consider a node u with two open children L1=1, L2=2, K=4. Then 1+2+1=4 => valid closed. So u feasible.

Now, consider a node u with one open child L=3, K=4. Then if u is closed, need 1+3=4 => valid. If u is open, need 1+3= L_u, but L_u would be 4, not <4, so open invalid. So u must be closed. That matches: a child with L=3 forces parent to be closed.

Now, consider a node u with one open child L=2, K=4. Then if u is open, need 1+2=3 = L_u, and L_u = sz[u]%4. sz[u] = 1 + (2 + mK). For minimal m=0, sz[u]=3, %4=3, so L_u=3, condition holds. So u can be open with L=3. Also, could u be closed? For closed, need 1+2=3 = K? No, 3 !=4, so closed not possible. So u must be open. That's consistent.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a child is open but its L_v might be 0? Not possible because L_v = sz[v] % K, and if sz[v] % K == 0, child is closed. So L_v ∈ [1, K-1].

Now, we must ensure that the DP correctly handles the case where a child is open but its own feasibility might depend on its children, etc. That's recursive.

Thus, the algorithm seems correct.

Now, we need to implement.

Implementation details:

- Input N, K. V = N * K.
- Build adjacency list.
- If K == 1: print Yes and exit (though DP would also work, but we can short-circuit).
- Root the tree at 1 (or any). Perform DFS.

We'll do recursive DFS with sys.setrecursionlimit(500000). But Python recursion may still be slow for 2e5, but usually okay if not too deep. However, tree could be a long path, depth 2e5, which may cause recursion limit error or stack overflow. Better to use iterative DFS with explicit stack for post-order traversal.

We can do:

- parent array, order list via stack for DFS order, then process in reverse order.

Simpler: use recursion with setrecursionlimit(3000000) might work, but Python recursion depth limit is typically 1000, we need to increase. We can set sys.setrecursionlimit(1e6). However, deep recursion may cause segmentation fault due to C stack limit. Safer to implement iterative.

We'll implement iterative post-order:

- Use stack for DFS to compute parent and order.
- First pass: stack = [(1, 0)] (node, parent). While stack: pop, record node, push children with parent. Also build order list.
- Then process nodes in reverse order (post-order). For each node, compute sz and feasibility using children info.

We'll need adjacency list.

Pseudo:

adj = [[] for _ in range(V+1)]
for each edge: adj[u].append(v), adj[v].append(u)

parent = [0]*(V+1)
order = []
stack = [1]
parent[1] = -1  # mark root
while stack:
    u = stack.pop()
    order.append(u)
    for v in adj[u]:
        if v != parent[u]:
            parent[v] = u
            stack.append(v)

Now order is in some order (preorder). To process post-order, we can reverse order.

Initialize sz = [1]*(V+1)  # will add children later
feasible = [False]*(V+1)

For u in reversed(order):
    # collect open children info
    open_L = []  # list of L_v for open children
    for v in adj[u]:
        if v == parent[u]: continue
        if not feasible[v]:
            feasible[u] = False
            break
        sz[u] += sz[v]
        if sz[v] % K != 0:
            open_L.append(sz[v] % K)
    else:  # no break
        t = len(open_L)
        if sz[u] % K == 0:
            # closed
            if t == 0:
                feasible[u] = (K == 1)
            elif t == 1:
                feasible[u] = (1 + open_L[0] == K)
            elif t == 2:
                feasible[u] = (open_L[0] + open_L[1] + 1 == K)
            else:
                feasible[u] = False
        else:
            L_u = sz[u] % K
            if t == 0:
                feasible[u] = (L_u == 1)
            elif t == 1:
                feasible[u] = (1 + open_L[0] == L_u)
            else:
                feasible[u] = False

After loop, if feasible[1] then Yes else No.

But we must be careful: In the loop, we added sz[v] to sz[u] after checking feasibility. However, we need sz[v] already computed. Since we process in reverse order, children are processed before parent, so sz[v] is final. Good.

Also, we need to ensure that for each child, we have already determined feasible[v]. If any child is infeasible, we mark u infeasible and break. But we also need to not use that child's sz? Actually, if a child is infeasible, the whole subtree is impossible, so u is infeasible regardless. We can break and set feasible[u]=False, and we don't need to compute further. However, we might have already added some sz from previous children? In the loop, we are iterating over children and adding sz[v] to sz[u] only if feasible[v] is true. If we encounter an infeasible child, we should not add its sz (since the subtree is invalid). But we can just break and set feasible[u]=False, and the sz[u] value won't be used later because u is infeasible. However, to be safe, we can compute sz[u] after confirming all children feasible. So we can first collect child data in a list, checking feasibility, and if all good, then sum sz. But that would require two passes. Simpler: we can compute sz[u] initially as 1, then for each child, if feasible[v] is False, set feasible[u]=False and break; else add sz[v] to sz[u] and record open_L if needed. If we break early, sz[u] might be incomplete, but since u is infeasible, it doesn't matter. However, we must ensure that we don't use sz[u] later for parent if u is infeasible? The parent will check feasible[u] and if false, will mark itself infeasible without using sz[u]. So it's okay.

But careful: When we break, we might have already added some children's sz to sz[u], but not all. That would make sz[u] incorrect, but since u is infeasible, we won't use sz[u] for anything else (parent will see feasible[u]==False and not add sz[u]). So it's fine.

Alternatively, we can first compute sz[u] by summing sz[v] for all children (since sz[v] are known regardless of feasibility? But if a child is infeasible, its sz is still computed (we computed it earlier), but the subtree cannot be partitioned, so the whole tree is impossible. So we could still sum sz, but then we need to know that child is infeasible to mark u infeasible. So we can compute sz[u] = 1 + sum(sz[v] for v in children) regardless, and then check feasibility using open_L list built from feasible children only? But if a child is infeasible, we should mark u infeasible regardless of other children. So we can first compute sz[u] (since sz[v] are known), and also build open_L only from children that are feasible and have sz[v]%K !=0. But if any child is infeasible, we set feasible[u]=False directly. So we can do:

sz[u] = 1
open_L = []
all_children_feasible = True
for v in children:
    if not feasible[v]:
        all_children_feasible = False
        break
    sz[u] += sz[v]
    if sz[v] % K != 0:
        open_L.append(sz[v] % K)
if not all_children_feasible:
    feasible[u] = False
else:
    # proceed with conditions

This avoids early break messing sz.

We'll implement that.

Now, we must also consider that the root's parent is None, so we skip.

Now, test on some more cases.

Case: N=2, K=3, tree: a path of 6 vertices should be Yes. Already tested similar.

Case: N=2, K=3, tree: a star with center and 5 leaves? Total vertices 6? Actually star with center and 5 leaves has 6 vertices. Can it be partitioned into two paths of length 3? Let's see. Center degree 5. Each path of length 3 uses 3 vertices. We need two paths covering all 6 vertices. Since center has degree 5, it must be part of some path. In a path of length 3, the center could be internal or endpoint. If center is internal in a path, it would have two neighbors in that path, leaving 3 other edges to other vertices, which would have to be inter-path edges. Those other vertices would be leaves, each must be endpoint of some path. But a leaf can only be endpoint. So we could have one path that goes leaf1 - center - leaf2, that's length 3. Then the remaining three leaves must form another path of length 3, but they are only connected to center, not to each other. They cannot form a path of length 3 because they are not connected among themselves. So impossible. Our DP should say No.

Let's simulate: V=6, K=3. Root at center (say node 1). Leaves: 2,3,4,5,6. Each leaf: sz=1, %3=1 => open L=1, feasible. For center u: children all leaves, all open, t=5. sz[u]=1+5=6, %3=0 => closed. t=5 >2 => infeasible. So No. Good.

Case: A tree where a node has two open children with L1=1, L2=2, K=4. Then 1+2+1=4 => closed feasible. Let's construct: Node u with two children v and w. v is a leaf (L=1). w is a node with one leaf child (so w's subtree size 2, L=2). Then u's subtree size = 1+1+2=4, %4=0, closed, t=2, condition holds. So feasible. Does this correspond to a valid decomposition? The paths: w's open path is of length 2 (w and its leaf). When attached to u, and also v attached, the component containing u becomes a path of length 4: v - u - w - leaf? Wait, need to check ordering: The open path from w is w as endpoint? Actually, w is open with L=2, meaning the open path from w consists of w and its leaf child (say w - x). The endpoint connecting to u is w (since w is the node that connects to parent). So the path from w's side is x - w (with w as endpoint). Attaching u to w gives u - w - x. Then attaching v (leaf) to u gives v - u - w - x. That's a path of 4 vertices: v, u, w, x. Yes, valid. The rest of the tree? u's parent maybe? If u is root, then this component is a complete path of size 4, and there are no other vertices. So decomposition exists. Good.

Now, consider a node u with one open child L=3, K=5. Then if u is closed, need 1+3=4 !=5, so closed not possible. If u is open, need 1+3=4 = L_u, but L_u = sz[u]%5. sz[u] = 1 + (3 + m*5). For m=0, sz[u]=4, %5=4, so L_u=4, condition holds. So u open with L=4. That means the open path from u has length 4, and will connect to parent. Is that valid? The open path would be u plus the child's open path of length 3, total 4. That's a path of 4 vertices, not yet complete. It will be extended upward. That's fine. So u feasible open.

Now, consider a node u with one open child L=4, K=5. Then 1+4=5. For u closed, need 1+4=5 => valid. For u open, need 1+4=5 = L_u, but L_u would be 5? Actually, if u is open, L_u must be <5, so 5 is not allowed. So u must be closed. So child with L=4 forces parent closed. That makes sense because the combined path would be complete.

Now, we must also consider the case where a child is open but its L_v might be such that when combined with u (open) the total length exceeds K? As argued, max is K, and if equals K, then u cannot be open. So our condition covers.

Thus, DP seems solid.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a node having a child with sz[v] % K == 0 but that child might be open? No, because if sz[v] % K == 0, then the only feasible state for v is closed (if feasible). Could v be open with length 0? Not allowed. So it's closed.

One more nuance: What about the case where a child has sz[v] % K == 0 but is infeasible? Then u becomes infeasible. That's fine.

Now, we need to ensure that the DP correctly handles the root. The root must be closed, and we check that.

Now, let's test on a tricky case: Suppose K=4, and we have a node u with two open children L1=1, L2=1. Then 1+1+1=3 !=4, so closed not possible. If u is open, t=2 not allowed. So u infeasible. That means a node with two leaves cannot be part of a valid decomposition unless K=3? Actually, if K=3, then 1+1+1=3 works. So for K=4, a node with two leaves is impossible. That matches intuition: a node with two leaves would form a path of length 3 if connected, but we need paths of length 4. So the node would need to be part of a longer path, but with two leaves, it's already degree 2 in the path, so it can't connect to parent. So it would have to be a complete path of size 3, which is not 4. So impossible.

Now, consider a node u with one open child L=1 and one closed child (which is a complete path of size 4). Then t=1, sz[u] = 1 + (1 + 0*4?) Actually, closed child has size multiple of 4, say 4. Then sz[u] = 1 + 1 + 4 = 6, %4=2 => open. t=1, need 1+1=2 = L_u => true. So u open with L=2. That seems plausible: u connects to parent, and also to the open child (leaf), forming an open path of length 2. The closed child is a separate complete path of size 4. So decomposition exists? Let's construct: u has leaf v (open L=1) and a subtree w that is a closed path of 4 vertices (maybe a path of 4). The edge u-w is cut. So we have two components: one is the closed path of 4, and the other is an open path consisting of u and v (size 2) that will connect to u's parent. That seems valid as long as the rest of the tree can accommodate. So DP says feasible.

Now, we must ensure that for a closed child, its own feasibility might require that it is a complete path of size K. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the scenario where a node has multiple closed children, each of size multiple of K. That's fine; they are separate components.

Now, let's test on a larger random tree to ensure no missing conditions.

One more check: The DP relies on the fact that each child's state is forced by its subtree size modulo K. But is it always true that if sz[v] % K != 0, then the only feasible configuration is open? Could there be a feasible configuration where v is closed even though sz[v] % K != 0? As argued, closed would require all vertices in v's subtree to be partitioned into complete paths of size K, implying sz[v] is multiple of K. So impossible. So yes.

Similarly, if sz[v] % K == 0, could v be open? Open would require an open path of length L (1≤L<K) and the rest complete paths, so total size = L + mK. Then sz[v] % K = L, not 0. So impossible. So forced.

Thus, the DP is deterministic.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a node's subtree size might be 0? No.

Now, implement.

But wait: There is a subtlety: The DP as described assumes that for each child, if it is open, then the edge (u,v) must be used as a path edge. However, is it possible that a child is open but we could choose not to use the edge (i.e., cut it) and instead have the child's open path be completed within its own subtree by connecting to some other node? But the child's open path is defined as connecting to its parent. If we cut the edge, then the child's open path would have no connection to parent, meaning it would be an incomplete path of length L_v (<K) that is not connected to anything else, which is invalid because all vertices must be in complete paths of size K. The only way for the child's subtree to be valid is if the open path connects to the parent. So the edge must be used. So yes, forced.

Thus, the DP is correct.

Now, we should also consider the case where K > total vertices? But NK = V, so K ≤ V. Fine.

Now, let's test on some corner cases:

- N=1, K=V. Tree must be a path of V vertices. Our DP should return Yes iff the tree is a path (i.e., no node has degree >2). But does our DP automatically enforce that? Let's see. For a tree that is not a path, there will be a node with degree ≥3. Consider a node u with three children (in rooted tree). For each child, if the subtree sizes are such that some are open, etc. But could it still be feasible? Let's test with V=4, K=4, tree: star with center and 3 leaves. As we saw, center has three open children (leaves) => t=3, closed required but t>2 => infeasible. So No. What about a tree where a node has degree 3 but one of the branches is a closed subtree of size multiple of K, and the other two are open? For K=4, suppose center u has two open children (leaves) and one closed child that is a path of 4 vertices (size 4). Then t=2, sz[u] = 1 + 1 + 1 + 4 = 7, %4=3 => open? Actually 7%4=3, so u must be open. But t=2 >1, so open not allowed. So infeasible. If the closed child is size 8 (multiple of 4), then sz[u] = 1+1+1+8=11, %4=3, open, t=2 >1 => infeasible. If the closed child is size 4 and one open child, t=1, sz=1+1+4=6, %4=2 => open, t=1, need 1+1=2 = L_u => true. So u open with L=2. That seems feasible for u. But then u has degree 3 in the tree: connections to two open children? Actually, t=1 means only one open child, the other child is closed (edge cut). So u has only one incident path edge (to the open child) plus the edge to parent (since u is open). So total degree in path subgraph is 2. The other child is closed, so edge cut. So u's degree in the tree is 3, but only two edges are used in paths, one is cut. That's allowed. So a node with degree 3 can be feasible if exactly one child is open and the others are closed, and u is open. But does that correspond to a valid decomposition of the whole tree? Let's construct: u is center, with one leaf v (open L=1), one closed subtree w that is a complete path of size 4, and one other leaf x? Wait, we said t=1, so only one open child. The other children must be closed. So if u has three children, two must be closed. For them to be closed, each must have subtree size multiple of K. Leaves have size 1, not multiple of 4, so they cannot be closed. So to have two closed children, they must be subtrees of size multiple of 4. So possible: u has children: v (leaf) -> open, w (subtree of size 4) -> closed, x (subtree of size 4) -> closed. Then t=1, sz[u] = 1+1+4+4=10, %4=2 => open, L_u=2, condition 1+1=2 holds. So u open feasible. Now, does this correspond to a valid global decomposition? u is open, so it will connect to its parent. The open path from u includes u and v (leaf), length 2. The closed subtrees w and x are separate complete paths of size 4 each. So total vertices: 1 (u) + 1 (v) + 4 + 4 = 10, which is 2.5*K? Actually K=4, total vertices should be multiple of K. 10 is not a multiple of 4, but this is just a subtree; the whole tree must have total NK vertices. In this example, if u is not root, the total tree size may be multiple of K. But the subtree size 10 is not a multiple of 4, which is fine because u is open, so the open path will be completed upward. The whole tree size will be multiple of K. So it's plausible. Now, is the tree structure possible? u connected to three children: v (leaf), w (root of a 4-vertex path), x (root of another 4-vertex path). This tree has u degree 3. Can we decompose it into paths of length 4? Let's try to construct explicitly: Suppose w is a path of 4 vertices: w1-w2-w3-w4, with w1 connected to u. Similarly, x is a path of 4 vertices: x1-x2-x3-x4, with x1 connected to u. v is a leaf. u is connected to parent p (some other part). We need to partition all vertices into paths of length 4. The closed subtrees w and x are already complete paths of length 4? But are they paths? w is a path of 4 vertices: w1-w2-w3-w4. However, w1 is connected to u. If we consider w as a closed component, that means the edge u-w1 is cut, so w1-w2-w3-w4 forms a path of 4 vertices, disconnected from u. That's valid. Similarly for x. Then we have u, v, and the rest of the tree (including parent p). The open path from u includes u and v (length 2). It will connect to p to form a longer path. So we need to ensure that the rest of the tree (including p and other subtrees) can be partitioned such that the open path from u (length 2) combines with something to make a path of length 4. That seems possible if p provides 2 more vertices. So overall, the decomposition could exist. So a node with degree 3 can be feasible. So our DP does not require the tree to be a path; it allows branching as long as the branching edges are cut (i.e., not used in the path decomposition). That's correct.

Thus, the DP seems robust.

Now, we should also consider the case where a node has a child that is open with L_v = K-1. As we saw, that forces the parent to be closed (if parent takes that child) because 1+L_v = K. But what if the parent has another open child? Then t=2, and for closed we need L1+L2+1 = K. If L1=K-1, then L2 would need to be 0, impossible. So if a node has a child with L=K-1, it cannot have any other open child; it must be closed with exactly that one open child. That matches: the child with L=K-1 essentially provides almost a full path, and adding u completes it.

Now, we should also consider the case where a node has a child with L_v such that 1+L_v > K? Not possible as argued.

Now, we must ensure that the DP correctly handles the situation where a node has multiple closed children, each of size multiple of K. That's fine.

Now, we should test on a more complex tree to ensure no oversight.

Consider K=5. Build a tree:

Root r has two children a and b.
a has two children a1 and a2, each leaf.
b has one child b1, which is leaf.

Let's compute sizes:

Leaves: size1, %5=1 => open L=1.

a: children a1,a2 both open L=1. sz[a] = 1+1+1=3, %5=3 => open? t=2, but open only allows t≤1, so a infeasible. So this tree cannot be partitioned. Indeed, a with two leaves cannot be part of a decomposition for K=5 because the component containing a would need to be a path of size 5, but a with two leaves gives at most 3 vertices if connected, and can't connect to parent because open would need t≤1. So impossible.

Now, modify: a has one leaf and one closed subtree of size 5. Then a: open child leaf L=1, closed child size5. t=1, sz[a]=1+1+5=7, %5=2 => open, need 1+1=2 => true. So a feasible open with L=2. b: child leaf L=1, t=1, sz[b]=2, %5=2 => open, need 1+1=2 => true. So b feasible open L=2. Now root r: children a (open L=2), b (open L=2). t=2, sz[r]=1+7+2=10? Wait, sz[a]=7, sz[b]=2, so sz[r]=1+7+2=10, %5=0 => closed. For closed with t=2, need L1+L2+1 = 2+2+1=5 = K => true. So r feasible closed. So overall feasible. Does a valid decomposition exist? Let's attempt to construct: a's open path includes a and its leaf (size2). b's open path includes b and its leaf (size2). The closed subtree of size5 under a is a separate path of 5 vertices. Now at root r, we have two open paths from a and b, each of length 2. Combining them with r gives a path of length 5: leaf_a - a - r - b - leaf_b. That's 5 vertices. The closed subtree of size5 under a is separate. So total vertices: 5 (from closed) + 5 (from the combined path) =10, which is 2*5. So decomposition: two paths of length5. Seems valid. Good.

Thus, DP works.

Now, we must also consider the case where a node has a child that is open but the child's L_v might be such that when combined with u (open) the total length L_u is computed correctly. Since we use sz[u] % K, which accounts for any multiples of K from closed children, the equation 1+L_v = L_u will hold only if there are no other open children and the sum of L_v plus 1 is less than K. If there are closed children, they contribute multiples of K, so sz[u] % K = (1 + L_v) % K. If 1+L_v < K, then it's exactly 1+L_v. If 1+L_v = K, then sz[u] % K = 0, which would make u closed, not open. So the case where 1+L_v = K is captured by u being closed with t=1. So our branching covers that.

Now, what about the possibility that a node has an open child and also some closed children, and 1+L_v could be > K? As argued, max is K, so not >K. So fine.

Thus, the DP is complete.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of a node having an open child with L_v such that 1+L_v = L_u + mK for m≥1? That would require 1+L_v ≥ K+1, impossible. So no.

Now, implement.

But we must be careful: The DP uses sz[v] % K to determine if child is open. However, what if sz[v] % K == 0 but the child is not feasible? Then we mark u infeasible. That's fine.

Now, we should also consider the case where K > sz[v] for some subtree. For example, a leaf has sz=1, K could be 100. Then sz%K=1, open L=1. That's fine. The condition for open with t=0 requires L_u=1, which may hold if the node itself is a leaf. For a leaf, t=0, L_u=1, so feasible. So leaves are always feasible as long as K>1? Actually, if K>1, leaf is open with L=1, which is feasible. If K=1, leaf is closed with t=0 and K=1, feasible. So leaves are always feasible. That makes sense: a leaf can always be an endpoint of a path that will be extended upward, or if K=1, it's a complete path.

Now, what about a node with sz[u] < K? Then sz[u] % K = sz[u] (since sz[u] < K). For such a node, it must be open (since not multiple of K). The condition for open: t must be 0 or 1, and if t=0 then L_u must be 1, i.e., sz[u]=1. So a node with sz[u] between 2 and K-1 must have exactly one open child, and 1+L_v = sz[u]. This implies that the node's subtree size is exactly 1 + L_v, and L_v = sz[u]-1. Since L_v = sz[v] % K, and sz[v] < K? Possibly. This enforces that the node's subtree is essentially a path that goes from u down to a leaf, with no branching. That seems correct: if a subtree has size less than K, it cannot contain a complete path, so it must be a single open path that will connect upward. And that open path must be a simple path (no branching). Our condition t=1 ensures that there is exactly one child that is open, and that child's open length plus u equals the total size. This forces the subtree to be a path. Additionally, any other children must be closed, but if there were any other children, they would have to be closed, meaning their subtree size is a multiple of K, which would be at least K, making total size >= K+1, contradiction because sz[u] < K. So indeed, for sz[u] < K, there can be no closed children (since they'd contribute at least K). So t must be 1, and there are no other children. So the subtree is a simple chain. That matches intuition.

Now, for sz[u] >= K, the conditions allow more flexibility.

Thus, the DP seems logically sound.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of integer overflow? Not an issue.

Now, implement.

But wait: There is a subtle point: The DP assumes that for a child with sz[v] % K != 0, the child is open and the edge must be used. However, is it possible that the child's open path could be oriented such that the endpoint connecting to the parent is not the child itself but some other vertex in the child's subtree? In our definition, the open path is the component that contains the child and will connect to the parent. The child is the vertex adjacent to the parent. In the open configuration, the child is the endpoint of the open path that attaches to the parent. That's what we used. But could the open path have the child as an internal vertex, with the endpoint being some descendant, and still connect to parent? That would mean the edge (u,v) is used, but v is internal in the open path. Then v would have two incident path edges: one to u and one to its child. That would make v internal. In that case, what is the "open length" that we pass upward? The open path would include u? Actually, if v is internal, then the open path that includes u would go through v and then to its child, making u also part of the open path. But then the open path's endpoint on the u side would be u, not v. In that scenario, the child v would not be the endpoint; instead, the open path would be from u down through v to some leaf. Then from the perspective of the child's DP, if v is internal and connects to parent, then v's state would be "open internal" (state C), and the open length passed upward would be the size of the partial path from v downward plus 1? Actually, we earlier argued that in such a case, the open path that includes v and its descendants has v as an endpoint within the subtree? Let's re-evaluate.

Our earlier analysis concluded that a node cannot have both Closed and Open, and that the open length L_v equals sz[v] % K. But is it always true that in an open configuration, the node v is the endpoint of the open path that connects to its parent? Could v be internal? Let's examine with an example.

Consider a subtree where the node v is internal in the open path that connects to parent. That would mean the open path goes from parent u into v, then continues to one of v's children, and possibly further. In this configuration, v has two incident path edges: one to u and one to that child. So v is internal in the overall path. The open path that will be extended upward includes u as well? Actually, the open path is the component that is not yet complete and will connect to u's parent. This component includes u and v and the descendant chain. So from v's perspective, if we consider the subtree rooted at v, the component that contains v and is open to its parent (u) is not just a path with v as endpoint; it's a path where v is internal. However, in our DP, we defined the open state as the node being the endpoint of the open path that connects to parent. That definition might be too restrictive. Let's revisit the earlier deduction that a node cannot have both Closed and Open, and that Open implies the node is the endpoint. Is that necessarily true?

We derived that from the modulo argument, but we assumed that in an open configuration, the node is part of an open path that will connect to parent, and the rest of the subtree is partitioned into complete paths. We didn't assume that the node is an endpoint. The modulo argument only used the total size of the subtree and the size of the open path (the component containing the node that is not yet complete). It did not depend on whether the node is endpoint or internal. So the conclusion that sz[u] % K = L (where L is the size of the open component containing u) still holds, regardless of whether u is endpoint or internal in that component. However, we also need to consider how the open component attaches to the parent. If u is internal in the open component, then the open component would have two connections to the parent? No, the open component is a path that has two endpoints. One endpoint is somewhere in the subtree (descendant), and the other endpoint is the vertex that connects to the parent. If u is internal, then the endpoint that connects to the parent is not u; it would be some other vertex in the subtree that is adjacent to the parent? But the parent is connected to u by an edge. The only way for the open component to connect to the parent is via the edge (u, parent). So the vertex in the open component that is incident to that edge must be u. Therefore, u must be an endpoint of the open component? Not necessarily: The edge (u, parent) is incident to u. If u is internal in the open component, then u has two neighbors within the component. Adding the edge to parent would give u three incident path edges, which is not allowed in a path (max degree 2). Therefore, u cannot be internal in the open component if it also connects to parent. Because then u would have degree 3 in the path subgraph (two within the component plus the edge to parent). The only way to avoid that is if one of the edges within the component is not used, but then u wouldn't be internal. So indeed, if u is open to parent, u must be an endpoint of the open component. Because the open component is a path, and u is the vertex that connects to the parent. For the path to remain a path, u can have at most one other neighbor within the component. So u is an endpoint of that path. Therefore, in an open configuration, the node is always an endpoint of the open path that connects to its parent. Good.

Thus, our earlier assumption that open state implies the node is endpoint is correct. So the child v, when open, must be an endpoint of its open path, and the edge to parent is used, and v has at most one child in the path. That matches our DP where we only allowed at most one open child when u is open, etc. And we also concluded that for a child open, the open length L_v is the size of the open path that has v as an endpoint. So v is endpoint, and the open path consists of v and a chain descending from v (if it takes a child) or just v if no child. So v's degree within the open path is 1 (to its child if any, or 0). That's consistent with our earlier analysis that in state B or C, v is endpoint on the parent side. Actually, in state C (internal), v had two incident edges: one to parent and one to child, making it internal in the full path, but within the subtree, v had degree 1 (to child) and the edge to parent is outside. So from the perspective of the subtree, v is an endpoint of the partial path (the side that connects to parent is open). So it's consistent: v is the endpoint of the open path that will connect to parent. So our model holds.

Thus, the DP is consistent.

Now, we should also verify that the condition for u closed with t=2 (two open children) results in u being internal in the component, which is fine because u has no parent edge.

Now, we must ensure that the DP does not miss the possibility that a node could have an open child but also have a closed child that is not a multiple of K? That can't happen because closed child must have size multiple of K to be feasible. So closed children are always multiples of K.

Now, implement.

But we must be careful about the root: The root has no parent, so it must be closed. Our DP will compute sz[root] % K == 0 (since total vertices = NK), and then apply closed conditions. That's correct.

Now, let's test on a case where the root has t=0 and K>1. That would mean the root has no open children, i.e., all children are closed (subtree sizes multiples of K). Then sz[root] = 1 + sum(multiple of K) = 1 mod K, but total sz[root] must be multiple of K, contradiction. So t=0 cannot happen for root when K>1, because sz[root] would be 1 mod K. Indeed, if all children are closed, each contributes a multiple of K, so sz[root] ≡ 1 (mod K), but we need sz[root] ≡ 0. So t cannot be 0 for root unless K=1. So our condition for closed with t=0 (K==1) will handle that.

Now, we should also consider the possibility that a node has an open child but the child's L_v might be 0? Not possible.

Now, let's think about the correctness proof sketch: We can prove by induction that for any node u, if its subtree can be partitioned according to the problem, then the following holds: (1) sz[u] % K determines whether u is open or closed: if 0 then closed, else open with L = sz[u] % K. (2) The number of open children t must satisfy the degree constraints and the length equations as we derived. Conversely, if these conditions hold for all nodes, we can construct a decomposition by combining the open paths appropriately. The construction would be: For each node, if it is open, it connects to its parent via the edge, and if it has an open child, that child's open path attaches to it, forming a longer open path. If it is closed, it either has 0,1,2 open children and forms a complete path with them. This recursively builds the paths. Since the conditions ensure that at each node the local configuration is valid and sizes match, the global decomposition exists. So the DP is both necessary and sufficient.

Thus, we can implement.

Now, we should also consider the possibility of multiple open children when u is closed? We allowed t=2. Could t be 0? Only if K=1. So for K>1, closed nodes must have exactly 1 or 2 open children, with the length condition. That seems right.

Now, we must also consider that a node could have t=2 but the two open children might have L values that sum to K-1, which is the condition. That's fine.

Now, let's test on a random tree with a script mentally? Not needed.

Now, we should also handle the case where K > total vertices? Not possible because NK = V, so K ≤ V.

Now, implement in Python.

Potential pitfalls:

- The tree may be large, recursion depth. We'll use iterative DFS.
- When building adjacency, use 1-indexed.
- Use list for sz, feasible.
- When processing node u, we need to iterate over its children (excluding parent). We have parent array from the first DFS.

Implementation steps:

1. Read N, K.
2. V = N * K.
3. If K == 1: print("Yes") and return. (Optional, but DP works too.)
4. Build adjacency list.
5. Root the tree at 1. Perform iterative stack to compute parent and order.
   - parent = [0]*(V+1)
   - order = []
   - stack = [1]
   - parent[1] = -1
   - while stack: u = stack.pop(); order.append(u); for v in adj[u]: if v != parent[u]: parent[v] = u; stack.append(v)
6. Initialize sz = [1]*(V+1)  (will add children later)
7. feasible = [False]*(V+1)
8. Process nodes in reverse order:
   for u in reversed(order):
       open_L = []
       all_feasible = True
       for v in adj[u]:
           if v == parent[u]: continue
           if not feasible[v]:
               all_feasible = False
               break
           sz[u] += sz[v]
           if sz[v] % K != 0:
               open_L.append(sz[v] % K)
       if not all_feasible:
           feasible[u] = False
           continue
       t = len(open_L)
       if sz[u] % K == 0:
           # closed
           if t == 0:
               feasible[u] = (K == 1)
           elif t == 1:
               feasible[u] = (1 + open_L[0] == K)
           elif t == 2:
               feasible[u] = (open_L[0] + open_L[1] + 1 == K)
           else:
               feasible[u] = False
       else:
           L_u = sz[u] % K
           if t == 0:
               feasible[u] = (L_u == 1)
           elif t == 1:
               feasible[u] = (1 + open_L[0] == L_u)
           else:
               feasible[u] = False
9. After loop, if feasible[1]: print("Yes") else print("No").

We should also consider that for K=1, the condition for closed with t=0 is K==1, which is true. Also, for nodes with sz[u]%1==0, they are closed, and t will be 0 because sz[v]%1==0 for all children (since any integer mod 1 is 0). So all nodes will be feasible. So we could skip special case, but it's fine.

Now, test on sample inputs.

Sample1: as earlier, should output Yes.

Sample2: No.

Now, test on a simple case: N=1, K=4, tree: path of 4 vertices. Should Yes. Let's simulate quickly: V=4. Root at 1. Adj: 1-2-3-4. Compute:

Leaf 4: sz=1, %4=1 => open, t=0, L_u=1 => feasible.
Node 3: child 4 open L=1. sz=2, %4=2 => open, t=1, need 1+1=2 => feasible.
Node 2: child 3 open L=2. sz=3, %4=3 => open, t=1, need 1+2=3 => feasible.
Node 1: child 2 open L=3. sz=4, %4=0 => closed, t=1, need 1+3=4 => feasible. Yes.

Now, test on star with 4 vertices, K=4: center with 3 leaves. Leaves: open L=1. Center: t=3, sz=4, %4=0 => closed, t=3 >2 => infeasible. No.

Now, test on a tree where a node has two open children with L1=1, L2=2, K=4. As earlier, should be feasible for that node if it is closed. Let's construct a small tree: u with children v (leaf) and w (node with one leaf). So w's subtree: w with child x leaf. Compute: x leaf: open L=1. w: child x open L=1, sz[w]=2, %4=2 => open, t=1, need 1+1=2 => feasible, open L=2. u: children v (open L=1) and w (open L=2). t=2, sz[u]=1+1+2=4, %4=0 => closed, need 1+2+1=4 => true. So u feasible. Root? If u is root, then feasible[1]=True. So Yes. Let's see if decomposition exists: paths: w-x is a path of length 2? But we need
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
