=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a tree with N vertices. The i-th edge (1 \leq i \leq N-1) connects vertices u_i and v_i bidirectionally.
Adding one undirected edge to the given tree always yields a graph with exactly one cycle.
Among such graphs, how many satisfy all of the following conditions?

- The graph is simple.
- All vertices in the cycle have degree 3.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_{N-1} v_{N-1}

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 3 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq N
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

6
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 5
3 6

Sample Output 1

1

Adding an edge connecting vertices 2 and 4 yields a simple graph where all vertices in the cycle have degree 3, so it satisfies the conditions.

Sample Input 2

7
1 2
2 7
3 5
7 3
6 2
4 7

Sample Output 2

0

There are cases where no graphs satisfy the conditions.

Sample Input 3

15
1 15
11 14
2 10
1 7
9 8
6 9
4 12
14 5
4 9
8 11
7 4
1 13
3 6
11 10

Sample Output 3

6

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
Let me analyze this problem step by step.

We have a tree with N vertices. When we add one undirected edge to a tree, we get exactly one cycle. We need to count how many ways we can add an edge such that:
1. The graph is simple (no self-loops or multiple edges between same vertices)
2. All vertices in the cycle have degree 3

First, let me understand what happens when we add an edge to a tree:
- In a tree, there's exactly one path between any two vertices
- When we add an edge (u, v), the cycle consists of the path from u to v in the original tree plus the new edge (u, v)

For all vertices in the cycle to have degree 3:
- The endpoints u and v of the new edge must have degree 2 in the original tree (they gain one degree from the new edge)
- All intermediate vertices on the path from u to v must have degree 3 in the original tree (they're already on the cycle path and don't gain any degree from the new edge)

Wait, let me reconsider. When we add edge (u, v):
- The cycle consists of the path from u to v in the tree plus the new edge
- Vertices on this path (including u and v) are in the cycle
- For a vertex to have degree 3 in the final graph:
  - If it's u or v: it needs degree 2 in the original tree (since it gains 1 from the new edge)
  - If it's an intermediate vertex on the path: it needs degree 3 in the original tree

Wait, but intermediate vertices on the path also have edges going outside the cycle. Let me think again.

In the original tree:
- u has some degree du
- v has some degree dv
- intermediate vertices on the path have some degrees

After adding edge (u, v):
- u has degree du + 1
- v has degree dv + 1
- intermediate vertices' degrees don't change

For all vertices in the cycle to have degree 3:
- u must have degree 2 in the original tree
- v must have degree 2 in the original tree
- All intermediate vertices on the path must have degree 3 in the original tree

So the problem reduces to: count pairs (u, v) where:
1. u and v are not adjacent in the original tree (to keep the graph simple)
2. Both u and v have degree 2 in the original tree
3. All intermediate vertices on the path from u to v have degree 3

Let me verify with the first example:
Tree:
```
1-2-3-4-5
    |
    6
```
Degrees: 1→1, 2→2, 3→3, 4→2, 5→1, 6→1

Path from 2 to 4: 2-3-4
- u=2 has degree 2 ✓
- v=4 has degree 2 ✓
- Intermediate vertex 3 has degree 3 ✓

So adding edge (2,4) works. The answer is 1.

Let me verify with the second example:
Tree:
```
1-2-7-3-5
  |  |
  6  4
```
Wait, let me parse the edges:
1-2, 2-7, 3-5, 7-3, 6-2, 4-7

So:
1-2, 2-7, 7-3, 3-5, 2-6, 7-4

Degrees:
1→1, 2→3, 3→2, 4→1, 5→1, 6→1, 7→3

For the cycle to have all vertices with degree 3:
- u and v must have degree 2 in the original tree
- Only vertex 3 has degree 2

We need two vertices with degree 2, but there's only one. So the answer is 0.

This makes sense!

Now, how do we count efficiently?

Approach:
1. Find all vertices with degree 2
2. Find all vertices with degree 3
3. For each pair of degree-2 vertices (u, v), check if all intermediate vertices on the path have degree 3

But this could be O(N^2) pairs in the worst case.

Better approach:
- Consider the tree after removing all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3
- Actually, let's think of it differently

Let me think about the structure more carefully. The path from u to v must consist of:
- u (degree 2)
- intermediate vertices (all degree 3)
- v (degree 2)

So we're looking for paths that start and end at degree-2 vertices, with all intermediate vertices having degree 3.

One approach:
1. Remove all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3 from consideration
2. In the remaining forest, count paths between degree-2 vertices that don't have any degree-2 vertices in between

Actually, let me think of it as follows:
- Consider the subgraph induced by vertices with degree 2 or 3
- In this subgraph, we want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected by a path where all intermediate vertices have degree 3

But wait, the path in the original tree might go through vertices with degree 1, 4, 5, etc. If it does, then those vertices would be in the cycle but wouldn't have degree 3.

So actually, the path from u to v in the original tree must NOT go through any vertex with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3. And the intermediate vertices must all have degree 3.

Let me reformulate:
- We want pairs (u, v) where both have degree 2
- The path from u to v in the tree consists only of vertices with degree 2 or 3
- The intermediate vertices all have degree 3

Actually, since u and v have degree 2, and intermediate vertices have degree 3, the path consists of vertices with degree 2 or 3, with u and v being the only degree-2 vertices on the path.

So the problem is: count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected by a path consisting only of degree-3 intermediate vertices.

Algorithm:
1. Find all degree-2 vertices
2. For each degree-2 vertex, find all degree-2 vertices reachable via a path of degree-3 vertices
3. Count such pairs (avoiding double counting)

To do this efficiently:
- Remove all vertices with degree 1, 4, 5, ... from the tree
- The remaining forest consists of paths and possibly cycles (but since we started with a tree, there are no cycles)
- Actually, after removing some vertices, the remaining graph might have cycles... no wait, a subtree of a tree is still a tree (or forest)

Hmm, but removing vertices doesn't give a subtree. Let me think again.

Actually, let's think of it differently. Let's consider the tree and mark vertices with degree 2 and degree 3.

For a path from u to v (both degree 2) to satisfy our condition:
- All intermediate vertices must have degree 3
- u and v must not be adjacent (otherwise the graph wouldn't be simple after adding the edge)

Wait, if u and v are adjacent, then the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v), and adding this edge would create a multigraph. So we need u and v to be non-adjacent.

Let me think about the structure:
- Consider the "skeleton" of the tree where we only keep vertices with degree 2 or 3
- But we need to be careful about connectivity

Actually, let me think about it from the perspective of degree-3 vertices:
- A degree-3 vertex has 3 neighbors
- If it's on the path from u to v, it uses 2 of its edges for the path, and 1 edge goes "outside" the path
- The edge going outside must connect to a subtree that doesn't contain any degree-2 vertex (otherwise that degree-2 vertex would be on the path)

Wait, that's not quite right either. Let me think more carefully.

When we have a path from u to v, the intermediate vertices use 2 of their edges for the path. For a degree-3 vertex, the remaining edge goes to some subtree. If that subtree contains a degree-2 vertex, it doesn't affect our path.

So the condition is simply:
- u has degree 2
- v has degree 2
- All intermediate vertices on the path have degree 3
- u and v are not adjacent

Let me think about how to count this efficiently.

Idea: 
- Consider the tree as a rooted tree
- For each vertex, compute the number of degree-2 vertices in its subtree
- For each pair of degree-2 vertices, check if the path between them consists only of degree-3 intermediate vertices

But this is still O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better idea:
- The path from u to v passes through their LCA (lowest common ancestor)
- We can decompose the problem based on the structure of degree-3 vertices

Actually, let me think about this problem differently.

Consider the tree where we only keep vertices with degree 2 or 3. But when we remove a vertex, we need to handle the edges properly.

Hmm, let's try a different approach. Let's think about the "chains" of degree-3 vertices.

A chain of degree-3 vertices is a maximal path where all intermediate vertices have degree 3, and the endpoints have degree ≠ 3 (or are leaves of the tree).

Wait, but degree-3 vertices have 3 edges, so they can't form a simple chain in the usual sense.

Let me reconsider. In the tree, a degree-3 vertex has 3 neighbors. If it's on a path from u to v, it uses 2 of its edges for the path, and 1 edge goes to a subtree.

So the structure is:
- u (degree 2) is connected to some vertex w1 (which could be degree 2 or 3)
- If w1 has degree 3, then w1 is on the path, and it's connected to w2
- And so on until we reach v (degree 2)

The key insight is: the path from u to v must not go through any vertex with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3.

So let's consider the tree after removing all vertices with degree 1, 4, 5, etc. But we need to be careful about how to handle this.

Actually, let me think about it as follows:
- Remove all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3 from the tree
- When we remove a vertex, we also remove its edges
- The remaining graph is a forest (since it's a subgraph of a tree)
- In this forest, we want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are in the same tree

Wait, but this isn't quite right either. When we remove a vertex, the remaining vertices might not be connected in the same way.

Let me try yet another approach.

Approach using centroid decomposition or similar:

For each vertex with degree 2, we want to find all other degree-2 vertices that are reachable via a path of degree-3 vertices.

We can do this with a BFS/DFS from each degree-2 vertex, only traversing through degree-3 vertices.

But this could be O(N^2) in the worst case.

Optimization:
- Use the structure of the tree
- Group degree-2 vertices by the "segment" of degree-3 vertices they're connected to

Actually, I think the key observation is:

Consider the tree where we "contract" all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3. More precisely, we remove these vertices and see how the remaining vertices are connected.

When we remove a vertex v with degree d (where d ≠ 2 and d ≠ 3), we're essentially cutting the tree into d subtrees (if v is not a leaf) or 1 subtree (if v is a leaf).

After removing all such vertices, the remaining graph consists of connected components. Each connected component is a tree (subgraph of a tree).

In each connected component, we have vertices with degree 2 and degree 3. We want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices in the same component.

But wait, the degree in the remaining graph is not the same as the degree in the original tree. Let me reconsider.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

Actually, I think the key is:
- The path from u to v in the original tree must not go through any vertex with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3.
- So we're looking for pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected in the graph where we only keep vertices with degree 2 or 3.

But when we remove vertices, the connectivity changes. Let me think about this differently.

Let's define a new graph G' where:
- Vertices are vertices with degree 2 or 3 in the original tree
- Two vertices are connected in G' if they are connected in the original tree via a path that only goes through vertices with degree 2 or 3

In G', we want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected.

To compute G', we can:
1. Start with all vertices with degree 2 or 3
2. For each such vertex, find its neighbors that also have degree 2 or 3
3. These are the edges in G'

Wait, but this doesn't capture the "path" aspect correctly. Two vertices might be connected via a path of degree-2/3 vertices even if they're not adjacent.

Let me reconsider. In the original tree, the path from u to v is unique. If this path only goes through vertices with degree 2 or 3, then u and v are "compatible" (i.e., adding the edge (u, v) would create a valid cycle).

So we need to find pairs of degree-2 vertices such that the unique path between them only goes through vertices with degree 2 or 3.

Now, the question is: how do we count this efficiently?

Idea: 
- Remove all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3 from the tree
- When we remove a vertex, we "cut" the tree at that vertex
- The remaining graph is a forest
- In each tree of the forest, count pairs of degree-2 vertices

But the issue is: when we remove a vertex, we need to properly handle the edges. If we remove vertex v with neighbors a, b, c, then a, b, c are no longer connected through v.

So after removing all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3, we get a forest where:
- Vertices are vertices with degree 2 or 3
- Two vertices are connected if they were connected in the original tree via a path that only goes through vertices with degree 2 or 3

In this forest, we want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices.

Algorithm:
1. Build the forest F by removing all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3
2. For each tree T in F, count the number of degree-2 vertices, say k
3. The number of pairs is C(k, 2) = k * (k - 1) / 2
4. Sum this over all trees

Wait, but we also need to make sure that u and v are not adjacent in the original tree. If two degree-2 vertices are adjacent in the original tree, then adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph.

So we need to subtract the number of pairs of adjacent degree-2 vertices.

Actually, wait. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, then the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v), and the cycle would be u-v-u, which has length 2. But a cycle of length 2 in a simple graph is not possible (it would require two edges between u and v).

Hmm, but actually, if u and v are adjacent, then adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph (two edges between u and v), which violates the "simple graph" condition.

So we need to exclude pairs of adjacent degree-2 vertices.

Let me revise the algorithm:
1. Build the forest F by removing all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and ≠ 3
2. For each tree T in F, count the number of degree-2 vertices, say k
3. The number of pairs is C(k, 2) = k * (k - 1) / 2
4. Subtract the number of pairs of adjacent degree-2 vertices
5. Sum this over all trees

Wait, but if two degree-2 vertices are adjacent, they would be in the same tree in the forest F. So I need to be more careful.

Actually, let me reconsider. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, then:
- The path from u to v in the original tree is just the edge (u, v)
- Adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph
- So this pair should not be counted

In the forest F, if u and v are adjacent (both degree-2), they would be connected by an edge. So in the tree T containing them, we'd count the pair (u, v), but we shouldn't.

So the revised algorithm:
1. Build the forest F
2. For each tree T in F:
   a. Count the number of degree-2 vertices, say k
   b. Count the number of edges between degree-2 vertices, say e
   c. The number of valid pairs is C(k, 2) - e
3. Sum over all trees

Let me verify with example 1:
Tree:
```
1-2-3-4-5
    |
    6
```
Degrees: 1→1, 2→2, 3→3, 4→2, 5→1, 6→1

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 2, 3, 4
Forest F: 2-3-4 (a path)

In this tree:
- Degree-2 vertices: 2, 4 (k = 2)
- Edges between degree-2 vertices: 0 (e = 0)
- Valid pairs: C(2, 2) - 0 = 1

Answer: 1 ✓

Let me verify with example 2:
Tree:
1-2, 2-7, 7-3, 3-5, 2-6, 7-4

Degrees:
1→1, 2→3, 3→2, 4→1, 5→1, 6→1, 7→3

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 2, 3, 7
Forest F: 2-7-3 (a path)

In this tree:
- Degree-2 vertices: 3 (k = 1)
- Valid pairs: C(1, 2) = 0

Answer: 0 ✓

Great, the algorithm seems correct!

Now, let me think about the implementation.

To build the forest F:
1. Compute degrees of all vertices
2. Identify vertices with degree 2 or 3
3. For each such vertex, find its neighbors that also have degree 2 or 3
4. Build the forest using these edges

Then, for each tree in the forest:
1. Count degree-2 vertices
2. Count edges between degree-2 vertices
3. Compute C(k, 2) - e

To find connected components in the forest, we can use Union-Find or DFS/BFS.

Let me code this up:

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = {}
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = set()
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        if degree[v] in (2, 3):
            valid.add(v)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components using BFS
    visited = set()
    components = []
    for v in valid:
        if v not in visited:
            component = []
            queue = deque([v])
            visited.add(v)
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w not in visited:
                        visited.add(w)
                        queue.append(w)
            components.append(component)
    
    # Count valid pairs
    ans = 0
    for component in components:
        k = sum(1 for v in component if degree[v] == 2)  # Number of degree-2 vertices
        e = 0  # Number of edges between degree-2 vertices
        for v in component:
            if degree[v] == 2:
                for u in F_adj[v]:
                    if degree[u] == 2 and u > v:  # Avoid double counting
                        e += 1
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2 - e
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I think there's an issue. Let me reconsider the problem.

When we add an edge (u, v), the cycle consists of the path from u to v plus the new edge. For all vertices in the cycle to have degree 3:
- u must have degree 2 in the original tree (so it becomes degree 3 after adding the edge)
- v must have degree 2 in the original tree
- All intermediate vertices on the path must have degree 3 in the original tree

But wait, I need to double-check: do the intermediate vertices on the path have degree 3 in the original tree, or in the final graph?

In the original tree, the intermediate vertices are on the path, so they use 2 of their edges for the path. If they have degree 3 in the original tree, then 1 edge goes outside the path, and their degree in the final graph is still 3.

So yes, the intermediate vertices must have degree 3 in the original tree.

But I realized another issue: the intermediate vertices on the path from u to v are all vertices on the path except u and v. If u and v are not adjacent, there's at least one intermediate vertex.

Wait, what if u and v are not adjacent and the path from u to v has no intermediate vertices? That's not possible; if u and v are not adjacent, the path has at least one intermediate vertex.

Actually, wait. If u and v are not adjacent, the path from u to v has at least one intermediate vertex. If the path has exactly one intermediate vertex w, then:
- u has degree 2 in the original tree
- v has degree 2 in the original tree
- w has degree 3 in the original tree (it's on the path from u to v, and it has edges to u and v, plus one more edge)

Hmm, but what if w has degree 2 in the original tree? Then w would have degree 2 in the final graph, which doesn't satisfy the condition.

Oh wait, I think I misunderstood the problem. Let me re-read it.

"All vertices in the cycle have degree 3."

So all vertices in the cycle must have degree 3 in the final graph. The cycle consists of the path from u to v plus the new edge.

- u is in the cycle, so u must have degree 3 in the final graph. Since u gains 1 degree from the new edge, u must have degree 2 in the original tree.
- v is in the cycle, so v must have degree 3 in the final graph. Since v gains 1 degree from the new edge, v must have degree 2 in the original tree.
- All intermediate vertices on the path are in the cycle, so they must have degree 3 in the final graph. Since they don't gain any degree from the new edge, they must have degree 3 in the original tree.

So my understanding is correct.

Now, let me also verify: if the path from u to v has no intermediate vertices (i.e., u and v are adjacent), then the cycle is just u-v-u (with the new edge), which is a cycle of length 2. But in a simple graph, we can't have a cycle of length 2. Also, adding the edge (u, v) when u and v are already adjacent would create a multigraph.

So we need u and v to be non-adjacent, which means the path from u to v has at least one intermediate vertex.

But wait, if the path has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices must have degree 3, then we're good.

But what if there are no intermediate vertices with degree 3? That would mean the path from u to v is just u-v (they're adjacent), which we've already excluded.

Hmm, but what if the path from u to v has intermediate vertices, but none of them have degree 3? For example, if all intermediate vertices have degree 2?

In that case, those intermediate vertices would have degree 2 in the final graph, which doesn't satisfy the condition.

So the condition is: all intermediate vertices on the path from u to v must have degree 3 in the original tree.

This is what I had before. Let me re-verify my algorithm.

Actually, I realize my algorithm might have an issue. Let me reconsider.

The path from u to v in the original tree is unique. For this path to satisfy our condition:
- u has degree 2
- v has degree 2
- All intermediate vertices have degree 3

So the path consists of u, some intermediate vertices (all degree 3), and v.

Now, consider the forest F where we only keep vertices with degree 2 or 3. In this forest, u and v are connected if and only if the path from u to v in the original tree only goes through vertices with degree 2 or 3.

But wait, the path might go through other degree-2 vertices! If the path goes through another degree-2 vertex w, then w would be in the cycle, and w would have degree 2 in the final graph, which doesn't satisfy the condition.

So we need: the path from u to v only goes through vertices with degree 3 (except for u and v which have degree 2).

This means: in the forest F, u and v must be in the same connected component, and there's no other degree-2 vertex on the path from u to v in F.

Hmm, this is more restrictive than what I had before.

Let me reconsider the algorithm.

In the forest F, consider a connected component. This component is a tree. In this tree, we want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices such that the path between them doesn't go through any other degree-2 vertex.

This is equivalent to: in the tree, consider the "skeleton" where we only keep degree-2 vertices and the paths between them. We want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are directly connected by a path of degree-3 vertices (no other degree-2 vertex in between).

Wait, I think I need to reconsider the structure more carefully.

Let's think about it this way:
- In the forest F, consider a connected component (which is a tree)
- In this tree, we have vertices with degree 2 (in the original tree) and vertices with degree 3 (in the original tree)
- We want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices such that the path between them only goes through degree-3 vertices

This is equivalent to: in the tree, contract all degree-3 vertices. The resulting graph has only degree-2 vertices, and two degree-2 vertices are connected if they were connected by a path of degree-3 vertices.

Actually, let me think about this differently. In the tree (connected component of F), consider the degree-2 vertices as "special" vertices. We want to count pairs of special vertices that are connected by a path that doesn't go through any other special vertex.

This is equivalent to: in the tree, remove all special vertices. The remaining forest has some connected components. Each connected component is a tree of degree-3 vertices. Two special vertices u and v are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices if and only if they are both adjacent to the same connected component of degree-3 vertices.

Wait, that's not quite right either. Let me think more carefully.

In the tree (connected component of F), consider the paths between degree-2 vertices. If the path from u to v goes through another degree-2 vertex w, then w is on the cycle, and w has degree 2, which doesn't satisfy the condition.

So we want pairs of degree-2 vertices such that the path between them doesn't go through any other degree-2 vertex.

One way to think about this:
- In the tree, consider the "blocks" of degree-3 vertices separated by degree-2 vertices
- Each block is a maximal connected subgraph consisting only of degree-3 vertices
- Two degree-2 vertices u and v are in the same block if they are both adjacent to the same block

Wait, I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me think about it differently.

In the tree (connected component of F), consider the degree-2 vertices. For each pair of degree-2 vertices, the path between them might go through other degree-2 vertices. We want to count pairs where the path doesn't go through any other degree-2 vertex.

This is equivalent to: in the tree, consider the degree-2 vertices as "terminals". We want to count pairs of terminals that are "adjacent" in the sense that there's no other terminal on the path between them.

One way to compute this:
- For each degree-2 vertex u, find the nearest degree-2 vertices in each direction
- Count the pairs

But this could be O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better approach:
- In the tree, consider the "skeleton" where we contract paths of degree-3 vertices into single edges
- The resulting graph is a tree where all vertices are degree-2 vertices
- Wait, that's not right either, because degree-2 vertices in the original tree might have degree > 2 in the skeleton

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

Actually, I think the key insight is:
- In the tree (connected component of F), consider the degree-2 vertices
- Two degree-2 vertices u and v are "compatible" if the path between them only goes through degree-3 vertices
- This is equivalent to: u and v are adjacent in the "skeleton" graph where we contract paths of degree-3 vertices

Let me define the skeleton graph:
- Vertices are degree-2 vertices
- Two vertices u and v are connected by an edge if the path from u to v in the original tree only goes through degree-3 vertices

In this skeleton graph, we want to count the number of edges.

But wait, I also need to make sure that u and v are not adjacent in the original tree. If u and v are adjacent (both degree-2), then the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v), and there are no intermediate vertices. In this case, adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph.

So in the skeleton graph, we should not count edges where u and v are adjacent in the original tree.

Hmm, but if u and v are adjacent (both degree-2), then the path from u to v has no intermediate vertices, so there are no degree-3 vertices on the path. In this case, u and v would be connected by an edge in the skeleton graph.

So we need to exclude such edges from our count.

Let me revise:
1. Build the forest F (only vertices with degree 2 or 3)
2. For each connected component (tree) in F, build the skeleton graph
3. Count edges in the skeleton graph, excluding edges where the two vertices are adjacent in the original tree

Wait, but if two degree-2 vertices are adjacent in the original tree, they are also adjacent in F. So in the skeleton graph, they would be connected by an edge.

But actually, if u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, the path from u to v has no intermediate vertices. So the "path of degree-3 vertices" is empty. Should this be considered as a valid edge in the skeleton graph?

I think the answer is no, because:
1. The path from u to v has no intermediate vertices, so there's no degree-3 vertex on the path.
2. Adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph.

So we should exclude such pairs.

Let me reconsider the skeleton graph. Two degree-2 vertices u and v are connected by an edge in the skeleton graph if:
1. The path from u to v in the original tree only goes through degree-3 vertices (as intermediate vertices)
2. The path has at least one intermediate vertex (i.e., u and v are not adjacent)

Condition 2 is equivalent to: u and v are not adjacent in the original tree.

So the skeleton graph has an edge between u and v if and only if:
1. The path from u to v only goes through degree-2 and degree-3 vertices
2. All intermediate vertices on the path have degree 3
3. u and v are not adjacent

Conditions 1 and 2 together mean: the path from u to v only goes through degree-3 vertices (except for u and v which have degree 2).

Condition 3 means: there's at least one intermediate vertex, which is automatically satisfied if conditions 1 and 2 hold and the path is not just the edge (u, v).

Wait, but if u and v are adjacent, the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v), and there are no intermediate vertices. So conditions 1 and 2 are trivially satisfied (vacuously true). But condition 3 is not satisfied.

So the skeleton graph has an edge between u and v if and only if:
- The path from u to v in the original tree only goes through degree-3 vertices (as intermediate vertices)
- u and v are not adjacent in the original tree

And the answer is the number of edges in the skeleton graph.

Now, how do we compute this efficiently?

Approach:
1. Build the forest F
2. For each connected component (tree) in F, compute the skeleton graph
3. Count edges in the skeleton graph

To compute the skeleton graph for a tree:
- The tree has some degree-2 vertices and some degree-3 vertices
- We want to find pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices

One way to do this:
- Consider the tree rooted at some vertex
- For each degree-2 vertex, find all degree-2 vertices that are reachable via a path of degree-3 vertices

But this could be O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better approach:
- In the tree, consider the degree-3 vertices as "internal" vertices and degree-2 vertices as "leaf" vertices (in the skeleton)
- The skeleton graph is formed by contracting paths of degree-3 vertices

Wait, I think the skeleton graph is actually a tree (or forest) where:
- Vertices are degree-2 vertices
- Two vertices are connected if they are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices in the original tree

But this might not be a tree. For example, if we have degree-2 vertices u, v, w and paths of degree-3 vertices from u to v, v to w, and u to w, then the skeleton graph has a cycle.

Hmm, but in a tree, there's only one path between any two vertices. So if u, v, w are degree-2 vertices, and the paths between them only go through degree-3 vertices, then the skeleton graph would have edges (u, v), (v, w), and (u, w), forming a triangle.

But wait, in a tree, the path from u to w must go through v (if v is on the path from u to w). So if the path from u to w only goes through degree-3 vertices, then v (which is on the path) must have degree 3. But v has degree 2, which is a contradiction.

So the skeleton graph is actually a forest (no cycles). Let me verify this.

Claim: The skeleton graph is a forest.

Proof: Suppose the skeleton graph has a cycle u1-u2-...-uk-u1. Then there are paths of degree-3 vertices from u1 to u2, u2 to u3, ..., uk to u1. But in the original tree, there's only one path from u1 to u3, and this path must go through u2 (since u2 is on the path from u1 to u2 and also on the path from u2 to u3). But u2 has degree 2, so the path from u1 to u3 goes through a degree-2 vertex (u2), which means u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph. But if the skeleton graph has a cycle, then u1 and u3 might be connected (e.g., through the edge u1-uk-...-u3).

Hmm, I think I need to be more careful. Let me reconsider.

In the original tree, there's a unique path between any two vertices. For two degree-2 vertices u and v to be connected in the skeleton graph, the path from u to v must only go through degree-3 vertices (as intermediate vertices).

Now, suppose u1, u2, u3 are degree-2 vertices, and the paths from u1 to u2 and u2 to u3 only go through degree-3 vertices. What about the path from u1 to u3?

In the original tree, the path from u1 to u3 might or might not go through u2. If it does go through u2, then u2 is an intermediate vertex with degree 2, so u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph. If it doesn't go through u2, then the path from u1 to u3 might or might not only go through degree-3 vertices.

So the skeleton graph can have cycles. For example:
- u1, u2, u3 are degree-2 vertices
- The paths from u1 to u2, u2 to u3, and u1 to u3 all only go through degree-3 vertices
- But the paths don't share any intermediate vertices

This is possible if the original tree has a structure like:
```
u1 - (path of degree-3 vertices) - u2
|                                   |
(path of degree-3 vertices)   (path of degree-3 vertices)
|                                   |
+-------- u3 ----------------------+
```

Wait, but this would create a cycle in the original tree, which is not possible since it's a tree.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully. In a tree, there's only one path between any two vertices. So if u1, u2, u3 are degree-2 vertices, the paths between them are unique.

The path from u1 to u3 must intersect the paths from u1 to u2 and u2 to u3 at some point. In fact, the path from u1 to u3 is the "union" of the paths from u1 to u2 and u2 to u3, minus the "overlap".

If u2 is on the path from u1 to u3, then the path from u1 to u3 goes through u2, and since u2 has degree 2, u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph.

If u2 is not on the path from u1 to u3, then... wait, this is not possible in a tree. If u1, u2, u3 are distinct vertices in a tree, then one of them must be on the path between the other two.

So the skeleton graph is indeed a forest (no cycles). Let me re-verify.

Suppose u1, u2, u3 are degree-2 vertices, and u2 is on the path from u1 to u3. Then the path from u1 to u3 goes through u2, and since u2 has degree 2, u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph.

On the other hand, if u1 and u2 are connected in the skeleton graph, and u2 and u3 are connected in the skeleton graph, then u2 is on the path from u1 to u3 (since u2 is on the path from u1 to u2 and also on the path from u2 to u3). So u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph.

This means the skeleton graph cannot have a triangle u1-u2-u3-u1. More generally, the skeleton graph cannot have any cycle.

So the skeleton graph is a forest.

Now, to count the number of edges in the skeleton graph, we can:
1. Build the forest F
2. For each connected component (tree) in F, compute the skeleton graph
3. Count edges in the skeleton graph

To compute the skeleton graph for a tree T in F:
- T has some degree-2 vertices and some degree-3 vertices
- We want to find pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices

One approach:
- Remove all degree-2 vertices from T
- The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
- For each such tree, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to it (in T)
- The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by this tree is C(k, 2) where k is the number of adjacent degree-2 vertices

Wait, but we also need to exclude pairs where the degree-2 vertices are adjacent in the original tree.

Hmm, let me reconsider. If two degree-2 vertices u and v are adjacent in the original tree, then:
- In the forest F, u and v are also adjacent
- The path from u to v in T is just the edge (u, v)
- There are no intermediate vertices, so the path trivially only goes through degree-3 vertices (vacuously true)
- But we need to exclude this pair because adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph

So in the skeleton graph, we should not include edges where the two degree-2 vertices are adjacent in the original tree.

Let me revise the approach:
1. Build the forest F
2. For each connected component (tree) in F:
   a. Remove all degree-2 vertices
   b. The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
   c. For each such tree, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to it (in T)
   d. The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by this tree is C(k, 2)
3. Subtract the number of pairs of adjacent degree-2 vertices in the original tree

Wait, but step 3 might over-subtract. Let me think about this more carefully.

If two degree-2 vertices u and v are adjacent in the original tree, then:
- In the forest F, u and v are also adjacent
- When we remove degree-2 vertices from T, u and v are removed
- The edge (u, v) is also removed
- So the tree of degree-3 vertices that u and v are adjacent to doesn't include the edge (u, v)

Hmm, I think the issue is that when two degree-2 vertices are adjacent, they are connected to the same "tree of degree-3 vertices" (possibly an empty tree). In this case, we should count them as a pair, but then subtract 1 for the edge (u, v).

Actually, let me reconsider the structure. When we remove degree-2 vertices from T:
- Some edges are removed (edges between degree-2 vertices and degree-3 vertices, and edges between two degree-2 vertices)
- The remaining edges are between degree-3 vertices
- The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices

For each tree of degree-3 vertices, the degree-2 vertices adjacent to it (in T) form a "cluster". Any two degree-2 vertices in the same cluster are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices in T.

But wait, if two degree-2 vertices u and v are adjacent in T, they are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices (the empty path). So they should be in the same cluster. But we need to exclude this pair.

Hmm, I think the issue is that when u and v are adjacent, they are connected by an empty path of degree-3 vertices, not by a non-empty path. So we should only count pairs where the path of degree-3 vertices is non-empty.

Let me re-define the skeleton graph:
- Vertices are degree-2 vertices
- Two vertices u and v are connected by an edge if the path from u to v in T has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices have degree 3

This is equivalent to: u and v are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices, and the path has at least one vertex (i.e., u and v are not adjacent).

Now, to compute the number of edges in the skeleton graph:
1. Remove all degree-2 vertices from T
2. The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
3. For each such tree S, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to S (in T), say k
4. The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by S is C(k, 2)

This is because any two degree-2 vertices adjacent to the same tree S are connected by a path that goes through S, and this path has at least one intermediate vertex (since S is non-empty).

But wait, what if two degree-2 vertices u and v are adjacent in T, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S? In this case, u and v would be counted as a pair in step 4, but they should not be (since they are adjacent).

Hmm, let me think about this. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S, then:
- u is adjacent to some degree-3 vertex in S (let's call it a)
- v is adjacent to some degree-3 vertex in S (let's call it b)
- u and v are also adjacent

But wait, in the original tree, u has degree 2. So u has exactly 2 neighbors. If u is adjacent to v and also adjacent to a, then u's neighbors are v and a. Similarly, v's neighbors are u and b.

So u is adjacent to a (in S) and v (a degree-2 vertex). v is adjacent to b (in S) and u (a degree-2 vertex).

Now, the path from u to v in T is just the edge (u, v). The path from u to v that goes through S is u-a-...-b-v. This path has intermediate vertices (the vertices in S on the path from a to b, plus a and b themselves).

So u and v are connected by two paths in T:
1. The direct edge (u, v)
2. The path u-a-...-b-v through S

But wait, in a tree, there's only one path between any two vertices. So the path from u to v is unique, and it's either the direct edge or the path through S.

If u and v are adjacent, then the path from u to v is the direct edge (u, v). The path u-a-...-b-v through S is not the path from u to v; it's a different path that also connects u and v, but it's not the unique path in the tree.

Wait, I'm confusing myself. In a tree, there's only one path between any two vertices. If u and v are adjacent, then the path from u to v is the direct edge (u, v). There's no other path.

But I was thinking about the path u-a-...-b-v. This would be a second path from u to v, which is not possible in a tree.

Let me reconsider. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S, then:
- u is adjacent to v and some vertex a in S
- v is adjacent to u and some vertex b in S

But wait, u has degree 2 in the original tree, so u has exactly 2 neighbors in the original tree. If u is adjacent to v and a, then u's neighbors are v and a.

But in the forest F, we only keep vertices with degree 2 or 3. If a has degree 3 in the original tree, then a is in F. If a has degree 2 in the original tree, then a is also in F.

Hmm, I think I need to be more careful about the structure.

Let me re-read the problem and my algorithm.

OK so my algorithm is:
1. Build the forest F by only keeping vertices with degree 2 or 3 in the original tree
2. For each connected component (tree) in F, compute the skeleton graph
3. Count edges in the skeleton graph

The skeleton graph for a tree T in F:
- Vertices are degree-2 vertices in T
- Two vertices u and v are connected by an edge if the path from u to v in T has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices have degree 3

Now, I claimed that the skeleton graph is a forest. Let me re-verify this.

In T, there's only one path between any two vertices. For two degree-2 vertices u and v to be connected in the skeleton graph, the path from u to v in T must have at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices must have degree 3.

Suppose u1, u2, u3 are degree-2 vertices in T, and u1-u2 and u2-u3 are edges in the skeleton graph. This means:
- The path from u1 to u2 in T has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices have degree 3
- The path from u2 to u3 in T has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices have degree 3

Now, what about the path from u1 to u3 in T? Since u2 is on the path from u1 to u2 and also on the path from u2 to u3, u2 must be on the path from u1 to u3 (in a tree, one of any three vertices is on the path between the other two). So the path from u1 to u3 goes through u2, which has degree 2. Therefore, u1 and u3 should not be connected in the skeleton graph.

This confirms that the skeleton graph is a forest (no cycles).

Now, to compute the number of edges in the skeleton graph:
1. Remove all degree-2 vertices from T
2. The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
3. For each such tree S, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to S (in T), say k
4. The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by S is C(k, 2)

But wait, I need to check: if two degree-2 vertices are adjacent in T, are they adjacent to the same tree S?

If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices in T, then:
- In T, u and v are connected by the edge (u, v)
- When we remove degree-2 vertices from T, u and v are removed, and the edge (u, v) is also removed
- u and v might be adjacent to the same tree S, or they might be adjacent to different trees

Let me think about this more carefully. In T, u has some neighbors. Since u has degree 2 in the original tree, u has exactly 2 neighbors in the original tree. But in T (which is a subgraph of the original tree), u might have fewer neighbors.

Wait, T is a connected component in F, which is the graph obtained by only keeping vertices with degree 2 or 3. So in T, u's neighbors are the neighbors of u in the original tree that also have degree 2 or 3.

If u has degree 2 in the original tree, then u has exactly 2 neighbors in the original tree. These neighbors might or might not have degree 2 or 3.

Case 1: Both neighbors of u have degree 2 or 3. Then u has 2 neighbors in T.
Case 2: One neighbor of u has degree 2 or 3, and the other doesn't. Then u has 1 neighbor in T.
Case 3: Neither neighbor of u has degree 2 or 3. Then u has 0 neighbors in T, which means u is an isolated vertex in F.

Hmm, but if u has 0 neighbors in T, then u is an isolated vertex, and it can't be part of any pair.

OK let me reconsider the structure.

In the forest F:
- Vertices are vertices with degree 2 or 3 in the original tree
- Two vertices are connected by an edge if they are adjacent in the original tree and both have degree 2 or 3

So in F, a vertex u with degree 2 in the original tree has at most 2 neighbors (the neighbors of u in the original tree that also have degree 2 or 3).

Now, for the skeleton graph:
- Vertices are degree-2 vertices in F
- Two vertices u and v are connected by an edge if the path from u to v in F has at least one intermediate vertex, and all intermediate vertices have degree 3

Let me re-examine the structure of F. In F, we have vertices with degree 2 (in the original tree) and vertices with degree 3 (in the original tree). The edges in F are between vertices that are adjacent in the original tree.

Now, consider a degree-2 vertex u in F. u has 2 neighbors in the original tree. These neighbors might or might not be in F (i.e., they might or might not have degree 2 or 3).

If both neighbors of u are in F, then u has 2 neighbors in F.
If one neighbor of u is in F, then u has 1 neighbor in F.
If neither neighbor of u is in F, then u has 0 neighbors in F (u is isolated).

For a degree-3 vertex v in F, v has 3 neighbors in the original tree. Similarly, v has between 0 and 3 neighbors in F.

Now, for the skeleton graph, I want to count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices in F.

Let me re-examine my algorithm:
1. Remove all degree-2 vertices from F
2. The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
3. For each such tree S, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to S (in F), say k
4. The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by S is C(k, 2)

But I need to be careful: if two degree-2 vertices u and v are adjacent in F, they are connected by the edge (u, v), not by a path of degree-3 vertices. So they should not be counted as a pair in the skeleton graph.

But in my algorithm, if u and v are adjacent in F and both are adjacent to the same tree S, they would be counted as a pair. This is incorrect.

Let me think about how to handle this.

If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices in F, then:
- The path from u to v in F is the direct edge (u, v)
- This path has no intermediate vertices, so it doesn't satisfy the condition for the skeleton graph
- But u and v might also be connected by a path through S (if they are both adjacent to S)

Wait, but in a tree (which F is a forest of), there's only one path between any two vertices. So if u and v are adjacent, the path from u to v is the direct edge (u, v), and there's no other path.

So if u and v are adjacent in F, they are not connected by a path of degree-3 vertices. Therefore, they should not be counted as a pair in the skeleton graph.

But in my algorithm, I'm counting pairs of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to the same tree S. If u and v are both adjacent to S, they are connected by a path through S (in F). But if u and v are also adjacent (in F), then there are two paths from u to v, which is not possible in a tree.

So the issue is: if u and v are adjacent in F, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S (because that would create two paths from u to v).

Wait, let me reconsider. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices in F, then:
- u is adjacent to v and possibly some degree-3 vertices
- v is adjacent to u and possibly some degree-3 vertices

If u is adjacent to a degree-3 vertex a, and v is adjacent to a degree-3 vertex b, then there's a path from u to v through a and b (and possibly other degree-3 vertices). But there's also the direct edge (u, v). This would create two paths from u to v, which is not possible in a tree.

So if u and v are adjacent in F, they can't both be adjacent to degree-3 vertices that are in the same connected component (after removing degree-2 vertices).

Hmm, but wait. If u and v are adjacent, and u is adjacent to a degree-3 vertex a, then the path from u to a is u-a. The path from v to a is v-u-a. These are different paths, which is fine.

But the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v). There's no path from u to v through a (because that would be u-a-...-v, but a is only adjacent to u and possibly other degree-3 vertices, not v).

Wait, I think I was confusing myself. Let me re-examine.

If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices in F, and u is adjacent to a degree-3 vertex a, then:
- u's neighbors in F are v and a
- The path from u to v is the edge (u, v)
- The path from u to a is the edge (u, a)
- The path from v to a is v-u-a

So u and v are adjacent, and u is also adjacent to a. But u and v are not both adjacent to the same tree S (where a is in S), because v is not adjacent to a (v is adjacent to u, and u is adjacent to a, but v is not directly adjacent to a).

Wait, but v might be adjacent to some other degree-3 vertex b. Let's say v is adjacent to b. Then:
- v's neighbors in F are u and b
- The path from v to b is the edge (v, b)

Now, are a and b in the same tree S (after removing degree-2 vertices)? If they are, then u and v are both adjacent to S, and they would be counted as a pair in my algorithm.

But wait, if a and b are in the same tree S, then there's a path from a to b through S. This means there's a path from u to v through S: u-a-...-b-v. But there's also the direct edge (u, v). This would create two paths from u to v, which is not possible in a tree.

So if u and v are adjacent in F, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S. Therefore, my algorithm is correct: I count pairs of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to the same tree S, and these pairs are exactly the edges in the skeleton graph.

Great, so the algorithm is:
1. Build the forest F by only keeping vertices with degree 2 or 3 in the original tree
2. For each connected component (tree) in F:
   a. Remove all degree-2 vertices
   b. The remaining forest consists of trees of degree-3 vertices
   c. For each such tree S, count the number of degree-2 vertices that are adjacent to S (in F), say k
   d. The number of edges in the skeleton graph contributed by S is C(k, 2)
3. Sum up the contributions from all trees S

Let me verify this with the examples.

Example 1:
Tree:
```
1-2-3-4-5
    |
    6
```
Degrees: 1→1, 2→2, 3→3, 4→2, 5→1, 6→1

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 2, 3, 4
Forest F: 2-3-4 (a path)

Remove degree-2 vertices (2 and 4):
Remaining: 3 (a single vertex, which is a tree of degree-3 vertices)

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to 3: 2 and 4 (k = 2)
Contribution: C(2, 2) = 1

Answer: 1 ✓

Example 2:
Tree:
1-2, 2-7, 7-3, 3-5, 2-6, 7-4

Degrees:
1→1, 2→3, 3→2, 4→1, 5→1, 6→1, 7→3

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 2, 3, 7
Forest F: 2-7-3 (a path, since 2-7 and 7-3 are edges)

Wait, let me re-examine the edges:
1-2, 2-7, 7-3, 3-5, 2-6, 4-7

So the adjacency list is:
1: [2]
2: [1, 7, 6]
3: [7, 5]
4: [7]
5: [3]
6: [2]
7: [2, 3, 4]

Degrees:
1→1, 2→3, 3→2, 4→1, 5→1, 6→1, 7→3

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 2, 3, 7

Forest F:
- 2 is adjacent to 7 (since 2-7 is an edge and both have degree 2 or 3)
- 7 is adjacent to 3 (since 7-3 is an edge and both have degree 2 or 3)

So F is: 2-7-3 (a path)

Remove degree-2 vertices (3):
Remaining: 2-7 (but 2 has degree 3, so it's not removed)

Wait, I think I made an error. Let me re-examine.

Degree-2 vertices in F: 3 (since degree[3] = 2 in the original tree)
Degree-3 vertices in F: 2, 7 (since degree[2] = 3 and degree[7] = 3 in the original tree)

Remove degree-2 vertices (3):
Remaining: 2-7 (a path of degree-3 vertices)

Wait, but 2 and 7 are connected by an edge in F, and both have degree 3. So after removing 3, we have the edge 2-7.

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to the tree {2, 7}: 3 (since 3 is adjacent to 7 in F)
k = 1

Contribution: C(1, 2) = 0

Answer: 0 ✓

Great, the algorithm works for both examples.

Now, let me implement this.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = {}
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = set()
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        if degree[v] in (2, 3):
            valid.add(v)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components in F using BFS
    visited = set()
    ans = 0
    for v in valid:
        if v not in visited:
            # BFS to find the connected component
            component = []
            queue = deque([v])
            visited.add(v)
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w not in visited:
                        visited.add(w)
                        queue.append(w)
            
            # Now, process this component
            # Remove degree-2 vertices and find trees of degree-3 vertices
            degree2_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 2]
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            
            # Build adjacency list for degree-3 vertices only
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            # Find connected components of degree-3 vertices
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    # BFS to find the connected component of degree-3 vertices
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    # Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    k = 0
                    for w in degree2_in_component:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if x in tree3_set:
                                k += 1
                                break
                    
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I think there's an issue. When I count degree-2 vertices adjacent to a tree of degree-3 vertices, I'm iterating over all degree-2 vertices in the component and checking if they're adjacent to the tree. This could be slow if there are many degree-2 vertices.

Let me optimize this. Instead of iterating over all degree-2 vertices, I can directly count the degree-2 vertices adjacent to each tree of degree-3 vertices.

Actually, let me reconsider. A degree-2 vertex u is adjacent to a tree of degree-3 vertices S if u has a neighbor in S. So I can iterate over all vertices in S and count their degree-2 neighbors.

```python
# Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
tree3_set = set(tree3)
k = 0
degree2_adjacent = set()
for w in tree3:
    for x in F_adj[w]:
        if degree[x] == 2:
            degree2_adjacent.add(x)
k = len(degree2_adjacent)

ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
```

This should be more efficient.

Let me also consider the case where a tree of degree-3 vertices is empty. This can happen if all vertices in a connected component of F are degree-2 vertices. In this case, there are no degree-3 vertices, and we can't form any valid pairs (since the path between any two degree-2 vertices would have no intermediate vertices, which means they're adjacent).

Wait, but if all vertices in a connected component of F are degree-2 vertices, then the component is a path (or a single vertex). In this case, any two adjacent degree-2 vertices are connected by an edge, and adding this edge would create a multigraph. So we shouldn't count any pairs.

In my algorithm, if there are no degree-3 vertices in a component, then there are no trees of degree-3 vertices, and no pairs are counted. This is correct.

But wait, what if there are degree-2 vertices that are not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices? For example, if a degree-2 vertex u is adjacent to another degree-2 vertex v, and both are not adjacent to any degree-3 vertex.

In this case, u and v are in the same connected component of F, but they are not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices. So they are not counted as a pair, which is correct (since adding the edge (u, v) would create a multigraph).

OK I think my algorithm is correct. Let me also handle the case where a degree-2 vertex is isolated in F (i.e., it has no neighbors in F). In this case, the degree-2 vertex is not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices, and it's not counted as part of any pair.

Let me also consider the case where a tree of degree-3 vertices is a single vertex. In this case, the tree has one vertex, and the degree-2 vertices adjacent to it are counted. If there are k such degree-2 vertices, the contribution is C(k, 2).

I think my algorithm handles this correctly.

Let me also verify with example 3.

Example 3:
15
1 15
11 14
2 10
1 7
9 8
6 9
4 12
14 5
4 9
8 11
7 4
1 13
3 6
11 10

Let me parse the edges:
1-15, 11-14, 2-10, 1-7, 9-8, 6-9, 4-12, 14-5, 4-9, 8-11, 7-4, 1-13, 3-6, 11-10

Adjacency list:
1: [15, 7, 13]
2: [10]
3: [6]
4: [12, 9, 7]
5: [14]
6: [9, 3]
7: [1, 4]
8: [9, 11]
9: [8, 6, 4]
10: [2, 11]
11: [14, 8, 10]
12: [4]
13: [1]
14: [11, 5]
15: [1]

Degrees:
1→3, 2→1, 3→1, 4→3, 5→1, 6→2, 7→2, 8→2, 9→3, 10→2, 11→3, 12→1, 13→1, 14→2, 15→1

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: 1, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14

Forest F:
- 1 is adjacent to 7 (1-7 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 4 is adjacent to 9 (4-9 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3) and 7 (4-7 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 6 is adjacent to 9 (6-9 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 7 is adjacent to 1 (7-1 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3) and 4 (7-4 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 8 is adjacent to 9 (8-9 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3) and 11 (8-11 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 9 is adjacent to 4 (9-4 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3), 6 (9-6 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3), and 8 (9-8 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 10 is adjacent to 11 (10-11 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 11 is adjacent to 8 (11-8 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3), 10 (11-10 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3), and 14 (11-14 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)
- 14 is adjacent to 11 (14-11 is an edge, both have degree 2 or 3)

So F has one connected component: 1-7-4-9-8-11-10, 9-6, 11-14

Let me draw this:
```
1 - 7 - 4 - 9 - 8 - 11 - 10
            |         |
            6         14
```

Wait, let me re-check. 9 is adjacent to 4, 6, and 8. 11 is adjacent to 8, 10, and 14.

So the component is:
```
1 - 7 - 4 - 9 - 8 - 11 - 10
            |         |
            6         14
```

Degree-2 vertices in F: 6, 7, 8, 10, 14
Degree-3 vertices in F: 1, 4, 9, 11

Remove degree-2 vertices:
Remaining: 1, 4, 9, 11

Edges between degree-3 vertices:
- 1 is adjacent to 7 (degree 2), not to any degree-3 vertex
- 4 is adjacent to 9 (degree 3) and 7 (degree 2)
- 9 is adjacent to 4 (degree 3) and 8 (degree 2) and 6 (degree 2)
- 11 is adjacent to 8 (degree 2) and 10 (degree 2) and 14 (degree 2)

So the edges between degree-3 vertices are: 4-9

Trees of degree-3 vertices:
- {1} (isolated)
- {4, 9} (connected by edge 4-9)
- {11} (isolated)

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {1}: 7
k = 1, contribution = C(1, 2) = 0

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {4, 9}: 7 (adjacent to 4), 8 (adjacent to 9), 6 (adjacent to 9)
k = 3, contribution = C(3, 2) = 3

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {11}: 8 (adjacent to 11), 10 (adjacent to 11), 14 (adjacent to 11)
k = 3, contribution = C(3, 2) = 3

Total: 0 + 3 + 3 = 6

Answer: 6 ✓

Great, the algorithm works for all examples!

Now, let me finalize the code.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = {}
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = set()
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        if degree[v] in (2, 3):
            valid.add(v)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components in F using BFS
    visited = set()
    ans = 0
    for v in valid:
        if v not in visited:
            # BFS to find the connected component
            component = []
            queue = deque([v])
            visited.add(v)
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w not in visited:
                        visited.add(w)
                        queue.append(w)
            
            # Now, process this component
            # Remove degree-2 vertices and find trees of degree-3 vertices
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            
            # Build adjacency list for degree-3 vertices only
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            # Find connected components of degree-3 vertices
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    # BFS to find the connected component of degree-3 vertices
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    # Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    degree2_adjacent = set()
                    for w in tree3:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if degree[x] == 2:
                                degree2_adjacent.add(x)
                    k = len(degree2_adjacent)
                    
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I think there might be an issue with the complexity. Let me analyze:

1. Building the forest F: O(N)
2. Finding connected components in F: O(N)
3. For each component, finding trees of degree-3 vertices: O(N) total
4. For each tree of degree-3 vertices, counting degree-2 vertices: O(sum of degrees) = O(N)

So the total complexity is O(N), which should be efficient enough.

But wait, in step 4, I'm iterating over all vertices in the tree and their neighbors. The sum of degrees in a tree is O(N), so this is O(N) total.

Actually, let me re-examine. For each tree of degree-3 vertices, I iterate over all vertices in the tree and their neighbors in F. The sum of degrees in F is at most the sum of degrees in the original tree, which is O(N). So the total time for step 4 is O(N).

OK the complexity should be fine.

But let me double-check the algorithm once more. I'm concerned about the case where a degree-2 vertex is adjacent to multiple trees of degree-3 vertices.

If a degree-2 vertex u is adjacent to two different trees of degree-3 vertices, S1 and S2, then:
- u is counted as adjacent to S1
- u is also counted as adjacent to S2

But can a degree-2 vertex be adjacent to two different trees of degree-3 vertices? Let me think about this.

A degree-2 vertex u has 2 neighbors in the original tree. If both neighbors are in F (i.e., both have degree 2 or 3), then u has 2 neighbors in F.

If both neighbors of u are degree-3 vertices, then u is adjacent to two degree-3 vertices. These two degree-3 vertices might be in the same tree S (if they are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices) or in different trees.

If the two degree-3 vertices are in different trees, then u is adjacent to two different trees. In this case, u is counted as adjacent to both trees.

But wait, if u is adjacent to two different trees of degree-3 vertices, then u is a "bridge" between the two trees. When we remove degree-2 vertices, the two trees become disconnected.

So in my algorithm, u would be counted as adjacent to both trees. But this is incorrect, because u can only be part of one pair (with another degree-2 vertex adjacent to the same tree).

Hmm, let me reconsider. If u is adjacent to two different trees S1 and S2, then:
- u can form a pair with any degree-2 vertex adjacent to S1
- u can also form a pair with any degree-2 vertex adjacent to S2

So u should be counted as adjacent to both S1 and S2. And the pairs are:
- (u, v) where v is adjacent to S1
- (u, w) where w is adjacent to S2

These are different pairs, so they should be counted separately.

Wait, but in my algorithm, I'm counting C(k, 2) for each tree S, where k is the number of degree-2 vertices adjacent to S. If u is adjacent to both S1 and S2, then u is counted in both k1 and k2.

So the pairs counted for S1 are C(k1, 2), which includes pairs like (u, v) where v is also adjacent to S1.
And the pairs counted for S2 are C(k2, 2), which includes pairs like (u, w) where w is also adjacent to S2.

This seems correct, because (u, v) and (u, w) are different pairs.

But wait, what if v is also adjacent to both S1 and S2? Then (u, v) would be counted twice: once for S1 and once for S2.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully. If u and v are both adjacent to S1 and S2, then:
- The path from u to v through S1 consists of degree-3 vertices in S1
- The path from u to v through S2 consists of degree-3 vertices in S2

But in the original tree, there's only one path from u to v. So either the path goes through S1 or through S2, not both.

Wait, but if u is adjacent to both S1 and S2, and v is also adjacent to both S1 and S2, then there might be two paths from u to v: one through S1 and one through S2. But this would create a cycle in the original tree, which is not possible.

So if u is adjacent to both S1 and S2, and v is also adjacent to both S1 and S2, then u and v must be in the same connected component of F. But S1 and S2 are different connected components of degree-3 vertices (after removing degree-2 vertices), so they are not connected by degree-3 vertices. This means there's no path of degree-3 vertices from S1 to S2.

But u is adjacent to both S1 and S2, so u is a "bridge" between S1 and S2. The path from a vertex in S1 to a vertex in S2 goes through u. But u has degree 2, so the path goes through a degree-2 vertex.

So if u is adjacent to both S1 and S2, then u is a degree-2 vertex that connects S1 and S2. Any path from a degree-2 vertex adjacent to S1 to a degree-2 vertex adjacent to S2 must go through u (or some other degree-2 vertex).

Now, if v is adjacent to S1 and w is adjacent to S2, then:
- The path from v to w goes through u (since u connects S1 and S2)
- The path from v to w has u as an intermediate vertex, and u has degree 2

So v and w should not be counted as a pair (since the path from v to w goes through a degree-2 vertex).

But in my algorithm, v is counted as adjacent to S1, and w is counted as adjacent to S2. They are not in the same tree of degree-3 vertices, so they are not counted as a pair. This is correct!

OK so the algorithm is correct. Let me also consider the case where a degree-2 vertex is adjacent to a degree-2 vertex and a degree-3 vertex.

If u is a degree-2 vertex, and u is adjacent to v (degree-2) and a (degree-3), then:
- u is counted as adjacent to the tree containing a
- v is not counted as adjacent to the same tree (unless v is also adjacent to a vertex in the same tree)

So if v is not adjacent to the tree containing a, then u and v are not counted as a pair. This is correct, because the path from u to v is the direct edge (u, v), and adding this edge would create a multigraph.

But wait, what if v is also adjacent to a vertex b in the same tree as a? Then both u and v are counted as adjacent to the same tree, and they would be counted as a pair.

But the path from u to v in the original tree is the direct edge (u, v), not the path through the tree. So u and v should not be counted as a pair.

Hmm, this is a problem. Let me reconsider.

If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S, then:
- The path from u to v in the original tree is the direct edge (u, v)
- The path from u to v through S is u-a-...-b-v (where a and b are in S)

But in a tree, there's only one path from u to v. So the path through S must be the same as the direct edge, which is not possible.

Wait, I think I'm confusing myself again. Let me re-examine.

In the original tree, there's only one path from u to v. If u and v are adjacent, the path is the direct edge (u, v).

Now, if u is adjacent to a (in S) and v is adjacent to b (in S), then there's a path from u to v through S: u-a-...-b-v. But this is a different path from the direct edge (u, v).

But in a tree, there's only one path from u to v. So if u and v are adjacent, there can't be another path from u to v through S.

This means: if u and v are adjacent, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S (where the tree has at least one vertex).

Wait, but what if S is empty? If S is empty, then there are no degree-3 vertices between u and v. But I'm only considering trees of degree-3 vertices, which are non-empty by definition.

So if u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, they can't both be adjacent to the same non-empty tree of degree-3 vertices. Therefore, my algorithm is correct.

But wait, what if u and v are adjacent, and u is adjacent to a degree-3 vertex a, and v is also adjacent to a? Then a is in some tree S, and both u and v are adjacent to S.

But if u is adjacent to v and a, then u has two neighbors: v and a. And v is adjacent to u and a. But wait, v is adjacent to u and a, so v has at least two neighbors. But v has degree 2, so v has exactly two neighbors: u and a.

Now, in the original tree, u is adjacent to v and a, and v is adjacent to u and a. This means there's an edge between u and v, and an edge between v and a, and an edge between u and a. But this creates a cycle u-v-a-u, which is not possible in a tree.

So if u and v are adjacent, they can't both be adjacent to the same vertex a. Therefore, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S.

Great, so my algorithm is correct!

Actually wait, I realized I need to double-check. If u is adjacent to v and a, and v is adjacent to u and b (where b is a different vertex from a), then:
- u has neighbors v and a
- v has neighbors u and b

If a and b are in the same tree S, then u and v are both adjacent to S. But the path from u to v is the direct edge (u, v), not the path through S.

Hmm, but in my algorithm, u and v would be counted as a pair (since they are both adjacent to S). This is incorrect!

Let me reconsider. If u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S, then:
- The path from u to v in the original tree is the direct edge (u, v)
- This path has no intermediate vertices, so it doesn't satisfy the condition for the skeleton graph

So u and v should not be counted as a pair. But in my algorithm, they would be counted as a pair (since they are both adjacent to S).

This is a bug in my algorithm!

Let me think about how to fix this.

The issue is: if u and v are adjacent degree-2 vertices, they should not be counted as a pair, even if they are both adjacent to the same tree S.

One way to fix this: after counting all pairs, subtract the number of pairs of adjacent degree-2 vertices that are both adjacent to the same tree S.

But this is complicated. Let me think of a different approach.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider whether u and v can both be adjacent to the same tree S if they are adjacent.

If u is adjacent to v and a (where a is in S), then u has neighbors v and a.
If v is adjacent to u and b (where b is in S), then v has neighbors u and b.

Now, in the forest F, u is adjacent to v and a, and v is adjacent to u and b.

If a and b are in the same tree S, then a and b are connected by a path of degree-3 vertices. This path, together with the edges u-a and v-b, forms a path from u to v through S.

But the path from u to v in the original tree is the direct edge (u, v). So there are two paths from u to v: the direct edge and the path through S. This creates a cycle, which is not possible in a tree.

Wait, but F is a subgraph of the original tree. So if there's a path from u to v through S in F, there's also a path from u to v through S in the original tree. And the direct edge (u, v) is also in the original tree. So there are two paths from u to v in the original tree, which creates a cycle. This is not possible.

So if u and v are adjacent in F, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S (where S has at least one vertex).

Wait, but I need to be more careful. The path from u to v through S is u-a-...-b-v. This path uses the edges u-a, the path from a to b through S, and the edge b-v.

In the original tree, the path from u to v is unique. If u and v are adjacent, the path is the direct edge (u, v). But the path u-a-...-b-v is also a path from u to v. This would create two paths from u to v, which is not possible in a tree.

So if u and v are adjacent in the original tree, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S (where S has at least one vertex).

But wait, the path u-a-...-b-v might not be a valid path in the original tree. Let me reconsider.

If u is adjacent to a (in the original tree), and v is adjacent to b (in the original tree), and a and b are connected by a path in S (which is a subgraph of the original tree), then the path u-a-...-b-v is a valid path in the original tree.

So if u and v are adjacent, and they are both adjacent to the same tree S, then there are two paths from u to v: the direct edge (u, v) and the path u-a-...-b-v. This creates a cycle, which is not possible in a tree.

Therefore, if u and v are adjacent in the original tree, they can't both be adjacent to the same tree S (where S has at least one vertex).

Great, so my algorithm is correct! The bug I thought I found doesn't actually exist.

Let me re-verify with an example. Suppose we have a tree:
```
u - v
|   |
a   b
```
where u and v are degree-2 vertices, and a and b are degree-3 vertices.

In this tree:
- u is adjacent to v and a
- v is adjacent to u and b
- a is adjacent to u and possibly other vertices
- b is adjacent to v and possibly other vertices

If a and b are in the same tree S (connected by a path of degree-3 vertices), then there's a path from u to v through S: u-a-...-b-v. But there's also the direct edge (u, v). This creates a cycle, which is not possible in a tree.

So a and b can't be in the same tree S if u and v are adjacent. Therefore, my algorithm is correct.

OK so I think the algorithm is correct. Let me finalize the code.

Actually, I realize I should also handle the case where a degree-2 vertex is isolated in F (i.e., it has no neighbors in F). In this case, the degree-2 vertex is not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices, and it's not counted as part of any pair. This is correct, because the degree-2 vertex can't form a valid pair with any other vertex.

Let me also handle the case where a degree-2 vertex is only adjacent to other degree-2 vertices in F. In this case, the degree-2 vertex is not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices, and it's not counted as part of any pair. This is correct, because the path from this degree-2 vertex to any other degree-2 vertex would go through a degree-2 vertex (or be a direct edge), which doesn't satisfy the condition.

OK I think the algorithm handles all cases correctly. Let me finalize the code.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = {}
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = set()
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        if degree[v] in (2, 3):
            valid.add(v)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components in F using BFS
    visited = set()
    ans = 0
    for start in valid:
        if start not in visited:
            # BFS to find the connected component
            component = []
            queue = deque([start])
            visited.add(start)
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w not in visited:
                        visited.add(w)
                        queue.append(w)
            
            # Now, process this component
            # Remove degree-2 vertices and find trees of degree-3 vertices
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            
            # Build adjacency list for degree-3 vertices only
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            # Find connected components of degree-3 vertices
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    # BFS to find the connected component of degree-3 vertices
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    # Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    degree2_adjacent = set()
                    for w in tree3:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if degree[x] == 2:
                                degree2_adjacent.add(x)
                    k = len(degree2_adjacent)
                    
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I just realized there might be an issue. When I iterate over `valid` to find connected components, the order of iteration might not be deterministic (since `valid` is a set). This could lead to issues if the BFS doesn't cover all vertices.

Actually, the BFS should cover all vertices in the connected component, regardless of the starting vertex. So the order of iteration shouldn't matter.

But let me double-check by sorting the vertices before iterating.

Actually, the issue is that I'm iterating over `valid` to find connected components, but some vertices in `valid` might not be in `F_adj` (if they have no neighbors in F). Let me handle this case.

If a vertex v is in `valid` but not in `F_adj`, then v is an isolated vertex in F. In this case, v is not part of any connected component with more than one vertex, and it can't form a valid pair with any other vertex.

Wait, but in my BFS, I'm adding v to the component even if v has no neighbors. So v would be in a component by itself.

Let me trace through the code:
1. I iterate over `valid` to find connected components.
2. For each vertex v in `valid` that hasn't been visited, I start a BFS from v.
3. The BFS adds v to the component and then explores its neighbors.
4. If v has no neighbors in F, the BFS just adds v to the component and then terminates.

So isolated vertices are handled correctly.

But wait, I also need to handle the case where a degree-2 vertex is isolated. In this case, the degree-2 vertex is not adjacent to any tree of degree-3 vertices, so it's not counted as part of any pair. This is correct.

OK I think the code is correct. Let me test it on the examples.

Example 1:
N = 6
Edges: 1-2, 2-3, 3-4, 4-5, 3-6

Degrees: 1→1, 2→2, 3→3, 4→2, 5→1, 6→1

Valid vertices: 2, 3, 4

F_adj:
2: [3]
3: [2, 4]
4: [3]

Connected component: {2, 3, 4}

Degree-3 vertices in component: {3}

Degree-3 adjacency:
3: [] (no other degree-3 vertices)

Trees of degree-3 vertices: {3}

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {3}: {2, 4}
k = 2, contribution = C(2, 2) = 1

Answer: 1 ✓

Example 2:
N = 7
Edges: 1-2, 2-7, 7-3, 3-5, 6-2, 4-7

Degrees: 1→1, 2→3, 3→2, 4→1, 5→1, 6→1, 7→3

Valid vertices: 2, 3, 7

F_adj:
2: [7]
3: [7]
7: [2, 3]

Connected component: {2, 3, 7}

Degree-3 vertices in component: {2, 7}

Degree-3 adjacency:
2: [7]
7: [2]

Trees of degree-3 vertices: {2, 7}

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {2, 7}: {3}
k = 1, contribution = C(1, 2) = 0

Answer: 0 ✓

Example 3:
N = 15
Edges: 1-15, 11-14, 2-10, 1-7, 9-8, 6-9, 4-12, 14-5, 4-9, 8-11, 7-4, 1-13, 3-6, 11-10

Degrees: 1→3, 2→1, 3→1, 4→3, 5→1, 6→2, 7→2, 8→2, 9→3, 10→2, 11→3, 12→1, 13→1, 14→2, 15→1

Valid vertices: 1, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14

F_adj:
1: [7]
4: [9, 7]
6: [9]
7: [1, 4]
8: [9, 11]
9: [4, 6, 8]
10: [11]
11: [8, 10, 14]
14: [11]

Connected component: {1, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14}

Degree-3 vertices in component: {1, 4, 9, 11}

Degree-3 adjacency:
1: [] (no other degree-3 vertices in F_adj[1] = [7], and 7 is degree-2)
4: [9] (F_adj[4] = [9, 7], and 9 is degree-3, 7 is degree-2)
9: [4] (F_adj[9] = [4, 6, 8], and 4 is degree-3, 6 and 8 are degree-2)
11: [] (F_adj[11] = [8, 10, 14], and all are degree-2)

Trees of degree-3 vertices:
- {1} (isolated)
- {4, 9} (connected)
- {11} (isolated)

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {1}: {7}
k = 1, contribution = C(1, 2) = 0

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {4, 9}: {7} (adjacent to 4), {6} (adjacent to 9), {8} (adjacent to 9)
k = 3, contribution = C(3, 2) = 3

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {11}: {8} (adjacent to 11), {10} (adjacent to 11), {14} (adjacent to 11)
k = 3, contribution = C(3, 2) = 3

Answer: 0 + 3 + 3 = 6 ✓

Great, the code works for all examples!

Let me also add some optimizations for large inputs.

Actually, I think the code is already efficient enough. The time complexity is O(N), and the space complexity is also O(N).

Let me finalize the code:

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = [0] * (N + 1)
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = [v for v in range(1, N + 1) if degree[v] in (2, 3)]
    valid_set = set(valid)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid_set:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components in F using BFS
    visited = [False] * (N + 1)
    ans = 0
    for start in valid:
        if not visited[start]:
            # BFS to find the connected component
            component = []
            queue = deque([start])
            visited[start] = True
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        queue.append(w)
            
            # Now, process this component
            # Remove degree-2 vertices and find trees of degree-3 vertices
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            
            # Build adjacency list for degree-3 vertices only
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            # Find connected components of degree-3 vertices
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    # BFS to find the connected component of degree-3 vertices
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    # Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    degree2_adjacent = set()
                    for w in tree3:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if degree[x] == 2:
                                degree2_adjacent.add(x)
                    k = len(degree2_adjacent)
                    
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

I think this should work. Let me also consider edge cases:
- N = 3: The tree has 3 vertices and 2 edges. The possible degrees are 1, 1, 2 or 1, 2, 1 or 2, 1, 1. If there's only one vertex with degree 2, we can't form any valid pairs. If there are two vertices with degree 2, they might be adjacent (in which case we can't form a valid pair) or not adjacent (in which case we need to check if the intermediate vertex has degree 3, but in a tree with 3 vertices, the intermediate vertex can have at most degree 2).

Actually, in a tree with 3 vertices, the only possible structure is a path of length 2: a-b-c. The degrees are 1, 2, 1. So there's only one vertex with degree 2, and we can't form any valid pairs.

Let me also consider N = 4. The possible tree structures are:
1. Path of length 3: a-b-c-d. Degrees: 1, 2, 2, 1.
2. Star: a-b, a-c, a-d. Degrees: 3, 1, 1, 1.

For structure 1, the vertices with degree 2 are b and c. The path from b to c is just the edge (b, c), so they are adjacent. Adding the edge (b, c) would create a multigraph, so this is not a valid pair. The answer is 0.

For structure 2, there's only one vertex with degree 3 (vertex a), and no vertices with degree 2. So we can't form any valid pairs. The answer is 0.

OK the algorithm handles these cases correctly.

Let me also consider a case with multiple valid pairs. Suppose we have a tree:
```
a - b - c - d - e
    |       |
    f       g
```
where a, e, f, g are leaves (degree 1), and b, d have degree 2, and c has degree 3.

Wait, let me re-draw:
```
a - b - c - d - e
        |
        f
```
Degrees: a→1, b→2, c→3, d→2, e→1, f→1

Vertices with degree 2 or 3: b, c, d

F: b - c - d (a path)

Trees of degree-3 vertices: {c}

Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {c}: {b, d}
k = 2, contribution = C(2, 2) = 1

Answer: 1

This is correct: adding the edge (b, d) creates a cycle b-c-d-b where all vertices have degree 3 (b and d gain 1 degree from the new edge, and c already has degree 3).

OK the algorithm is correct. Let me finalize the code.

Actually, I just realized I should use `sys.setrecursionlimit` if I'm using recursion, but I'm using BFS, so it's not needed.

Also, I should make sure the code handles large inputs efficiently. Let me use `sys.stdin.buffer` for faster input.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Compute degrees
    degree = [0] * (N + 1)
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    # Build forest F
    # Vertices with degree 2 or 3
    valid = [v for v in range(1, N + 1) if degree[v] in (2, 3)]
    valid_set = set(valid)
    
    # Edges in F
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid_set:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    # Find connected components in F using BFS
    visited = [False] * (N + 1)
    ans = 0
    for start in valid:
        if not visited[start]:
            # BFS to find the connected component
            component = []
            queue = deque([start])
            visited[start] = True
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        queue.append(w)
            
            # Now, process this component
            # Remove degree-2 vertices and find trees of degree-3 vertices
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            
            # Build adjacency list for degree-3 vertices only
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            # Find connected components of degree-3 vertices
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    # BFS to find the connected component of degree-3 vertices
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    # Count degree-2 vertices adjacent to this tree
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    degree2_adjacent = set()
                    for w in tree3:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if degree[x] == 2:
                                degree2_adjacent.add(x)
                    k = len(degree2_adjacent)
                    
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

I think this is the final code. Let me double-check by running it on the examples.

Example 1:
Input:
6
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 5
3 6

Expected output: 1

Example 2:
Input:
7
1 2
2 7
7 3
3 5
6 2
4 7

Expected output: 0

Example 3:
Input:
15
1 15
11 14
2 10
1 7
9 8
6 9
4 12
14 5
4 9
8 11
7 4
1 13
3 6
11 10

Expected output: 6

I've already verified these manually, and the algorithm produces the correct outputs.

One more thing: I should make sure the code doesn't have any issues with the input format. The input has N on the first line, followed by N-1 lines of edges. My code reads N and then reads N-1 edges, which is correct.

I think the code is ready!
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
Looking at this problem, I need to count how many ways to add an edge to a tree such that:
1. The resulting graph is simple (no multi-edges)
2. All vertices in the created cycle have degree 3

When adding edge (u,v) to a tree, the cycle consists of the unique path from u to v plus the new edge. For all cycle vertices to have degree 3:
- u must have degree 2 in original tree (gains 1 from new edge)
- v must have degree 2 in original tree (gains 1 from new edge)  
- All intermediate vertices on the path must have degree 3 in original tree

So I need to count pairs of degree-2 vertices where the path between them consists only of degree-3 intermediate vertices.

**Algorithm:**
1. Build a forest F containing only vertices with degree 2 or 3
2. For each connected component in F, remove degree-2 vertices to get trees of degree-3 vertices
3. For each such tree S, count degree-2 vertices adjacent to S (call it k)
4. Each pair of these k vertices forms a valid cycle (contribution: C(k,2))

**Why this works:** If two degree-2 vertices are both adjacent to the same tree of degree-3 vertices, they're connected by a path through that tree. If they were adjacent to each other AND the same tree, there would be two paths between them (creating a cycle in the original tree), which is impossible.

**Verification with Example 1:**
- Tree: 1-2-3-4-5, 3-6
- Degrees: 1→1, 2→2, 3→3, 4→2, 5→1, 6→1
- F: 2-3-4, Trees of degree-3: {3}
- Degree-2 vertices adjacent to {3}: {2,4}, k=2
- Answer: C(2,2) = 1 ✓

**Verification with Example 3:**
- Valid vertices: 1,4,6,7,8,9,10,11,14
- Trees of degree-3: {1}, {4,9}, {11}
- Adjacent degree-2 counts: 1, 3, 3
- Answer: 0 + 3 + 3 = 6 ✓

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict, deque

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = defaultdict(list)
    for _ in range(N - 1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
    
    degree = [0] * (N + 1)
    for v in range(1, N + 1):
        degree[v] = len(adj[v])
    
    valid = [v for v in range(1, N + 1) if degree[v] in (2, 3)]
    valid_set = set(valid)
    
    F_adj = defaultdict(list)
    for v in valid:
        for u in adj[v]:
            if u in valid_set:
                F_adj[v].append(u)
    
    visited = [False] * (N + 1)
    ans = 0
    for start in valid:
        if not visited[start]:
            component = []
            queue = deque([start])
            visited[start] = True
            while queue:
                u = queue.popleft()
                component.append(u)
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        queue.append(w)
            
            degree3_in_component = [u for u in component if degree[u] == 3]
            degree3_set = set(degree3_in_component)
            degree3_adj = defaultdict(list)
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                for w in F_adj[u]:
                    if w in degree3_set:
                        degree3_adj[u].append(w)
            
            visited3 = set()
            for u in degree3_in_component:
                if u not in visited3:
                    tree3 = []
                    queue = deque([u])
                    visited3.add(u)
                    while queue:
                        w = queue.popleft()
                        tree3.append(w)
                        for x in degree3_adj[w]:
                            if x not in visited3:
                                visited3.add(x)
                                queue.append(x)
                    
                    tree3_set = set(tree3)
                    degree2_adjacent = set()
                    for w in tree3:
                        for x in F_adj[w]:
                            if degree[x] == 2:
                                degree2_adjacent.add(x)
                    k = len(degree2_adjacent)
                    ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```