=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a directed graph with N vertices and M edges. The vertices are numbered 1,2,\dots,N. Edge j (j=1,2,\dots,M) goes from vertex u_j to vertex v_j. It is guaranteed that vertex N is reachable from vertex 1.
Initially, all edges have weight 0. We choose exactly K out of the M edges and change their weights to 1. Find the maximum possible value of the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex N in the resulting graph.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M K
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_M v_M

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 2 \leq N \leq 30
- 1 \leq K \leq M \leq 100
- 1 \leq u_j, v_j \leq N
- u_j \neq v_j
- In the given graph, vertex N is reachable from vertex 1.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3 3 2
1 2
2 3
1 3

Sample Output 1

1

By choosing edges 1,3, the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex 3 becomes 1. There is no way to make the shortest distance 2 or greater, so the answer is 1.

Sample Input 2

4 4 3
1 2
1 3
3 2
2 4

Sample Output 2

2

By choosing edges 1,2,4, the shortest distance from vertex 1 to vertex 4 becomes 2. There is no way to make the shortest distance 3 or greater, so the answer is 2.

Sample Input 3

2 2 1
1 2
1 2

Sample Output 3

0

Note that there may be multi-edges.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We are given a directed graph with N vertices, M edges, and we must choose exactly K edges to assign weight 1, while the rest remain weight 0. The goal is to maximize the shortest path distance from 1 to N (i.e., the minimum total weight among all paths from 1 to N). Since edges are either 0 or 1, the distance is essentially the number of chosen edges on a path (since sum of weights). We can choose which edges get weight 1, exactly K of them. We want to make the shortest path as large as possible, i.e., maximize the minimum number of 1-edges along any path from 1 to N.

This is reminiscent of a "most vital edges" or "edge deletion" problem but here we assign weight 1 to K edges, others 0, and we want to maximize the shortest path length. Equivalent: we have a graph with edges of two types: 0 and 1. We choose K edges to be 1. The distance from 1 to N is the minimum number of 1-edges on a path (since 0-edges contribute nothing). We want to maximize that minimum.

This can be thought as: we want to force any path to use at least D edges that are set to 1. We can set K edges to 1. The maximum D we can guarantee is the answer.

Alternatively, we can consider that we want to choose K edges to "block" or increase the cost. This is like a min-cut or max-flow problem? Since we are dealing with shortest path length (number of 1-edges), we can think of each edge as having capacity? Actually, we can model as: we want to know the maximum D such that if we set exactly K edges to 1, the shortest path distance is at least D. But we can choose which edges to set to 1. So we want to maximize D such that there exists a selection of K edges that makes the shortest path >= D.

Equivalently, for a given D, can we select K edges to assign weight 1 such that every path from 1 to N has at least D edges among those selected? If yes, then we can achieve distance >= D. We want the maximum D for which this is possible.

This is reminiscent of the concept of "minimum number of edges to hit all paths" (minimum edge cut) but here we have a budget K and we want to hit each path with at least D edges. That is like we want to choose K edges such that the minimum number of selected edges on any path is at least D. This is similar to "edge covering number" of paths? Actually, we want to ensure that every path contains at least D selected edges. This is like we want to "block" paths with low cost. In terms of hitting sets: we want to choose K edges so that the minimum hitting number over all s-t paths is at least D. This is like we want to assign each edge a "cost" of 1 if selected, 0 otherwise, and we want the min-cost path to be at least D. That's exactly the problem: we can choose which edges have cost 1 (subject to exactly K) to maximize the min-cost path.

This is a combinatorial optimization problem. N is small (<=30), M <=100, K <= M. Could potentially try all subsets? M=100, too many.

We can think of it as: we want to maximize the shortest path length. Since edges are 0/1, the distance is integer from 0 up to maybe K (if we can force all paths to use many 1-edges). But K <=100, N small.

We can consider dynamic programming or min-cut with capacities? Possibly we can transform to a flow problem: For a given D, we want to check if we can select K edges such that every path has at least D selected edges. This is like we want to ensure that the minimum cut in terms of selected edges? Actually, consider the following: If we set some edges to 1, then the distance from 1 to N is the minimum number of 1-edges on a path. That's like the length of the shortest path in a graph where each edge has weight either 0 or 1. This can be computed via BFS (0-1 BFS) given the selection. But we need to choose selection to maximize that.

Another perspective: Since we can choose exactly K edges to be 1, we want to make the graph as "hard" as possible. This is like we want to maximize the minimum number of selected edges along any path. This is equivalent to: we want to choose K edges to maximize the length of the shortest path in the graph where those edges have weight 1 and others 0.

We can think of it as a kind of "bottleneck" problem. Maybe we can binary search D and check feasibility.

Feasibility: Given D, can we select exactly K edges such that every s-t path contains at least D selected edges? This is a combinatorial condition. This is similar to "edge covering number" or "path hitting". It's like we want to choose a set S of edges (|S|=K) such that the minimum number of S-edges on any s-t path is at least D. Equivalent: the graph after removing S (or rather, considering only edges not in S) should have no s-t path with fewer than D edges from S? Actually, if we consider the set S of selected edges (weight 1), then any path that uses only edges not in S would have distance 0, which would be < D unless D=0. So to have distance >= D, we must ensure that every s-t path uses at least D edges from S. That means there is no s-t path that avoids S entirely (if D>=1) or uses fewer than D edges from S.

So for D>=1, we must ensure that the set of edges not in S (i.e., weight 0 edges) does not contain an s-t path? Actually, if there is a path using only 0-edges, then distance =0 < D. So we must ensure that every s-t path includes at least one selected edge if D>=1. More generally, for D>=2, we must ensure that any s-t path includes at least 2 selected edges, etc.

This is reminiscent of the concept of "edge connectivity" but with a budget. For D=1, we need to select K edges such that every s-t path contains at least one selected edge. That is equivalent to: the set of edges not selected (0-edges) should not contain an s-t path. In other words, the set of 0-edges must be an s-t cut (i.e., removal of selected edges? Actually, if we consider the complement: let T = set of edges not selected (weight 0). We need that there is no s-t path using only edges from T. That means T is a set of edges that does not contain an s-t path, i.e., the subgraph induced by T has no s-t path. Equivalently, the set of selected edges S is a hitting set for all s-t paths. The minimum size of such a hitting set is the size of a minimum edge cut (the edge connectivity) between s and t? Actually, the minimum number of edges whose removal disconnects s and t is the edge connectivity. But here we are not removing edges; we are just assigning weight 1. However, if we want every path to contain at least one selected edge, that is exactly the condition that the set of unselected edges does not contain an s-t path. So the set of unselected edges must be a set that does not connect s to t. That is equivalent to saying that the complement (selected edges) is an edge cut? Not exactly: If we take the set of selected edges S, then the condition that every s-t path contains at least one edge from S is equivalent to S being an edge cut (i.e., removing S disconnects s from t). Because if removing S disconnects s and t, then any s-t path must use at least one edge from S. Conversely, if every s-t path uses at least one edge from S, then removing S disconnects s and t. So for D=1, feasibility is: can we select exactly K edges such that S is an s-t edge cut? That is, we need an s-t cut of size exactly K? Actually, we need an s-t cut (set of edges whose removal disconnects s and t) with size exactly K? But we can also have larger cuts; we can select exactly K edges, but we could also select extra edges beyond a minimal cut; the condition only requires that S is a cut (i.e., its removal disconnects). If we select K edges that form a cut, then distance >=1. But we might also be able to achieve distance >=1 even if S is not a cut? Let's check: If S is not a cut, then there exists an s-t path avoiding S entirely, giving distance 0. So indeed S must be a cut. So for D=1, we need to find an s-t cut of size exactly K? Not exactly: we can select K edges that form a cut, but we could also select K edges that include a cut plus some extra edges; that still yields distance >=1 because any path must use at least one selected edge (since cut edges are selected). However, if we select edges that do not form a cut, distance might be 0. So we need to check if there exists a set S of size K such that S is an s-t cut. That is equivalent to: the minimum s-t cut size (edge connectivity) must be <= K? Because if the minimum cut size is C_min, then we can take a minimum cut (size C_min) and add any other K - C_min edges (maybe arbitrary) to get a set of size K that still contains a cut (so it's a superset of a cut). However, does adding extra edges possibly break the cut property? No, superset of a cut is still a cut because removing more edges still disconnects. Actually, if S contains a cut C (i.e., C ⊆ S), then removing S certainly disconnects (since removing C already disconnects). So any superset of a cut is also a cut. Therefore, for D=1, feasibility is: K >= (minimum s-t edge cut size). Because we can take a minimum cut (size C_min) and add arbitrary extra edges to reach K. So condition: K >= C_min.

But wait: we must select exactly K edges, not at least K. So if K > C_min, we can add extra edges; that's fine. So D=1 is feasible iff K >= C_min.

Now for D=2, we need that every s-t path contains at least 2 selected edges. This is a stronger condition. This is equivalent to: the set of edges not selected (0-edges) may contain s-t paths, but any such path must include at least 2 selected edges? Actually, condition: for any s-t path P, |P ∩ S| >= 2. That means there is no s-t path with 0 or 1 selected edges. So the subgraph of 0-edges cannot have an s-t path (otherwise distance 0). Also, there should be no s-t path that uses exactly 1 selected edge. So we need to ensure that any s-t path that uses exactly 1 selected edge is impossible. That is like we need to "cover" all s-t paths with at least two edges from S.

This can be thought in terms of edge cuts: If we consider the graph where we contract or something? Another viewpoint: The distance is the minimum number of selected edges on a path. This is like a shortest path problem with edge weights 0/1. We want to maximize that minimum. This is similar to the concept of "most vital edges" where we increase weights on edges to maximize shortest path. But here we have a budget of K edges to set to 1.

We can try to model as a min-cut in a layered graph? There is a known technique: For a graph with 0/1 weights, the shortest path distance from s to t is equal to the minimum number of 1-edges on a path. This can be seen as a min-cut in a certain transformed graph if we consider each edge as having capacity 1? Actually, there is a classic reduction: The problem of finding the minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length? Not exactly.

We can think of it as: we want to assign weights 0/1 to edges (with exactly K ones) to maximize the shortest path distance. This is like we want to "harden" the graph. This is reminiscent of the "maximum minimal s-t cut" or "budget constrained interdiction" problem. There is a known problem: given a graph, you can increase the length of edges (or delete) subject to budget, maximize the shortest path. This is NP-hard in general? But here N is small (30), M <=100, K <=100. Could be solved via DP over subsets? But 2^30 is huge. However, N is small but not that small.

We can try to formulate as an integer linear program and solve via brute force search? Since M=100, K up to 100, but N=30, maybe we can use min-cut with node duplication? Another approach: Since the distance is integer and at most K, we can binary search D and check feasibility using flow with lower bounds? Let's explore.

Given D, we want to know if there exists a set S of exactly K edges such that every s-t path has at least D edges from S. This is a hitting problem: we need to select S such that the minimum number of S-edges on any s-t path is at least D. Equivalently, we can think of assigning each edge a "cost" of 1 if selected, 0 otherwise, and we want the minimum cost path to be at least D. This is like we want to ensure that the shortest path length (with these costs) is >= D.

We can view it as a game: we choose S, then the adversary chooses a path minimizing |S ∩ P|. We want that minimum to be >= D. So we want to choose S to maximize the minimum intersection.

This is a classic "bottleneck" or "blocking" problem that can be cast as a min-cut in a graph where we replicate vertices D times? There is a known technique: The length of the shortest path in a graph with 0/1 weights can be found by BFS. But to maximize the shortest path by selecting which edges are 1, we could consider the following: For a given D, we ask: can we select K edges such that there is no path with less than D selected edges? That is equivalent to: after we select S, the graph where we consider only edges with weight 0 (i.e., not in S) may have paths, but we need to ensure that any path that uses at most D-1 selected edges does not exist. This is like we want to "cut" all paths that have fewer than D selected edges.

Define a path as "bad" if it contains at most D-1 selected edges. We need to eliminate all bad paths by selecting S appropriately. But S itself determines which paths are bad. This is circular.

Alternative: We can think of the selection S as a binary vector. The shortest path distance is the solution to a minimization problem: min_{P} sum_{e in P} x_e, where x_e ∈ {0,1} indicates if e is selected (1) or not (0). We want to choose x (with sum x_e = K) to maximize this minimum.

This is a max-min problem. It can be seen as a kind of "bilevel" optimization. However, due to small N, we might be able to solve via enumeration over all possible distances? Or use the concept of "minimum cut" in a graph where we replace each edge with a capacity equal to something.

Consider the following transformation: For each edge e, we can decide to "pay" 1 to make it weight 1, otherwise weight 0. The distance from 1 to N is the minimum number of paid edges on a path. This is like we are placing tolls on edges, and we want to maximize the minimum toll encountered on any path, given we can place exactly K tolls.

This is similar to the "most vital edges" problem where we want to increase edge lengths to maximize shortest path, but here lengths are binary.

Given small N (30), we could potentially use dynamic programming over subsets of vertices? But M=100, K up to 100, maybe we can use min-cut with node splitting to represent the number of selected edges along a path. There is a known technique: To check if we can force the shortest path to be at least D, we can consider building a graph where each vertex is replicated D+1 times representing how many selected edges have been used so far. Then we ask: can we select K edges (assign them weight 1) such that there is no path from (1,0) to (N,0..D-1) using only edges with weight 0? Actually, we want to ensure that any path from 1 to N uses at least D selected edges. In the layered graph (with layers 0..D representing count of selected edges), a path that uses fewer than D selected edges would end at layer < D. So if we can ensure that in the graph with selected edges marked as "costly", there is no path from (1,0) to (N, j) for j < D, then the shortest path distance is at least D. However, the selection of which edges are selected influences which transitions increase the count.

We can think of the selection as deciding for each edge whether traversing it increments the count (if selected) or not (if not selected). So the graph becomes a directed graph with edges labeled as either increment or not. We want to choose exactly K increment edges such that there is no path from (1,0) to (N, j) for j < D. This is like we want to "block" all paths that would reach N with count < D. This is reminiscent of a cut problem in the expanded graph: we want to select a set of edges (the increment edges) such that in the expanded state graph, there is no path from start to any target state with count < D. However, the increment edges are exactly the ones we choose; they are not blocked, they actually increase count. Wait, we want to prevent paths with low count. Paths that use few increment edges are those that avoid increment edges as much as possible. So to prevent such paths, we need to make sure that any path that avoids increment edges (or uses few) cannot reach N. That is like we want to ensure that the subgraph consisting of non-increment edges (weight 0) does not contain a path from 1 to N, and also that any path that uses exactly one increment edge also cannot reach N, etc. But the increment edges themselves are not obstacles; they are allowed but increase count. So a path that uses exactly one increment edge might still reach N if after that increment, it can continue with zero-weight edges. So we need to block all possibilities of reaching N with total increments < D.

In the expanded graph with states (v, c) where c = number of increments used so far (0 <= c <= D), an edge e from u to v: if e is selected (increment), then from (u, c) we can go to (v, c+1) provided c+1 <= D; if e is not selected, then from (u, c) we can go to (v, c). We want to ensure that there is no path from (1,0) to (N, c) for any c < D. That is, all reachable (N, c) with c < D are unreachable. This is equivalent to saying that in this expanded graph, after fixing which edges are increment, the set of states (N, c) for c<D are not reachable from (1,0). We can choose which edges are increment (subject to exactly K) to achieve this.

Now, this looks like a problem of selecting a set of edges to be increment such that certain states are unreachable. This can be cast as a cut problem: We want to separate the source (1,0) from the target set T = {(N, c) | 0 <= c < D} in the expanded graph, but note that the expanded graph's structure depends on which edges are increment. However, we can think of it as: we have a base graph (the original directed graph). For each edge, we have two possible behaviors: either it does not increase count (if not selected) or it does increase count (if selected). The expanded graph is essentially a product of the original graph and a counter up to D. The transitions are determined by selection.

We want to choose a set S of edges (increment edges) such that in the resulting expanded graph, there is no path from (1,0) to any state in T. This is like we want to "cut" all paths from source to T. But we are not removing edges; we are deciding which edges increase the counter. However, we can reinterpret: In the expanded graph, if an edge is not selected, it provides a transition that stays at same counter level; if selected, it moves to next level. So the existence of a path to T depends on which edges are selected. We want to avoid such paths.

We can think of this as a kind of "minimum cost to block" problem: we need to select edges to be increment such that the source cannot reach T. But selecting an edge to be increment actually creates a transition to higher counter, which might help avoid T? Actually, if we select an edge, it might create a path that goes to higher counter and then maybe to N with higher counter, but we only care about paths that end with counter < D. Selecting an edge could potentially create a new path that reaches N with low counter? Let's see: Suppose we have a path that uses a selected edge early, then later uses non-selected edges. The counter increments only on selected edges. So if we select an edge, it increases the counter, which could actually make it harder to stay below D? Actually, we want to avoid paths that end with counter < D. Selecting an edge increases counter, so it might push the counter higher, potentially above D, but we only care about counter < D. So selecting an edge could actually help by making the counter larger, thus possibly making the path exceed D before reaching N? But we only consider paths that end at N; if the counter exceeds D before reaching N, that's fine because we only care about paths that end with counter < D. However, if a path exceeds D at some intermediate vertex, it could still later come back down? No, counter only increases (or stays same) because we only have non-decreasing transitions (selected edges increase, non-selected keep same). So once counter exceeds D, it will stay > D, and thus cannot end at N with counter < D. So selecting edges can only help to avoid low-counter paths, because it pushes the counter up. Conversely, not selecting edges keeps counter low, which might allow low-counter paths.

Therefore, to prevent low-counter paths, we want to select enough edges so that any path from 1 to N inevitably accumulates at least D increments before reaching N. That is, we want to force the counter to reach D before or at N. This is like we want to ensure that in any s-t path, the number of selected edges is at least D.

So we want to select a set S of edges such that every s-t path has at least D edges from S. This is exactly our condition.

Now, how to check feasibility for given D? This is a combinatorial problem: does there exist a set S of size K such that every s-t path contains at least D edges from S? This is reminiscent of the concept of "D-covering" or "edge multicut"? Actually, it's like we want to choose S to be a "D-hit" set: the minimum number of S-edges on any path is at least D.

We can think of it as a hitting problem with multiplicities: we need to hit each path at least D times. This is like a set cover with multiplicities. But maybe we can reduce to a flow problem using the idea of "minimum cut in a graph with capacities on edges representing how many times we can use them"? There is a known concept: The problem of finding the minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length to at least D can be solved via min-cut in a graph where each edge is replaced by D parallel edges? Not exactly.

Another angle: Since N is small (30), we could use integer programming with branch and bound? But we need to write code that runs quickly. M=100, K up to 100. Could we use DP over subsets of vertices? Possibly we can use the fact that the distance is the minimum number of selected edges on a path. This is like we want to maximize the minimum over paths of sum_{e in P} x_e, with sum x_e = K, x_e ∈ {0,1}. This is a classic "maximin" problem that can be solved via linear programming duality? There might be a connection to the concept of "minimum cut" in a graph where we assign capacities to edges and the max flow min cut gives the minimum number of selected edges on a path? Actually, consider the following: For a given selection x, the shortest path distance is the solution to a min-cut problem in a graph where each edge e has capacity x_e? Not exactly.

We can think of the distance as the minimum over paths of sum x_e. This is the value of a shortest path in a graph with edge weights x_e. There is a known dual: The shortest path distance from s to t is equal to the maximum over all potentials (or cuts) of something? In linear programming, the shortest path problem can be formulated as: minimize ∑_e x_e * y_e subject to flow constraints? Not helpful.

Maybe we can use the idea of "edge interdiction" where we can increase lengths. This problem might be NP-hard in general, but with N=30, M=100, we might be able to solve via brute force on all subsets of vertices? Because the number of vertices is 30, which is borderline for 2^30 (1e9) too large. But maybe we can use meet-in-the-middle? Unlikely.

Let's examine constraints: N <= 30, M <= 100, K <= 100. This suggests that maybe we can use dynamic programming over subsets of vertices? 2^30 is too large. But maybe we can use integer programming solved via max flow with node splitting? Another thought: Since the graph is directed and N is small, we could use the concept of "minimum cut" with edge capacities representing whether we select them. Could we formulate the feasibility as a flow problem where we need to select K edges such that the minimum s-t cut in terms of selected edges is at least D? Wait, the condition "every s-t path contains at least D selected edges" is equivalent to "the minimum number of selected edges on an s-t path is at least D". That is exactly the shortest path distance with weights x_e. This is also equal to the size of a minimum "s-t cut" in a graph where each edge e has capacity x_e? Actually, in a graph with capacities on edges, the max flow min cut theorem says that the maximum flow from s to t equals the minimum capacity of an s-t cut. But here we are dealing with path lengths, not capacities. However, there is a relationship: In a graph where each edge has capacity 1 (or 0/1), the min-cut size is the minimum number of edges whose removal disconnects s and t. That is not directly the same as the minimum number of selected edges on a path.

But consider the following: If we set x_e = 1 for selected edges, 0 otherwise, then the minimum number of selected edges on a path is the minimum over paths of sum x_e. This is like the "minimum weight path". There is a known dual: The minimum weight s-t path equals the maximum over all s-t cuts of the number of selected edges crossing the cut? Not exactly. For a given cut (S, T) with s in S, t in T, any s-t path must cross the cut at least once. So the sum of x_e on edges crossing the cut is a lower bound on the path weight? Actually, if we consider a cut, any path must include at least one edge from the cut. So the minimum over paths of sum x_e is at least the minimum over cuts of the minimum weight edge crossing the cut? Not that.

Wait: For a given selection x, the shortest path distance d = min_{P} ∑_{e∈P} x_e. This is the solution to a 0-1 integer program. The dual of the path LP is a cut problem: maximize y_t - y_s subject to y_v - y_u ≤ x_e for each edge e=(u,v), with y unrestricted? Actually, the shortest path can be formulated as: minimize ∑_e x_e * f_e subject to flow constraints with one unit of flow. The dual is a potential difference. Not directly.

Maybe we can use the concept of "minimum number of selected edges on a path" is equal to the size of a minimum "s-t cut" in a graph where we replace each edge with a capacity of 1 if selected? No.

Let's think differently. Since N is small (30), we could use state space of size N * (K+1) maybe? Because the distance we care about is at most K. We could try to compute the maximum possible shortest path distance by considering all ways to assign weights? But that's exponential in M.

Another approach: Since we only care about the shortest path distance, which is the minimum number of selected edges on any path, we can think of this as a game where we try to maximize that minimum. This is similar to the "bottleneck" problem that can be solved via a variant of the "minimum cut" in a graph where we have to choose K edges to "upgrade" to weight 1, and we want to maximize the minimum number of upgraded edges on a path. This is reminiscent of the "most vital edges" problem where we want to increase edge lengths to maximize shortest path, which is often solved by binary search and checking if we can force the shortest path to be at least D by selecting K edges to have weight 1. That check might be reducible to a min-cut problem: we need to see if we can select K edges such that any s-t path uses at least D of them. This is equivalent to: can we assign each edge a "cost" of 1 if selected, 0 otherwise, with total cost K, such that the minimum cost path is at least D. This is like we want to "cover" all paths with at least D selected edges.

I recall a known result: The problem of finding a set of edges of size at most K that intersects every s-t path in at least D edges is NP-hard for D>=2? Possibly. But with small N, we might still solve via integer programming or branch and bound.

Given N=30, M=100, we could attempt to use a brute force search over subsets of edges of size K? That's C(100,50) huge. Not possible.

We need a smarter method.

Let's consider the structure: The graph is directed, N up to 30. That's relatively small. Perhaps we can use DP over subsets of vertices to compute something like "minimum number of selected edges needed to achieve a given distance"? Or we can think of the problem as: we want to maximize D such that the minimum number of selected edges on any s-t path is at least D, given we can select K edges. This is like we want to find the maximum D for which the minimum size of a set S that hits every s-t path at least D times is ≤ K. In other words, define f(D) = minimum number of edges needed such that every s-t path contains at least D edges from S. Then the answer is the maximum D such that f(D) ≤ K. Because we can always add extra edges (since we need exactly K, but if f(D) ≤ K, we can take a minimum set of size f(D) and add arbitrary other edges to reach K, and the condition still holds (since superset of a hitting set with multiplicity? Does adding extra edges preserve the property that every path has at least D selected edges? If we add more edges to S, then paths may have even more selected edges, so the minimum over paths can only increase or stay same. So yes, if we have a set S0 with |S0| = f(D) that ensures every path has at least D selected edges, then any superset S ⊇ S0 will also have that property (since each path already had at least D from S0, adding more edges doesn't reduce that count). So the condition is monotonic: if there exists a set of size ≤ K that works, then we can extend to exactly K. So the feasibility for D is equivalent to f(D) ≤ K.

Thus we need to compute f(D) = minimum number of edges to select such that every s-t path contains at least D selected edges. Then answer = max{D | f(D) ≤ K}.

Now f(D) is like a "D-cover" number. For D=1, f(1) is the size of a minimum edge cut (edge connectivity) between s and t. That's computable via max flow (since directed graph, min cut). For D=2, what is f(2)? This is the minimum number of edges such that every s-t path contains at least 2 edges from the set. This is known as the "minimum size of a 2-edge cut" or "minimum edge double-cut"? Actually, there is concept of "minimum edge cut that separates s and t in the sense that any path must cross at least 2 edges from the set". This is like finding a set of edges whose removal increases the distance (in terms of number of edges) to at least 2? Not exactly.

We can think of it as: we want to choose a set S such that in the graph G' where we delete S? No.

Alternatively, we can transform the problem into a flow problem with edge capacities representing how many times we need to cross S. Consider constructing a new graph where each edge e is replaced by a pair of parallel edges? Or use node splitting with capacity D? There is a known technique: The problem of finding the minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length to at least D can be solved by computing the minimum cut in a graph where each edge is replaced by D edges in series? Actually, there is a classic result: The length of the shortest path in a graph with unit edge lengths is equal to the minimum number of edges in a path. To increase the shortest path length to at least D, you need to delete enough edges so that any remaining path has at least D edges. That's like finding a set of edges whose removal leaves a graph where the shortest path (in terms of number of edges) is at least D. That's a different problem (edge deletion). Here we are not deleting edges; we are assigning weights 1 to some edges, but edges with weight 0 are still present and can be used freely. So it's like we want to force any path to include at least D weight-1 edges. That is similar to "edge deletion" if we consider that weight-0 edges are free and weight-1 edges are costly. If we think of removing weight-1 edges, then a path with few weight-1 edges would be mostly free edges. But we want to force many weight-1 edges, so we want to make it impossible to have a path with few weight-1 edges. That is like we want to "block" all paths that use fewer than D weight-1 edges. If we consider the subgraph of weight-0 edges, any path that uses only weight-0 edges would be a path with 0 weight-1 edges. So to prevent that, we need to ensure that the weight-0 subgraph has no s-t path. That's like we need to select a set of edges to be weight-1 such that the complement (weight-0) has no s-t path. That's exactly a cut. For D=2, we also need to prevent paths that use exactly 1 weight-1 edge. That means that even if we allow one weight-1 edge, we cannot complete the rest with weight-0 edges to reach t. So for any edge e that we might use as the sole weight-1 edge, the graph of weight-0 edges should not have a path from s to the tail of e and from the head of e to t (or the other way) that avoids other weight-1 edges? Actually, consider a path that uses exactly one selected edge e. Then the path can be decomposed as: s -> u (using only weight-0 edges), then e (selected), then v -> t (using only weight-0 edges). So such a path exists iff there is a weight-0 path from s to u and a weight-0 path from v to t, and e is selected. To prevent any path with exactly one selected edge, we must ensure that for every selected edge e, either there is no weight-0 path from s to u, or no weight-0 path from v to t. But note that the weight-0 subgraph is determined by which edges are not selected. So it's interdependent.

This suggests a recursive structure: For D=2, we need to select a set S such that in the graph G \ S (i.e., considering only edges not in S), there is no s-t path (to avoid 0 selected edges), and additionally, for every edge e in S, there is no s-t path in G \ S that goes from s to tail(e) and from head(e) to t (i.e., e cannot be used as the only selected edge). But note that G \ S is the subgraph of weight-0 edges. So condition: (1) G \ S has no s-t path. (2) For each e = (u,v) in S, either u is not reachable from s in G \ S, or v cannot reach t in G \ S. Because if both are true, then we could form a path s ->...-> u (0-edges), then e (1), then v ->...-> t (0-edges), giving a path with exactly one selected edge.

Thus, for D=2, we need a set S such that G \ S has no s-t path, and also S is a "cut" that separates s from t in a stronger sense: every edge in S must have its tail not reachable from s in G \ S or its head not reaching t in G \ S. But if G \ S already has no s-t path, then certainly there is no s-t path, but that doesn't guarantee the second condition? Actually, if G \ S has no s-t path, it's possible that for some e in S, both u is reachable from s and v can reach t in G \ S, but still there is no s-t path in G \ S because the connection from u to v via e is missing (since e is selected, not in G \ S). However, the combination s->u (0-edges) + e (selected) + v->t (0-edges) would be a path in the original graph with exactly one selected edge. So we must prevent that. So condition (2) is additional.

Now, can we compute f(2) efficiently? Possibly via min-cut with some modifications. This looks like we need to find a set S of edges such that in the residual graph after removing S, s cannot reach t, and additionally, for each edge in S, it is not the case that s can reach its tail and its head can reach t in the residual graph. This is reminiscent of finding a set of edges that is a "minimum edge cut" that also is "non-returnable"? Actually, if we take any s-t cut C (set of edges whose removal disconnects s and t), then for any edge e in C, it's possible that s can reach its tail and its head can reach t in the graph without C? Not necessarily. Consider a cut C that is minimal. In a minimal cut, for each edge e in C, there exists a path from s to tail(e) and from head(e) to t in G \ C? I think for a minimal cut, each edge is essential: if you remove any edge from C, s and t become connected. That implies that for each e in C, there is an s-t path in G \ (C \ {e}). That path would use e? Actually, if you remove all edges of C except e, then there is an s-t path. That path must use e, because otherwise it would be a path in G \ C, which doesn't exist. So there exists an s-t path that uses e and possibly other edges not in C. That path would have exactly one selected edge if we set S = C? But wait, if we set S = C, then the path that uses e and other edges not in C would have exactly one selected edge (e) because the other edges are not selected (since they are not in C). That would violate condition for D=2. So a minimal cut may not work for D=2. Indeed, in sample 2, the minimum cut size? Let's compute: Graph: 1->2, 1->3, 3->2, 2->4. s=1, t=4. Minimum cut? Edges from {1} to others: (1,2) and (1,3). That's size 2. Also maybe (2,4) is also a cut? Actually, cut ({1,2,3}, {4}) has edges (2,4) only? But (3,2) is internal. So min cut size is 1? Let's check: If we remove edge (2,4), then 1 can reach 2 and 3, but cannot reach 4. So min cut size is 1. Indeed, edge (2,4) alone disconnects. So f(1) = 1. K=3, so D=1 is feasible. But answer is 2, meaning f(2) <= 3? Let's compute f(2): Need set S such that every path has at least 2 selected edges. Is there a set of size 2 that works? Possibly not, but with size 3 it works. Let's try to find S of size 3 that works: They selected edges 1,2,4 (i.e., (1,2), (1,3), (2,4)). Check paths: 1->2->4 uses selected edges (1,2) and (2,4) -> 2 selected. 1->3->2->4 uses (1,3), (2,4) -> 2 selected. 1->2->4 is the only? Also 1->3->2->4, etc. So distance=2. Could we do with 2 edges? Suppose we select (1,2) and (2,4). Then path 1->3->2->4 uses only (2,4) selected? Actually, (1,3) is not selected, (3,2) not selected, (2,4) selected -> total 1 selected. So fails. Select (1,3) and (2,4): path 1->2->4 uses only (2,4) selected? (1,2) not selected -> 1 selected. Fails. Select (1,2) and (1,3): then path 1->2->4 uses (1,2) selected? Actually, (1,2) selected, (2,4) not selected -> 1 selected. Fails. Select (1,2) and (3,2): then path 1->2->4 uses (1,2) selected ->1; path 1->3->2->4 uses (3,2) selected ->1. So fails. So f(2)=3? Actually, we found a set of size 3 works, but maybe there is a set of size 2 that works? Try (2,4) and something else? Already tried. So f(2)=3. Since K=3, D=2 feasible. So f(2)=3.

Now, can we compute f(D) in general? This looks like a "minimum edge multicut" or "minimum edge D-cover". There is a known concept: The minimum size of a set of edges that hits every s-t path at least D times is equal to the minimum capacity of an s-t cut in a graph where each edge is replaced by D parallel edges? Not exactly.

Consider constructing a new graph H where each edge e is replaced by a series of D edges, each with capacity 1? Or we can use the idea of "edge splitting" to enforce that any path must go through at least D selected edges. This is similar to the problem of "minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length to at least D" which can be solved by min-cut in a graph where each edge is given capacity 1 and we ask for a cut of size at most K that separates s and t in the D-th power? Not sure.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as a "minimum cost to achieve distance D" which can be formulated as a linear programming with integrality? Since N is small, we might be able to solve f(D) via integer programming using max flow with node duplication.

Let's attempt to derive a flow-based formulation for f(D). We need to choose a set S of edges to "activate" (assign weight 1) such that in the graph with those edges considered as "costly", the minimum cost path is at least D. This is equivalent to saying that there is no path with cost < D. So we want to "block" all paths with cost < D. This is like we want to ensure that for each possible "budget" b from 0 to D-1, there is no path that uses exactly b selected edges. This is similar to a "layered" cut problem.

Consider constructing a graph with D+1 layers (0 to D). Each layer is a copy of the original vertices. For each original edge e = (u,v), we add two kinds of transitions: if e is not selected, we add an edge from (u, c) to (v, c) for each c=0..D (or up to D). If e is selected, we add an edge from (u, c) to (v, c+1) for c=0..D-1. The condition that there is no path from (s,0) to (t, c) for c<D is equivalent to the set S being such that in this expanded graph, (t, c) are not reachable. Now, we want to choose S (size K) to achieve this. This is like we want to select a set of "upgrade" edges that increase the layer, and we want to prevent reaching t in low layers.

Now, think of this as a "minimum cut" problem in the expanded graph where we have the ability to decide which edges are "upgrade". But the decision affects which edges exist. However, we can consider a different perspective: Instead of choosing which edges are upgrades, we can think of paying a cost to make an edge an upgrade, and then we want to see if we can prevent low-layer reachability with total cost ≤ K. This is reminiscent of a "network interdiction" problem where we can increase the length of edges (by paying cost) and we want to ensure that the shortest path length is at least D. There is known approach: For a given D, we can compute the minimum number of edges we need to "lengthen" (i.e., set to weight 1) to make the shortest path at least D. This can be solved by a min-cut in a graph where each edge is replaced by a pair of edges with capacities? Actually, there is a known result: The problem of finding the minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length (in terms of number of edges) to at least D is equivalent to finding a minimum cut in the D-th power of the graph? Not sure.

Let's search memory: There is a classic problem "Minimum number of edges to remove to make the shortest path length at least L" which can be solved by computing the minimum cut in a graph where each vertex is split into L copies, and edges go between copies. Specifically, to check if we can delete at most K edges to ensure that any remaining path has length at least L, we construct a graph with L layers, and edges from layer i to i+1 corresponding to original edges, and then compute min cut between (s,0) and (t, L-1?) Something like that. Actually, consider the problem: We have a directed graph with unit edge lengths. We want to delete edges (remove) so that the shortest path from s to t (in terms of number of edges) is at least D. This is equivalent to ensuring that any path uses at least D edges. If we delete edges, we are removing them. This is like we want to cut all paths of length < D. This can be modeled by a flow network where we have D copies of each vertex, and we only allow transitions that increase the layer by 1 (since each edge increases length by 1). Then a path of length < D corresponds to a path from (s,0) to (t, l) with l<D. To block all such paths, we need to delete edges in this layered graph. The minimum number of original edges to delete to achieve this is the minimum cut in the layered graph between (s,0) and the set of (t, l) for l<D. But since deleting an original edge corresponds to deleting all its copies across layers? Actually, if we delete an original edge, it removes all its copies in the layered graph. So the problem reduces to finding a set of original edges of minimum size whose removal disconnects (s,0) from all (t, l) for l<D in the layered graph. That is a classic "minimum cut" problem in a graph where each original edge corresponds to multiple arcs in the layered graph, but we can treat each original edge as having capacity 1 (if we delete it, we cut all its copies). This can be solved by constructing a flow network where each original edge is represented as a node with capacity 1, connecting its copies. This is similar to the "minimum vertex cut" in a line graph? Actually, there is a standard technique for "minimum number of edges to delete to increase shortest path length" using min-cut in a time-expanded network. I recall a problem from AtCoder: "Shortest Path on a Line" or something? Not sure.

But our problem is not deletion; it's assigning weight 1 to edges, which is like we are not deleting them, but making them costly. However, we can transform it into a deletion problem by considering that we want to ensure that any path has at least D costly edges. If we think of the costly edges as "obstacles", then a path with fewer than D costly edges is essentially a path that avoids costly edges as much as possible. To eliminate such paths, we could consider deleting all edges that are not costly? Not exactly.

Alternatively, we can think of it as: we want to select a set S of edges to be costly such that in the graph where we contract all non-costly edges (or treat them as free), the distance (in terms of number of costly edges) is at least D. This is like we want to find a set S such that in the graph where we remove all edges not in S? No.

Maybe we can reframe: Let's define a new graph where we only consider the selected edges as "milestones". The condition that every s-t path contains at least D selected edges means that if we look at the subgraph induced by selected edges, it must have the property that any s-t path in the original graph must cross this subgraph at least D times. This is reminiscent of the concept of "distance" in terms of edge cuts.

Another idea: Since N is small (30), we could use integer linear programming solved via brute force with branch and bound, but we need to implement in Python, which may be slow for 100 variables. But we could use a max flow based approach to compute f(D) via minimum cut in a graph where each edge can be "used" up to D times? Let's attempt to derive a flow formulation.

We want the minimum |S| such that every s-t path has at least D edges from S. This is equivalent to: the minimum over all s-t paths of |P ∩ S| >= D. This is like we want to "cover" each path with at least D edges from S. This is a hitting problem with multiplicities. There is a known dual: The maximum number of edge-disjoint s-t paths is the size of a minimum edge cut (by Menger). For D=1, the minimum size of S that hits every path at least once is the minimum cut size. For D>1, there is a generalization: The minimum size of a set that hits every s-t path at least D times is equal to the minimum over all collections of D edge-disjoint paths? Not exactly. Consider the following: If we have D edge-disjoint s-t paths, then any set S that hits every path at least D times must have at least D edges? Actually, if there are D edge-disjoint paths, then to hit each path at least once, you need at least D edges (one per path). But we need each path to be hit at least D times, which is stronger. Perhaps the minimum size is related to the minimum size of an edge set that intersects every s-t path in at least D edges, which is equal to the minimum size of a D-edge cut? There is concept of "D-edge-connected" and "minimum D-edge cut". A graph is D-edge-connected if the minimum number of edges whose removal disconnects the graph is at least D. But here we are not removing edges; we are selecting edges to be "special". However, if we consider the complement: Let T be the set of edges not selected. Then the condition that every s-t path has at least D selected edges is equivalent to: in the graph where we consider only edges not in T (i.e., selected edges) as "required"? Not helpful.

Maybe we can use linear programming duality: The problem of minimizing |S| subject to for every s-t path P, ∑_{e∈P} x_e ≥ D, where x_e ∈ {0,1}. This is a covering integer program. Its LP relaxation is: minimize ∑ x_e subject to for every s-t path P, ∑_{e∈P} x_e ≥ D, 0 ≤ x_e ≤ 1. The dual of this LP is: maximize D * y (??) Actually, the primal: min ∑ x_e, s.t. A x ≥ D * 1 (for each path), x_e ≥ 0, x_e ≤ 1 (but the ≤1 constraints are not needed if we also have x_e ≤ 1? In covering, we usually have x_e ≥ 0, and we might also have x_e ≤ 1 because it's binary, but in LP relaxation we can allow x_e up to 1. However, the constraints x_e ≤ 1 are not necessary for the covering because if x_e >1, it's wasteful; but we might need them to ensure boundedness? Actually, since we are minimizing, x_e will not exceed 1 because increasing x_e beyond 1 only increases cost without improving constraints (since constraints are ≥ D, having x_e >1 doesn't help more than 1). So we can drop upper bounds. So primal: min ∑ x_e, s.t. for each path P, ∑_{e∈P} x_e ≥ D, x_e ≥ 0. The dual would be: max D * ∑_{P} y_P? Let's derive properly.

Let variables x_e ≥ 0. For each s-t path P, constraint ∑_{e∈P} x_e ≥ D. We want to minimize ∑ x_e. This is a linear program with exponential number of constraints. The dual would have a variable y_P ≥ 0 for each path P, and the dual is: maximize D * ∑_{P} y_P, subject to for each edge e, ∑_{P: e∈P} y_P ≤ 1. Because primal: min ∑ x_e, s.t. A x ≥ D, x ≥ 0. Dual: max D^T y, s.t. A^T y ≤ 1, y ≥ 0. Here A is a matrix with rows for paths, columns for edges, entry 1 if e∈P. So dual: maximize D * ∑_P y_P, subject to for each edge e, ∑_{P∋e} y_P ≤ 1, y_P ≥ 0.

This is a packing of paths: we assign weights y_P to paths such that for each edge, total weight of paths using that edge is at most 1, and we maximize D times total weight. The maximum total weight ∑ y_P is the maximum total "flow" of paths subject to edge capacities 1. This is essentially the maximum number of edge-disjoint paths? Not exactly: If we require y_P to be integer (0 or 1), then ∑ y_P is the maximum number of edge-disjoint paths (since each edge can be used by at most one path). But in the LP, y_P can be fractional, so the maximum is the fractional edge-disjoint paths, which equals the size of a minimum cut (by max-flow min-cut). Actually, the maximum total flow (with edge capacities 1) from s to t is the max flow, which equals the min cut capacity. And the max flow can be achieved with fractional flows, but also with integral flows since capacities are 1 and graph is directed, the max flow is integer (by integrality theorem). So the maximum ∑ y_P (with y_P representing flow on paths) is exactly the max flow value, which equals the min cut size. However, note that in the dual, we have D * ∑ y_P, and we maximize that. The dual optimum is D * (max flow). By strong duality, the primal optimum (minimum ∑ x_e) equals the dual optimum, provided the primal is feasible and bounded. So we get that the LP relaxation of f(D) is D * (max flow). But is that correct? Let's test with D=1: LP optimum = 1 * max flow = min cut size. That matches f(1) (since f(1) = min cut size, and the LP relaxation gives the same because the covering problem with D=1 is exactly the min cut problem and the LP integrality holds? Actually, the minimum cut size is integer and the LP optimum is also integer? The LP relaxation of the edge covering problem (hitting all paths) is known to have integrality gap? For D=1, the problem is the minimum edge cut, which is the dual of max flow, and the LP relaxation (min ∑ x_e s.t. for each path ∑ x_e ≥ 1) is exactly the fractional cut problem, whose optimum equals the min cut (by max-flow min-cut). And since min cut is integer, the LP gives integer solution. So f(1) = min cut.

For D=2, the LP relaxation would give optimum = 2 * max flow. But is that equal to f(2)? In sample 2, max flow from 1 to 4? Let's compute max flow. Graph: 1->2, 1->3, 3->2, 2->4. Edge capacities 1. Max flow: we can send 1 unit via 1->2->4, and another unit via 1->3->2->4? But edge 2->4 has capacity 1, so only one unit can go through 2->4. So max flow is 1? Actually, we can send 1 unit via 1->2->4, and also maybe 1->3->2->4 shares 2->4, so can't. Could we send 1 via 1->3->2->4 and another via 1->2->4? Still only one can use 2->4. So max flow = 1. Then 2*max flow = 2. But f(2) we found is 3. So LP relaxation gives 2, but integer optimum is 3. So there is an integrality gap. So the LP is not tight for D>1.

Thus, we need to solve the integer program. However, the integrality gap suggests that the problem is more complex. But N is small, so maybe we can solve the integer program via branch and bound or using the fact that the number of vertices is small, we can use a cut-based approach with node splitting.

Another direction: Since N ≤ 30, we could use the concept of "minimum cut" in a graph where each edge is replaced by a capacity of D? Not sure.

Maybe we can use dynamic programming over subsets of vertices to compute the minimum number of selected edges needed to ensure that any path has at least D selected edges. This is like we want to find a set S that is a "D-barrier". Could be related to the concept of "distance" in terms of edge cuts: The minimum number of edges to remove to increase the shortest path length to at least D is equal to the minimum cut in the D-th power graph. Actually, there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of edges to delete to ensure that the shortest path (in terms of number of edges) is at least L is equal to the minimum cut in the graph where each vertex is split into L copies, and edges go from copy i to i+1. That's a standard technique for "minimum edge deletion to increase distance". Let's verify: Suppose we want to delete edges so that any remaining path has length at least L. Construct a graph with L layers (0 to L-1). For each original edge (u,v), add edges from (u,i) to (v,i+1) for i=0..L-2. Also, we might need to allow staying? No, because each edge increases length by 1. Then a path of length exactly L corresponds to a path from (s,0) to (t, L-1) (if we index layers by length). To ensure no path of length < L, we need to delete edges so that there is no path from (s,0) to (t, i) for i<L-1? Actually, a path of length l corresponds to a path from (s,0) to (t, l-1) if we count edges. So we want to block all paths to (t, i) for i=0..L-2. The minimum number of original edges to delete to achieve this is the minimum cut in this layered graph between (s,0) and the set of (t,i) for i<L-1, where each original edge corresponds to a set of arcs in the layered graph, and deleting the original edge removes all its copies. This can be solved by a min-cut in a graph where each original edge is represented as a node with capacity 1, connecting its copies. This is a standard reduction to a flow problem with vertex capacities. Since L ≤ K ≤ 100, and N=30, the layered graph would have up to 30*101 = 3030 nodes, which is manageable. But this is for edge deletion, not for our problem.

Our problem is not deletion; it's assigning weight 1 to K edges. However, we can transform it into a deletion problem by considering that we want to ensure that any path has at least D selected edges. If we think of the selected edges as "toll" edges, then a path with fewer than D selected edges is essentially a path that avoids tolls. If we consider the graph where we delete all selected edges, then a path with 0 selected edges would be a path in the remaining graph. But we want to eliminate paths with < D selected edges, which is stronger than just eliminating paths with 0 selected edges. However, we can use a similar layered construction where we only allow transitions that increase a counter when we traverse a selected edge. To block paths with < D selected edges, we need to ensure that in the layered graph, there is no path from (s,0) to (t, c) for c<D. The selection of which edges are "selected" determines which arcs increase the counter. This is like we can choose, for each original edge, whether it increments the counter or not. We want to choose exactly K edges to increment such that the source cannot reach the target in low layers.

Now, this is reminiscent of a "minimum cost to block" problem where we can pay to make an edge increment the counter. We want to know if we can achieve blocking with total cost K (each increment edge costs 1). This can be formulated as a minimum cut problem in a graph where each edge has a cost to become increment, and we want to find a set of edges to pay for such that after paying, the source cannot reach low-layer targets. This is like a "network interdiction" problem where we can increase the length of edges (by making them increment) and we want to increase the shortest path length to at least D. There is known approach: For a given D, we can compute the minimum number of edges to "lengthen" (i.e., set weight 1) to make the shortest path at least D by solving a min-cut in a graph where each edge is replaced by a pair of arcs: one with cost 0 (if not lengthened) and one with cost 1 (if lengthened) but we need to choose exactly one? Actually, we can model as: we have a base graph where each edge has two possible states: weight 0 or weight 1. We want to choose a set of edges to assign weight 1 such that the shortest path distance is at least D. This can be seen as a 0-1 integer program. There is a known technique using "minimum cut with node splitting and edge costs" where we create a graph with D+1 layers and for each original edge, we add two types of arcs: one that stays in same layer (cost 0) and one that goes to next layer (cost 1). Then we ask: what is the minimum total cost of selecting which arcs are present? But we must choose for each original edge either the "stay" arc or the "increment" arc? Actually, we can't have both because the edge either increments or not. In the layered graph, for each original edge, we would include either the stay arcs (for all layers) or the increment arcs (for all layers) depending on selection. But we could also include both? No, the edge's behavior is fixed: if selected, traversing it always increments the counter; if not selected, it never increments. So in the layered graph, for a non-selected edge, we have arcs from (u,c) to (v,c) for all c. For a selected edge, we have arcs from (u,c) to (v,c+1) for c=0..D-1. So the presence of these arcs depends on selection.

Now, we want to choose a selection S (set of edges to be selected) such that there is no path from (s,0) to (t,c) for c<D. This is like we want to "cut" all such paths. The selection determines which arcs exist. This is a kind of "network design" problem: we have a base set of arcs that are always present? Actually, for each edge, we have two possible sets of arcs: either the "stay" set or the "increment" set. We must choose one of them for each edge. The cost of choosing the increment set for an edge is 1 (since it counts toward K), while choosing the stay set costs 0. We want to minimize total cost (i.e., number of selected edges) such that the source cannot reach the target in low layers. Then f(D) is that minimum cost. And we need to check if f(D) ≤ K.

Thus, we have a combinatorial optimization: choose for each edge e a mode (0 or 1) with cost x_e ∈ {0,1}, minimize ∑ x_e, subject to: in the layered graph with arcs defined accordingly, there is no path from (s,0) to any (t,c) for c=0..D-1.

This is a classic "minimum cost to block" problem that can be solved via min-cut in a suitably constructed graph where each edge's decision is modeled by adding a node with capacity 1, etc. This is similar to the "minimum cut with choice of arcs" problem, which can be reduced to a minimum cut in a larger graph where we have a source and sink and we can decide to "pay" to remove certain arcs? Let's think.

We want to prevent connectivity from source to sink. This is like we want to choose a set of arcs to delete (or not include) such that after deletion, source and sink are disconnected. But here we have a choice between two sets of arcs for each original edge: we can either include the stay arcs or the increment arcs. Including the stay arcs might create connectivity in low layers, while including increment arcs might also create connectivity but at higher layers. We want to avoid low-layer connectivity. So we can think of it as: we start with all possible arcs (both stay and increment) present, but we can "disable" some of them by paying a cost. However, we cannot have both stay and increment for the same edge simultaneously because that would correspond to having both behaviors, which is not allowed. Actually, we could have both, but that would mean the edge both increments and doesn't increment? That's not physically possible. So we must choose exactly one behavior per edge. But if we include both, that would be even more permissive (allowing both types of transitions), which would only make it easier to have low-layer paths (since stay arcs allow staying in same layer). So to block low-layer paths, we would never want to include both; we would want to choose the behavior that is less conducive to low-layer connectivity. Typically, the increment behavior is less conducive because it forces a layer increase, which might push the path to higher layers, potentially avoiding low-layer targets. However, increment arcs could also create new paths to low layers? For example, an increment arc from (u,c) to (v,c+1) could be part of a path that eventually reaches (t, c') with c' < D if later arcs are stay arcs that don't increase further. So increment arcs can still lead to low-layer targets if the total increments are less than D. So both types can contribute to low-layer connectivity.

We need to choose for each edge which set of arcs to include, with the objective of minimizing the number of edges for which we choose the increment set (since that costs 1), while ensuring no low-layer path exists.

This is reminiscent of a "minimum cut" problem in a graph where each edge e is replaced by a gadget that allows us to choose between two parallel arcs with different costs and effects. We can model this as a flow network with node capacities: For each original edge, we create a node that we can "cut" by paying cost 1 to switch from stay to increment? Not exactly.

Let's attempt to construct a flow network for computing f(D). We want to find the minimum number of edges to set to increment such that there is no path from (s,0) to any (t,c) (c<D) in the layered graph with the chosen arcs. This is equivalent to: we want to select a set of edges to increment such that in the graph where we have only the chosen arcs (i.e., for each edge, we have either stay or increment arcs), the source cannot reach the target in low layers. Another way: Consider the graph that includes both types of arcs, but we can "delete" the stay arcs for edges we choose to increment, and delete the increment arcs for edges we choose not to increment. Actually, if we start with a graph that contains all possible arcs (both stay and increment for every edge), then any selection corresponds to deleting the arcs of the opposite type. For an edge e, if we choose increment, we delete the stay arcs; if we choose stay, we delete the increment arcs. The cost of choosing increment is 1 (since we count it), while choosing stay costs 0. We want to delete enough arcs so that there is no low-layer path. The deletions are forced by our choice. So we need to decide which set of arcs to delete (subject to for each edge, we must delete exactly one of the two sets) to achieve disconnection, minimizing the number of edges for which we delete the stay set (i.e., choose increment) because that incurs cost.

But note: Deleting the stay set for an edge (i.e., choosing increment) removes arcs that could be used in low-layer paths. Deleting the increment set (i.e., choosing stay) removes arcs that could be used in paths that go to higher layers but might also be part of low-layer paths? Actually, increment arcs could be part of low-layer paths if the total increments are less than D. So both types can be part of low-layer paths. So we need to delete a combination of arcs to break all low-layer paths.

This is similar to a "minimum cut" problem where each edge e has two parallel arcs (stay and increment) and we can remove one of them at a cost? But we must remove exactly one per edge? Actually, we are forced to remove one of the two sets because we can't have both. But we could also consider that we start with all arcs present, and we want to remove a set of arcs such that after removal, there is no low-layer path, and the removal must satisfy that for each original edge, at least one of the two sets is removed? No, we need exactly one set removed because we can't have both present. But if we remove both sets, that would also be okay (edge effectively removed), but that would correspond to not having the edge at all, which is not allowed because the edge exists in the original graph; we cannot delete the edge entirely. The edge must be present, either as stay or increment. So we cannot remove both sets; we must keep exactly one set. So the feasible removal sets are those that for each edge, exactly one of the two sets is removed. The cost is the number of edges for which we remove the stay set (i.e., we keep the increment set), because that corresponds to selecting the edge (weight 1). So we need to find a removal set R (arcs to delete) such that for each edge e, either all stay arcs of e are in R, or all increment arcs of e are in R (but not both), and such that after removing R, there is no path from (s,0) to any (t,c) (c<D). The cost is the number of edges for which we removed the stay arcs (i.e., we kept increment arcs). We want to minimize this cost.

This is a constrained cut problem. It might be solvable by reduction to a minimum cut in a graph where each edge e is represented by a node with capacity 1, and we connect the stay and increment arcs appropriately. There is a known technique for "minimum weight vertex cover" or "minimum cut with choice" using node splitting and adding infinite capacity edges to enforce mutual exclusion.

Let's try to design such a network. We have the layered graph with vertices (v, c) for v=1..N, c=0..D. We'll have a source S = (1,0) and a sink T = (N, c) for c=0..D-1? Actually, we want to disconnect S from all these target states. We can combine them into a single sink by adding a super-sink T' and connecting each (N, c) for c<D to T' with infinite capacity (or large). Then we want to find a minimum cut separating S from T' in a graph where we have control over which arcs are present based on edge selections.

But we have the ability to choose, for each original edge e, whether to include stay arcs or increment arcs. This choice affects which arcs are present. To model this as a cut problem, we can create a graph where we have both types of arcs present, but we can "cut" them by paying a cost. However, we must ensure that for each edge e, we cannot cut both types (i.e., we must keep at least one type). Actually, we want to cut arcs to break all paths. The cost structure: cutting a stay arc for edge e costs 0 if we also keep the increment arc? No, we need to assign costs to cutting arcs such that the total cost equals the number of edges for which we choose increment. Let's think differently.

We can formulate as a minimum cut problem in a graph where we have a source and sink, and we have decision variables for each edge e: if we cut a certain edge in the decision graph, it corresponds to selecting that edge as increment. This is similar to the "minimum cut" formulation for the "minimum vertex cover" in bipartite graphs, but here it's more complex.

Maybe we can use integer programming solved via max flow with branch and bound? Since N is small, we could try to compute f(D) by solving a minimum cut in a graph where each edge e is replaced by a gadget that allows flow to pass either through a "stay" path or an "increment" path, with a cost associated with choosing the increment path. This is like a "minimum cut with choice of arcs" which can be reduced to a minimum cut in a larger graph by introducing a node for each edge with capacity 1, and connecting the two options appropriately.

Consider constructing a flow network as follows: We have the layered graph vertices (v,c). For each original edge e = (u,v), we create a gadget: a node e (representing the edge) with capacity 1 (if we cut it, we pay 1). Then we connect (u,c) to e with infinite capacity for each c? And from e to (v,c) for stay? Not clear.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as a "minimum cost to increase the shortest path length" which is known as the "shortest path interdiction" problem. There is literature on "shortest path interdiction" where you can increase edge lengths by paying cost, and you want to maximize the shortest path length given a budget. That problem is NP-hard in general, but for unit costs and binary lengths, maybe it's easier? However, given small N, we might be able to solve via DP over subsets.

Given N ≤ 30, we could attempt to compute f(D) using a state representing which vertices are reachable from s with exactly c selected edges? But that's exponential in N.

Another thought: Since M ≤ 100, we could try to use integer linear programming with branch and bound, but we need to implement it efficiently in Python. Could use pulp? Not allowed. We need to code from scratch.

Maybe we can use the fact that D cannot exceed K (since we need at least D selected edges on a path, and we only have K selected edges total, so D ≤ K). Also, D cannot exceed the length (in edges) of any path? Actually, a path could have many edges, but the number of selected edges on a path is at most the number of edges on that path. But we can set selected edges to be many, so D could be up to K, but also limited by the maximum possible minimum number of selected edges on a path, which is at most the size of a minimum cut? Not exactly.

We could try to compute f(D) via a min-cut in a graph where we replace each edge with D parallel edges? Let's explore the dual LP again. The LP relaxation gave D * maxflow. The integer optimum f(D) is at least D * maxflow, but could be larger. The gap arises because the LP allows fractional x_e, which can satisfy the path constraints with fractional values. The integer solution requires x_e ∈ {0,1}. This is like a covering problem where each path needs to be covered D times. This is essentially the "minimum edge D-cover" problem. There is a known result that the integrality gap for this problem can be as large as something, but maybe we can solve it via iterative rounding? Not sure.

Given small N, perhaps we can use a brute force search over subsets of vertices? Since N=30, we could consider all partitions of vertices into two sets (S containing 1, T containing N). For each cut, the number of edges crossing the cut is some value. But for D>1, we need more than just a cut.

Consider the concept of "distance" in terms of edge cuts: The condition that every s-t path contains at least D edges from S is equivalent to: for any set of vertices X with s∈X and t∉X, the number of edges from X to V\X that are in S is at least D? Is that true? Let's test. If every s-t path has at least D edges from S, then consider any cut (X, V\X) with s∈X, t∉X. Any s-t path must cross this cut at least once. But does it guarantee that there are at least D edges from S crossing the cut? Not necessarily. For example, consider a graph where there are many parallel edges from X to V\X, but only one of them is in S. Then a path could use that one S edge and then other non-S edges, but it would cross the cut exactly once, using that one S edge. That would give a path with only 1 S edge, violating D>1. So for D>1, we need that for every cut, the number of S edges crossing is at least D? Actually, if there is a cut with fewer than D S edges crossing, then we could construct a path that uses only those S edges (maybe just one) and otherwise uses non-S edges? Let's think: Suppose there is a cut (X, V\X) with s∈X, t∉X, and the set of S edges crossing the cut has size < D. Can we always find an s-t path that uses at most that many S edges? Possibly yes, if we can find a path that crosses the cut only at those S edges and otherwise avoids S. But we need to ensure that the path exists. This is reminiscent of Menger's theorem for edge-disjoint paths with multiplicities. There is a known theorem: The minimum number of edges that must be removed to increase the edge-connectivity to at least D is something. Actually, the condition that every s-t path contains at least D edges from S is equivalent to S being a "D-edge cut" in the sense that the graph obtained by contracting all edges not in S? Not sure.

Let's try to derive necessary and sufficient conditions using cuts. For a given S, consider the graph where we contract all vertices connected by non-S edges? Actually, define an equivalence relation: vertices are equivalent if they are connected by a path consisting solely of non-S edges. Then each equivalence class is a set of vertices that can be reached from each other using only 0-weight edges. Since non-S edges have weight 0, within a class you can travel for free. Then the selected edges (weight 1) go between these classes. The distance from s to t is the minimum number of selected edges needed to go from the class containing s to the class containing t. This is essentially the shortest path in the contracted graph where each class is a node and selected edges are edges with weight 1. So the condition that every s-t path has at least D selected edges is equivalent to: in the contracted graph, the shortest path distance from class(s) to class(t) is at least D. Since the contracted graph only has edges of weight 1 (selected edges), the distance is the minimum number of selected edges on any path, which is just the minimum number of edges in the contracted graph (since all edges weight 1). So we need that in the contracted graph, the minimum number of edges in any path from class(s) to class(t) is at least D. That means that the contracted graph has no path of length less than D between those two nodes.

Now, the contracted graph is obtained by merging vertices connected by non-S edges. This is like we are choosing S, and then contracting the complement. The contracted graph's nodes are the strongly connected components of the subgraph of non-S edges? Actually, since edges are directed, we need to consider reachability via directed paths of non-S edges. But we can consider the condensation of the graph formed by non-S edges. However, for the purpose of s-t distance, we care about directed paths. So we can define the relation: u ~ v if there is a directed path from u to v using only non-S edges, and also from v to u? Not necessarily symmetric. But for distance, we care about moving forward. The contraction might need to be done on strongly connected components of the non-S subgraph, but since edges are directed, we might need to consider reachability in the forward direction only? Actually, if we have non-S edges, we can traverse them for free, but only in the direction they go. So to go from s to t, we can use sequences of non-S edges to move forward. So we can define a directed graph of "free moves". The contracted graph should have nodes corresponding to the set of vertices that are mutually reachable via free edges? Not exactly; we can treat it as we are allowed to take any number of free edges consecutively. So the effective graph is: vertices are original vertices, but we can move from u to v with cost 0 if there is a directed path using only non-S edges from u to v. So the distance with selected edges is the minimum number of selected edges needed, where between selected edges we can traverse free paths. This is like we have a graph where we have zero-cost edges (the transitive closure of non-S edges) and unit-cost edges (selected edges). Then the shortest path is the minimum number of unit-cost edges on a path, which can be computed by BFS on the graph where we treat zero-cost edges as allowing jumps.

Thus, the condition that every s-t path has at least D selected edges is equivalent to: in the graph where we add zero-cost edges for all pairs (u,v) such that there is a directed path from u to v using only non-S edges, the shortest path distance (in terms of number of selected edges) from s to t is at least D. But that's just restating.

Now, the contracted graph approach: Let's define an equivalence relation where we collapse vertices that are mutually reachable via free edges? Actually, for the purpose of counting selected edges, we can consider that if there is a free path from u to v, then we can go from u to v without using selected edges. So effectively, u and v are in the same "zero-cost region". However, because the free moves are directed, the region might not be strongly connected; but we can still treat it as a partial order. Perhaps we can think of the graph where we compute the set of vertices reachable from s using only free edges, then from those we can take a selected edge, then again free edges, etc. The distance is the minimum number of selected edges needed to reach t.

This is reminiscent of the concept of "minimum number of edges to delete to increase the distance" which can be solved by min-cut in a layered graph where each layer corresponds to the number of selected edges used so far, and free edges allow staying in same layer. That's exactly our layered graph model.

So we are back to the layered graph model. Now, we need to compute the minimum number of selected edges (i.e., cost) such that in the layered graph with appropriate arcs (stay for non-selected, increment for selected), there is no path from (s,0) to any (t,c) for c<D. This is a classic "minimum cut" problem in a graph where we have to choose for each original edge which set of arcs to include. This can be transformed into a minimum cut problem in a larger graph by introducing a node for each original edge with capacity 1, and connecting the layers appropriately.

I recall a known technique for the "minimum number of edges to delete to increase the shortest path length" uses a similar construction and reduces to a min-cut. For that problem, you have to delete edges (remove them entirely) to ensure no short path. That is simpler because you just decide to delete or not delete each edge, with cost 1 for deletion. Then you construct the layered graph with all arcs present (since if you don't delete, the edge is present as an arc that increases layer by 1? Actually, in that problem, each edge has length 1, so in the layered graph, an edge from u to v corresponds to an arc from (u,i) to (v,i+1). To delete an edge, you remove all its copies. Then you want to find the minimum number of edges to delete to disconnect (s,0) from (t, L-1). This is a standard min-cut in a graph where each original edge is represented by a node with capacity 1, and you connect (u,i) to edge-node to (v,i+1) with infinite capacity. Then the min cut gives the minimum number of edges to delete. That's a known reduction.

In our problem, we have two types of arcs: stay and increment. But we can perhaps transform it into a similar deletion problem by considering that we want to "delete" all low-layer paths. The difference is that for each edge, we have two possible behaviors, and we must choose one. This is like we have two parallel arcs between layers: one that stays, one that increments. We can decide to keep one and delete the other. The cost is 1 if we keep the increment and delete the stay; cost 0 if we keep the stay and delete the increment. We want to delete enough arcs (i.e., choose which to keep) so that there is no low-layer path. This is a "minimum cost cut" problem where each original edge gives us a choice between two arcs with different costs and different effects on connectivity.

We can model this as a minimum cut in a graph where we have a source and sink, and we have nodes representing the decision for each edge. This is similar to a "minimum cut with binary choice" which can be reduced to a standard min cut by adding a node for each edge with capacity 1, and connecting the two options with infinite capacity edges to enforce that at least one is cut? Let's try to design.

Let’s denote the layered graph vertices as V_layer = {(v,c) | v=1..N, c=0..D}. We'll have a source S = (1,0) and a sink T that collects all (N,c) for c=0..D-1. We'll add edges from each (N,c) (c<D) to T with infinite capacity.

Now, for each original edge e = (u,v), we need to decide whether to include the stay arcs (from (u,c) to (v,c) for all c) or the increment arcs (from (u,c) to (v,c+1) for c=0..D-1). We cannot include both. We want to choose which set to include to minimize the number of increment choices (cost) while ensuring S and T are disconnected.

We can think of starting with both sets present, and then we must delete one of the two sets for each edge. Deleting a set incurs a cost: deleting the stay set costs 1 (because we are effectively choosing increment), deleting the increment set costs 0 (choosing stay). However, we could also delete both? That would be even better for disconnection, but that would correspond to removing the edge entirely, which is not allowed. So we must ensure that for each edge, exactly one set is deleted. But maybe we can allow deleting both at extra cost? Not allowed. So we need to enforce that at least one set is kept? Actually, we need to keep exactly one set. But if we delete both, the edge is absent, which might help disconnection but is not a valid selection because the edge must exist (either as stay or increment). However, could we ever want to delete both? That would mean we don't use the edge at all, which is not permitted because the edge is present in the graph; we cannot remove it. The edge must be traversable, either with weight 0 or 1. So we must keep exactly one set. So the feasible solutions are those where for each edge, we keep exactly one of the two arc sets.

In a min-cut formulation, we typically model choices by having a node that can be cut at some cost, which then removes certain arcs. For each edge e, we could create a node e with capacity 1, and then connect the stay arcs through e in such a way that if we cut e (pay 1), we remove the stay arcs (i.e., we choose increment), otherwise we keep them. But we also need to handle the increment arcs: if we don't cut e, we keep stay arcs, but we also need to ensure that increment arcs are not present. So we need to also remove increment arcs when we keep stay. So we need a way to remove the increment arcs at zero cost when we choose stay. This suggests we need two decision variables per edge: one for stay, one for increment, with the constraint that exactly one is active. We can model this with a node that, when cut, selects one option.

A common technique for such "either-or" choices in min-cut is to use a node with capacity 1 and connect the two options with infinite capacity edges to enforce that at least one is cut, and then assign costs accordingly. For example, suppose we have two arcs A and B that we want to be able to remove by paying some costs, but we must remove at least one of them. We can create a node X with capacity 1, and connect A and B to X with infinite capacity edges in such a way that cutting X removes both? Not exactly.

Let's think differently: We can formulate the problem as a minimum cut in a graph where we have a source and sink, and we have edges with capacities representing the cost of cutting them. The cut will separate source from sink. The cut will include some edges (i.e., we cut them). The total capacity of cut edges is the cost. We want to design the graph so that any cut corresponds to a valid selection of which edges are increment, and the cut capacity equals the number of increment edges.

We can start with the layered graph that includes all possible arcs (both stay and increment). Then we add additional nodes and edges to enforce that for each original edge, at least one of the two arc sets must be cut (i.e., removed) because we cannot have both present. Moreover, we want the cost of cutting the stay arcs to be 1, and cutting the increment arcs to be 0. But we must cut exactly one set, not both. However, if we cut both sets, that would also satisfy the condition that at least one is cut, but it would incur cost 1 (for cutting stay) plus maybe 0 for increment? Actually, cutting increment arcs would cost 0, so cutting both would cost 1, same as cutting only stay. But is cutting both allowed? That would mean the edge is completely absent, which is not allowed. So we need to forbid cutting both. So we need to enforce that exactly one set is cut. However, maybe cutting both is never beneficial because it only helps disconnection and costs the same as cutting only stay (since cutting increment costs 0). But if cutting both is allowed, the min cut might choose to cut both for some edges if that helps disconnection at no extra cost (since increment cut costs 0). But that would correspond to deleting the edge entirely, which is not a valid selection. However, would that ever be necessary to achieve disconnection? Possibly, if keeping any version of the edge (either stay or increment) would create a low-layer path, then the only way to block that path might be to delete the edge entirely. But our problem does not allow deleting edges; we must keep the edge either as stay or increment. So we must forbid the option of deleting both. So we need to enforce that for each edge, exactly one of the two arc sets is present.

Thus, we need a min-cut formulation that enforces that for each edge e, we cannot cut both sets. This is a "choice" constraint: we must choose exactly one of the two sets to keep. In min-cut, we can model such choices by using a node with capacity 1 and connecting the two options with infinite capacity edges in opposite directions? There is a known construction for "minimum cut with mutual exclusion" using a node that, if cut, selects one option. For example, to model a variable that can be either 0 or 1, we create two edges from source to a node and from node to sink with capacities representing costs, and the cut will choose one side. That's typical for binary labeling in graph cuts (e.g., in image segmentation). Indeed, the min-cut formulation can represent binary decision variables with costs for assigning 0 or 1, and also pairwise terms. Here we have a global constraint that for each edge e, we must choose exactly one of two sets of arcs to be present. This is like a binary variable x_e (1 if increment, 0 if stay). The cost is x_e. The connectivity condition is that there is no path from S to T in the graph where arcs are present according to x_e. This is a kind of "network design" where we choose which arcs to keep.

We can think of it as: we have a base graph that includes all arcs, but we have the ability to "disable" arcs by cutting them at some cost. However, we must disable exactly one of the two sets for each edge. This is similar to a "minimum cut" problem where we have to cut a set of arcs such that after removal, S and T are disconnected, and we have constraints that for each edge e, we must cut either all stay arcs or all increment arcs (but not both). The cost of cutting stay arcs is 1, cutting increment arcs is 0.

We can model this as a minimum cut in a graph where we replace each original edge e with a gadget that has two parallel "channels": one for stay, one for increment, and we must cut one of them. The gadget could be: a node e with capacity 1, and then we route the stay arcs through e in such a way that if e is not cut, the stay arcs are present; if e is cut, the stay arcs are removed. For the increment arcs, we want them present only if e is cut? Actually, if x_e=1 (increment), we want stay arcs removed and increment arcs present. If x_e=0, we want stay arcs present and increment arcs removed. So we can design the gadget so that cutting e (pay 1) enables increment arcs and disables stay arcs; not cutting e (pay 0) enables stay arcs and disables increment arcs. This can be done by having the stay arcs pass through e in a way that they are blocked if e is cut, and the increment arcs are blocked if e is not cut.

Specifically, for each original edge e = (u,v), we create a node e (call it e_node). We'll have arcs in the layered graph:

- For each layer c (0..D), we want an arc from (u,c) to (v,c) if stay is enabled.
- For each layer c (0..D-1), we want an arc from (u,c) to (v,c+1) if increment is enabled.

We can implement these by routing through e_node with appropriate connections.

Consider the stay arcs: We can create arcs from (u,c) to e_node, and from e_node to (v,c). If e_node is not cut (i.e., not on the source side of the cut?), we need these arcs to be functional. In min-cut, arcs are present unless they are cut (i.e., their tail is on source side and head on sink side). So to make an arc "removable" by cutting e_node, we can make e_node a node that, if placed on the sink side, breaks the connection? Actually, in min-cut, we assign each node to either source side or sink side. Arcs from source side to sink side are cut. So if we want an arc to be present only if a certain condition holds, we can route it through a node that we can assign to source or sink at a cost. For example, if we have an arc from A to B that we want to be present only if we pay cost 1, we can insert a node X between A and B, with an infinite capacity edge from A to X and from X to B, and then add an edge from source to X with capacity 1 (or from X to sink) to allow cutting X at cost 1. Actually, the standard construction for a binary variable is: to have an edge that can be removed at cost c, you just give that edge capacity c. But here we have a set of arcs (multiple layers) that we want to remove collectively at cost 1 (if we choose increment) or 0 (if we choose stay). So we need a way to remove a whole set of arcs at a given cost.

We can use node splitting: For each original edge e, create a node e. Then, for each stay arc (u,c)->(v,c), we replace it with two arcs: (u,c) -> e with infinite capacity, and e -> (v,c) with infinite capacity. Similarly, for each increment arc (u,c)->(v,c+1), we replace with (u,c) -> e' maybe? But we need two separate decision nodes? Actually, we need to decide between two sets. We could have two nodes: e_stay and e_inc, with a constraint that exactly one is "active". But perhaps we can use a single node e with capacity 1, and design the connections so that if e is on the source side, stay arcs are present and increment arcs are absent; if e is on the sink side, increment arcs are present and stay arcs are absent. This can be achieved by using the direction of edges relative to the cut.

Recall: In a min-cut, each node is assigned to either the source side (S) or the sink side (T). Arcs from S to T are cut and contribute capacity. So we can design the gadget such that the assignment of e to S or T determines which arcs are functional.

For example, suppose we want stay arcs to be present only if e is in S, and increment arcs present only if e is in T. Then we can set up arcs as follows:

- For stay: connect (u,c) to e, and e to (v,c). If e is in S, then both (u,c) and e are in S (assuming (u,c) might be in S or T depending on cut). Actually, we need to ensure that the path (u,c)->e->(v,c) is traversable only if both arcs are not cut. An arc is cut only if its tail is in S and head in T. So for the path to be usable, we need that there is no cut on these arcs. If we want the stay path to be usable when e is in S, we can set up the connections such that when e is in S, the arcs are not cut; when e is in T, they are cut. How to achieve that? Consider arc from (u,c) to e. If (u,c) is in S and e is in T, then this arc is cut. If both are in S, not cut. If (u,c) in T and e in S, not cut (since tail in T, head in S, that's not from S to T). Actually, cut only counts arcs from S to T. So arcs from T to S are not cut. So the condition for an arc to be "blocked" (i.e., not usable) is not simply being cut; in the residual graph after cut, arcs from T to S are still present? Wait, in the min-cut problem, we are finding a set of edges to remove (cut) that separate source from sink. The cut is defined as the set of edges from S (source side) to T (sink side). After removing those edges, there is no path from source to sink. However, edges from T to S are not removed; they remain, but they go from sink side to source side, which doesn't help connectivity from source to sink because you can't go from source to a node in T and then back to S? Actually, you could go from source (in S) to a node in T via an edge from S to T, but those are cut. If there is an edge from T to S, you could go from source to some node in S, then? To use a T->S edge, you would need to be in T first, but you can't get to T because all S->T edges are cut. So T->S edges are irrelevant for source-sink connectivity. So in the residual graph after cut, only edges that are not from S to T remain. So edges from T to S are still present but they don't create a path from source to sink because you can't reach T from S. So effectively, the graph after cut consists of all edges except those from S to T. So for an edge to be usable in a path from source to sink, it must not be cut, i.e., its tail must be in S and head in S, or tail in T and head in T, or tail in T and head in S? Actually, if tail in T and head in S, that edge goes from T to S. Can source reach tail in T? No, because source is in S, and to get to T you need an S->T edge, which are cut. So source cannot reach any node in T. Therefore, any edge with tail in T is unreachable from source. So only edges with both endpoints in S are reachable from source and can be used in a path that stays within S. But since sink is in T (by definition of cut separating source and sink), any path from source to sink must eventually cross from S to T. That crossing must use an edge from S to T, which are cut. So after cut, there is no path. So the cut ensures disconnection.

Now, for our gadget, we want to model the presence or absence of arcs based on the assignment of e. We want that if we assign e to S, then stay arcs are "enabled" (i.e., they can be used in paths that stay within S, but they might also be used to cross to T? Actually, we need to consider the overall connectivity from source to sink. The source is (1,0). The sink is T (super-sink connected from (N,c) for c<D). We'll assign nodes to sides based on min-cut. The min-cut will choose a partition to minimize capacity of edges from S to T. The capacity of edges we assign will represent costs for certain choices.

We can design the network such that for each original edge e, we have a node e. We connect (u,c) to e with infinite capacity, and e to (v,c) with infinite capacity for stay arcs. Similarly, for increment arcs, we connect (u,c) to e with infinite capacity, and e to (v,c+1) with infinite capacity? But that would mix both types through the same node e, and both would be present regardless of e's assignment? Not good.

We need two separate sets of connections that are mutually exclusive based on e's side. A common technique is to use two nodes: e0 and e1, with an edge between them of infinite capacity to enforce that they are on opposite sides? Actually, to model a binary choice with costs, we can create a node for each edge and connect it to source or sink with capacities representing the cost of choosing that side. For example, in image segmentation, to assign a binary label to a pixel, you add an edge from source to pixel with capacity cost of labeling 0, and from pixel to sink with capacity cost of labeling 1. Then in the min-cut, if the pixel is on source side, the edge from source to pixel is not cut (since both source and pixel in S), but the edge from pixel to sink is cut (pixel in S, sink in T) and contributes its capacity. So the cut cost includes the cost of assigning label 1 if pixel is on source side? Wait, typical construction: For a binary variable x, we want to minimize cost(x) where cost(0)=a, cost(1)=b. We add edge from source to node with capacity a, and from node to sink with capacity b. Then if node is on source side (x=0), the edge source->node is not cut (both in S), but node->sink is cut (S->T) and contributes b, so total cost b, which is cost(1) not cost(0). That's opposite. Actually, the standard is: if node is on source side, we consider it as label 0, and the cut includes the edge node->sink with capacity cost(1). So the cut cost includes cost of the opposite label. To get cost(0) when node is on source side, we would set edge source->node capacity = cost(0) and node->sink capacity = cost(1). Then if node is on source side, edge source->node is not cut, node->sink is cut, so cost incurred = cost(1). That's not cost(0). So the cut cost equals cost of the label not assigned. To fix, we can swap: assign source side = label 1, sink side = label 0, then cut cost = cost of label 0 when node is on source side? Let's derive properly.

We have a source s and sink t. We want to assign each node v a label in {0,1}. If v is on s side, we say label 0; if on t side, label 1. Then edges from s to v with capacity cost1 (cost for label 1) and from v to t with capacity cost0 (cost for label 0). Then if v is on s side (label 0), edge s->v is not cut (both s and v in S), but edge v->t is cut (v in S, t in T) and contributes cost0. So cut includes cost0, which is the cost for label 0. Good. If v is on t side (label 1), edge s->v is cut (s in S, v in T) contributes cost1, and edge v->t not cut. So cut includes cost1. So the cut cost equals the cost of the assigned label. That's the standard construction: source side = label 0, sink side = label 1; edges: s->v capacity cost(label 1), v->t capacity cost(label 0). Wait, check: For label 0 (v in S), we want cost0 incurred. In the cut, edge v->t is cut, capacity cost0 -> incurred. For label 1 (v in T), edge s->v is cut, capacity cost1 -> incurred. So yes, that works if we set s->v capacity = cost(label 1) and v->t capacity = cost(label 0). So the capacities are swapped relative to the label.

Thus, we can model each edge e as a binary variable x_e (1 if increment, 0 if stay). We want to minimize sum x_e (since cost of increment is 1, stay is 0). So cost(0)=0, cost(1)=1. Using the construction, we would add a node e. Connect source to e with capacity cost(label 1) = 1, and connect e to sink with capacity cost(label 0) = 0. But capacity 0 edges can be omitted. So we add edge from source to e with capacity 1. Then, if e is on source side (label 0, i.e., stay), the edge source->e is not cut (both in S), so no cost; if e is on sink side (label 1, increment), the edge source->e is cut, incurring cost 1. That matches: cost incurred when e is increment. Good.

Now, we also need to enforce that the connectivity of the layered graph depends on the label of e. Specifically, if e is stay (label 0), then the stay arcs should be present and increment arcs absent. If e is increment (label 1), then increment arcs present and stay arcs absent. We need to model this in the flow network such that the min-cut's separation of source and sink corresponds to the condition that after removing cut edges (which are those from S to T), the remaining graph (with edges not from S to T) does not contain a path from source (1,0) to sink T. But we also have the decision nodes e. The presence of arcs should be determined by which side e is on.

We can achieve this by routing the stay and increment arcs through e in such a way that they are only usable if e is on the appropriate side. For example, for stay arcs, we want them to be usable only if e is on source side (label 0). For increment arcs, usable only if e is on sink side (label 1). In the min-cut framework, after we decide a cut (assignment of nodes to S or T), the effective graph consists of all edges that are not from S to T. So we can design the connections so that:

- For stay: we create arcs from (u,c) to e and from e to (v,c). If e is on source side, then these arcs might be usable depending on the sides of (u,c) and (v,c). But we need to ensure that if e is on sink side, these arcs are effectively disabled (i.e., they cannot be part of a path from source to sink). How can we disable them? If e is on sink side, then the arc from (u,c) to e: if (u,c) is in S and e in T, then this arc is from S to T, so it is cut (removed). That would prevent using it. If (u,c) is in T, then (u,c) is unreachable from source anyway. So effectively, if e is in T, the arc (u,c)->e is either cut (if (u,c) in S) or irrelevant (if (u,c) in T). Similarly, the arc e->(v,c): if e is in T and (v,c) in S, then this arc is from T to S, which is not cut, but could it be used? To use e->(v,c), we need to reach e first. If e is in T, can source reach e? Only if there is a path from source to e that doesn't cross a cut edge. But if e is in T, then any path from source (in S) to e must cross an S->T edge at some point, which would be cut. So e is unreachable from source. Therefore, arcs from e to (v,c) are irrelevant because e is unreachable. So indeed, if e is in T, the stay arcs are effectively disabled because e is unreachable. Conversely, if e is in S, then e is reachable from source (provided (u,c) are reachable), and arcs from e to (v,c) are from S to S (if (v,c) also in S) or from S to T? If (v,c) is in T, then e->(v,c) would be an S->T edge, which would be cut, preventing that transition. But we need to consider the overall connectivity: we want that if e is in S (stay), then the stay arcs should be usable to move from (u,c) to (v,c) without increasing layer, but only if both (u,c) and (v,c) are in S? Actually, for a path from source to sink, we need to eventually reach sink T. The sink T is a super-sink that we will place in T side (by definition, sink is always in T). So any node that can reach the sink must be in T? Not necessarily; nodes in S can have edges to T that are cut, so they cannot reach sink. So to have a path from source to sink, there must be a sequence of nodes where eventually we cross from S to T via an edge that is not cut? Wait, in the min-cut, we are cutting edges to separate source and sink. The cut we compute is a set of edges whose removal disconnects source from sink. In the min-cut problem, we are looking for a cut of minimum capacity. The cut defines a partition (S,T) with source in S, sink in T. The edges from S to T are the cut edges. After removing those edges, there is no path from source to sink. So in the residual graph, there is no path. Therefore, if we design our network such that the only way to have a path from source to sink is if certain conditions hold, then the min-cut will cut edges to break those paths. The cost of the cut includes the capacities of edges we cut, which correspond to our decision costs.

Thus, we don't need to explicitly "disable" arcs based on e's side; rather, we need to ensure that the existence of a path from source to sink in the network (before cutting) depends on the assignment of e. Then the min-cut will cut some edges (including possibly the source->e edges) to break all paths. The min-cut will choose an assignment of e to S or T (by cutting or not cutting the source->e edge) that minimizes total cut capacity while ensuring source and sink are separated. This assignment corresponds to choosing x_e. The cut will also include other edges (like infinite capacity edges) if needed to break paths, but those have infinite capacity, so they won't be cut unless necessary; they enforce constraints.

So we need to build a network where there is a path from source to sink if and only if there exists an s-t path in the original graph with fewer than D selected edges, given the choices x_e. Then the min-cut must cut enough edges (including possibly the source->e edges) to break all such paths. The min-cut capacity will be the minimum total cost of choosing x_e (i.e., number of increment edges) to ensure no low-layer path exists. That's exactly f(D).

Thus, we can construct a flow network as follows:

- Create nodes for each (v,c) for v=1..N, c=0..D.
- Source = (1,0). Sink = a super-sink T. Connect each (N,c) for c=0..D-1 to T with infinite capacity (or a large number, say INF).
- For each original edge e = (u,v):
   - Create a node e (call it e_node).
   - Add an edge from source to e_node with capacity 1. (This represents the cost if we choose increment, i.e., e_node on sink side.)
   - Now, we need to model the two types of transitions:
        * Stay transition: from (u,c) to (v,c) for each c=0..D. We want this transition to be available only if e is stay (i.e., e_node on source side). To achieve this, we can route the stay transition through e_node such that it is usable only when e_node is on source side.
        * Increment transition: from (u,c) to (v,c+1) for c=0..D-1. We want this available only if e is increment (e_node on sink side).

   How to route? For stay: add edges from (u,c) to e_node with infinite capacity, and from e_node to (v,c) with infinite capacity. For increment: add edges from (u,c) to e_node with infinite capacity? That would conflict because both types would go through the same e_node, and then e_node's side would affect both. We need separate handling. Perhaps we can use two different nodes: e_stay and e_inc, with a constraint that exactly one is active. But we can also use the same node with different connections that are sensitive to side.

Consider using the direction of edges relative to the cut. For stay, we want the path (u,c) -> e_node -> (v,c) to be usable only if e_node is on source side. As argued earlier, if e_node is on source side, then (u,c) -> e_node is not cut if (u,c) is also on source side; but if (u,c) is on sink side, then (u,c) is unreachable. So effectively, the path is usable only if both (u,c) and e_node are on source side and (v,c) is also on source side? Actually, for the path to be usable from source to sink, we need to be able to go from source to (u,c) (which will be in S if reachable), then to e_node (in S), then to (v,c) (in S), and so on. If at any point we need to cross to T, that would require an S->T edge, which would be cut. So the path can only stay within S until the final step to sink. The sink is in T, so eventually we need an edge from some node in S to T (like (N,c) -> T). That edge will be cut if we include it? Wait, (N,c) -> T is an edge we add. In the min-cut, if (N,c) is in S and T is in T, then that edge is from S to T, so it would be cut. But we want to allow the possibility of reaching sink if there is a low-layer path. Actually, we want the network to have a path from source to sink exactly when there is a low-layer path in the original graph with the chosen x_e. So we need to allow that path to exist in the network before cutting. Then the min-cut will cut edges to break it. So we should not pre-cut the (N,c)->T edges; they should be present and have infinite capacity, meaning they cannot be cut (since cutting them would cost infinite, so min-cut will avoid cutting them). Therefore, in any feasible cut that separates source and sink, the (N,c) nodes must be in T (sink side) because if any (N,c) were in S, then the edge (N,c)->T would be from S to T and would be cut, incurring infinite cost, which is not allowed in a finite capacity cut. So to avoid infinite cost, the min-cut must ensure that all (N,c) are in T. Similarly, the source (1,0) must be in S. So the partition will have S containing source and possibly some other nodes, and T containing sink and all (N,c) (since otherwise infinite cost). This is typical.

Now, for a stay transition: we add edges (u,c) -> e_node (inf) and e_node -> (v,c) (inf). If e_node is in S, then these edges are not cut as long as the adjacent nodes are also in S. If e_node is in T, then the edge (u,c)->e_node: if (u,c) is in S, this edge is S->T, so it would be cut (removed). If (u,c) is in T, then (u,c) is unreachable from source. So effectively, if e_node is in T, the stay transition is disabled because either the edge is cut or e_node unreachable. So this correctly models that stay is only enabled when e_node is in S.

For increment transition: we want it enabled only when e_node is in T. How to model that? We could add edges (u,c) -> e_node (inf) and e_node -> (v,c+1) (inf) as well, but that would be the same as stay, which would be enabled when e_node is in S, not T. So we need a different mechanism. Perhaps we can use the opposite direction: add edges from (u,c) to e_node with infinite capacity, and from e_node to (v,c+1) with infinite capacity, but also add an edge from source to e_node with capacity 1 (already). That doesn't change the side dependency. The side dependency for a path through e_node is that e_node must be reachable from source, which requires e_node to be in S (since source is in S). If e_node is in T, it's not reachable from source. So any path that goes through e_node requires e_node to be in S. Therefore, with the current construction, both stay and increment would only be usable if e_node is in S. That's not what we want; we want increment usable when e_node is in T.

Thus, we need a way to make e_node reachable from source even when it is in T? That's impossible because source is in S, and to reach a node in T, you must cross an S->T edge, which would be cut. So e_node in T cannot be reached from source in the residual graph after cut. But we are considering the network before cut; the min-cut will decide which edges to cut. The existence of a path from source to sink in the original network (before cutting) is what we want to model based on x_e. The min-cut will cut edges to break all such paths. In the original network (with all edges present, including the source->e_node edges and the infinite edges), there will be paths regardless of e_node's side? Actually, e_node is just a node; it doesn't have a predetermined side before cut. The min-cut will assign it to S or T as part of the cut. The existence of a path from source to sink in the network is independent of the cut; it's a property of the graph. The min-cut finds a set of edges to remove to disconnect source from sink. The graph initially has all edges. So we need to design the graph such that the only way to disconnect source from sink with finite capacity is to assign e_node to a particular side (by cutting the source->e_node edge or not) and that assignment corresponds to x_e. Moreover, the graph should have the property that if we assign e_node to S (i.e., not cut source->e_node), then certain transitions are possible; if we assign e_node to T (i.e., cut source->e_node), then other transitions are possible. But the graph itself contains all edges; the cut will remove some edges (those from S to T). So the effective graph after removal depends on the partition.

So we need to design the edges such that, depending on whether e_node is in S or T, the effective connectivity (after removing S->T edges) corresponds to the appropriate set of transitions. In the effective graph after cut, edges from S to T are removed. So if we want a transition to be available only when e_node is in S, we can set it up so that the transition uses edges that are from S to S when e_node is in S, but would be from S to T or T to S when e_node is in T, thus being removed or unusable. For stay, we already have that: the path (u,c)->e_node->(v,c). If e_node is in S, then both edges are within S (provided (u,c) and (v,c) are also in S). If e_node is in T, then (u,c)->e_node is S->T (if (u,c) in S) and gets cut; also e_node->(v,c) is T->S (if (v,c) in S) which is not cut but e_node is unreachable. So stay is effectively disabled.

For increment, we want it enabled when e_node is in T. So we need a construction where the increment transition uses edges that are within T when e_node is in T, or something like that. Since source is in S, to use a transition that requires e_node in T, we need a way to reach e_node even though it's in T. That would require crossing from S to T at some point before e_node, which would involve an S->T edge that might be cut. However, we could design the increment transition to be usable without needing to go through e_node? Perhaps we can use a different gadget where the increment transition is directly from (u,c) to (v,c+1) but its availability is controlled by e_node's side via an edge that is cut if e_node is in S. For example, we could add an edge from (u,c) to (v,c+1) with infinite capacity, but then add an edge from e_node to that edge? Not straightforward.

Another approach: Use two nodes per edge: one for stay, one for increment, with a constraint that exactly one is chosen. This might be simpler.

Let's consider creating two nodes: e0 and e1, representing the choice of stay (0) and increment (1). We want exactly one of them to be "active" in the sense that the corresponding transitions are enabled. We can enforce that e0 and e1 are on opposite sides of the cut, with a cost for e1 being on sink side (or something). Actually, we can model the binary choice with two nodes and an edge between them of infinite capacity to force them to be on opposite sides? Not exactly.

We could use the standard construction for a binary variable with two nodes: create a node e, and then have two sets of arcs: one set that goes through e if e is in S, another set that goes through e if e is in T. But we already saw that going through e requires e to be in S to be reachable. So maybe we can use the complement: For increment, we can route through a node that is reachable only if e is in T. How can a node be reachable from source if it is in T? It can't, unless we allow crossing an S->T edge that is not cut. But in the cut, S->T edges are cut, so they are removed. So to have a node in T reachable, we would need an edge from S to T that is not cut, which contradicts the cut. So perhaps we should not rely on reachability of e_node from source; instead, we can make the increment transition available via edges that bypass e_node but are controlled by e_node's side through the cut of some other edges.

Idea: Use the fact that we can add edges from e_node to other nodes with infinite capacity, and the cut will remove edges from S to T. If e_node is in T, then edges from e_node to nodes in S are from T to S, which are not cut and could be used if e_node is reachable. But e_node is not reachable from source if it's in T. So that doesn't help.

Maybe we can reverse the direction: For increment, we could have edges from (u,c) to (v,c+1) directly, but we add an extra edge from e_node to (v,c+1) or something that blocks the path if e_node is in S. For example, we could make the increment path go through a node that is only passable if e_node is in T. Consider creating a node f_e that represents the increment option. We want the increment path to be usable only if f_e is in T. To make f_e reachable from source when it's in T, we could connect source to f_e with an edge of capacity 0? But source is in S, so if f_e is in T, the edge source->f_e would be S->T and would be cut (removed). So f_e would be unreachable. So that doesn't work.

Thus, the typical approach for such "either-or" choices in min-cut is to use the construction where the variable node is connected to source and sink with capacities representing costs, and the arcs that depend on the variable are implemented by adding edges that are cut when the variable is in a certain state. Specifically, for a binary variable x, we can add edges that are present only if x=0 by adding an edge from a node to the variable node with infinite capacity, such that if x=1 (variable on sink side), that edge becomes S->T and is cut, thus disabling the path. Conversely, for x=1, we can add edges that go from the variable node to somewhere, such that if x=0 (variable on source side), that edge becomes S->T and is cut. This is exactly what we did for stay: we had edges (u,c)->e and e->(v,c). For stay, we want it enabled when x=0 (e in S). That works because if x=1 (e in T), the edge (u,c)->e becomes S->T (if (u,c) in S) and is cut, disabling the path. For increment, we want it enabled when x=1 (e in T). So we need a construction where the path uses edges that become S->T when x=0, thus disabled, and are okay when x=1. How can we achieve that? If we reverse the direction of one of the edges, maybe we can get the desired effect.

Consider using edges: (u,c) -> (v,c+1) directly, but we add an intermediate node that is connected in such a way that the path is blocked if e is in S. For example, we could have an edge from (u,c) to some auxiliary node a, and from a to (v,c+1), and then connect e to a with an infinite capacity edge in a way that if e is in S, the edge e->a is from S to S (if a also in S) or something? Not clear.

Alternatively, we can use the following trick: For increment, we can route the path as (u,c) -> e (infinite), and then e -> (v,c+1) (infinite), but we also add an edge from source to e with capacity 1. In this setup, if e is in S, then the path (u,c)->e->(v,c+1) is possible (since e reachable). That would enable increment when e is in S, which is opposite of what we want. So we need to disable increment when e is in S. To disable it, we could add an extra edge that, when e is in S, creates a cut that blocks the path. For instance, we could add an edge from e to some node that must be crossed, but that seems messy.

Maybe we can use two nodes: e_stay and e_inc, with an edge between them of infinite capacity to enforce that they are on opposite sides. Then we can route stay through e_stay and increment through e_inc, and set costs such that choosing e_inc on sink side costs 1. Let's explore.

Create two nodes: A_e and B_e. We want to represent the choice: if we choose stay, then A_e is in S and B_e is in T; if we choose increment, then A_e is in T and B_e is in S. Or some assignment. We can enforce that they are on opposite sides by adding an infinite capacity edge from A_e to B_e (or both directions?) Actually, to force A_e and B_e to be on opposite sides, we can add an edge from A_e to B_e with infinite capacity. In a min-cut, if both were on the same side, that edge would not be cut (since it's not from S to T). If they are on opposite sides, say A_e in S, B_e in T, then the edge A_e->B_e is from S to T and would be cut, incurring infinite cost, which is not allowed. So to avoid infinite cost, they must not be on opposite sides with that direction. Wait, we need to think: We want to enforce that they are on opposite sides. The typical way to enforce that two nodes are on the same side is to add infinite capacity edges between them (both directions) because if they were on opposite sides, the edge from S to T would be cut, incurring infinite cost, which is prohibited. So to force same side, we add infinite edges both ways. To force opposite sides, we can add an infinite capacity edge from source to one and from the other to sink? Not straightforward.

Actually, we can use the source and sink connections to encode the choice. For a binary variable, we often use a single node with edges to source and sink. That's simpler. So maybe we should stick with one node e and find a way to make increment enabled when e is in T.

Let's reconsider the reachability argument. In the min-cut, after we cut edges, the effective graph consists of edges that are not from S to T. For a path from source (in S) to sink (in T), it must at some point cross from S to T via an edge that is not cut? Wait, all edges from S to T are cut, so there is no edge from S to T in the residual graph. Therefore, it is impossible to go from S to T. So how can there be a path from source to sink after cut? There isn't; that's the point. The min-cut finds a set of edges to remove so that no path exists. So in the residual graph, there is no path. So we don't need to worry about enabling paths based on e's side after cut; we need to ensure that before cut, the graph has paths that correspond to low-layer paths, and the cut will remove some edges (including possibly the source->e edges) to break them. The cut's capacity is the sum of capacities of edges we cut. We want the minimum capacity cut that separates source and sink. This cut will correspond to choosing some edges to cut (i.e., remove) such that after removal, source and sink are disconnected. The edges we can cut include the source->e edges (capacity 1) and possibly other edges (but we set them to infinite to prevent cutting them). So the min-cut will decide which source->e edges to cut (i.e., which e nodes to put in T) and also possibly cut some infinite edges? No, infinite edges won't be cut because that would give infinite cost, so they will not be cut. Therefore, the min-cut will assign each e node either to S (if source->e is not cut) or to T (if source->e is cut). The assignment of e to S or T determines which transitions are effectively present in the residual graph? But after cut, the residual graph has no S->T edges. However, the presence of transitions in the residual graph depends on the assignment of the endpoint nodes. For a stay transition using edges (u,c)->e and e->(v,c), if e is in S, then both edges are within S (provided (u,c) and (v,c) are also in S). If e is in T, then (u,c)->e is S->T (if (u,c) in S) and is cut, so that edge is removed. Also e->(v,c) is T->S (if (v,c) in S) but e is unreachable, so it doesn't matter. So in the residual graph, stay transitions are only possible if e is in S. Good.

For increment, we want them to be possible only if e is in T. How can we make increment transitions possible when e is in T? If e is in T, then e is not reachable from source because to reach e we would need an S->T edge, which are all cut. So any path that goes through e is impossible. Therefore, we cannot have increment transitions that go through e when e is in T. So we need a different construction where increment transitions do not require going through e when e is in T, but are instead directly present but can be blocked when e is in S.

Maybe we can reverse the direction of the increment path: Instead of going through e, we can have the increment path be a direct edge from (u,c) to (v,c+1), but we add an extra edge from e to (v,c+1) that blocks it when e is in S? Not sure.

Consider using the concept of "node deletion" rather than edge deletion. If we could delete nodes, we could model the choice by deleting the stay node or increment node. But we are cutting edges.

Another idea: Use the fact that we can have edges with capacity 0 (i.e., not present) or infinite. Perhaps we can model the choice by having two parallel edges between (u,c) and (v,c+1): one that is always present, and one that is present only if e is in T, but we can control that by adding an edge from e to something that, if e is in S, creates a cut that removes the always present edge? This is getting complicated.

Let's step back. Maybe there is a simpler way to compute f(D) without min-cut. Since N is only 30, we could use integer programming with branch and bound, but we need an efficient algorithm. Another thought: Since M ≤ 100, we could use a brute force search over all subsets of edges of size up to K? But K can be up to 100, so not possible.

But maybe we can use the fact that f(D) is monotonic in D and D ≤ K ≤ 100, so we could try to compute f(D) for each D by solving a minimum cut in a different graph that directly models the condition "every s-t path has at least D selected edges". I recall a known result: The minimum number of edges to select so that every s-t path contains at least D selected edges is equal to the minimum size of a D-edge cut in the line graph? Or something like that.

Let's try to derive a cut-based condition. For a set S, consider the graph where we contract all vertices that are connected by paths of non-selected edges. Then the contracted graph has only selected edges. The condition that every s-t path has at least D selected edges means that in the contracted graph, the shortest path distance (in number of edges) from the component containing s to the component containing t is at least D. This is equivalent to saying that in the contracted graph, there is no path of length less than D. That means that the contracted graph has edge-connectivity at least D? Not exactly; it means the distance is at least D, which is a different property.

If we think of the contracted graph as a DAG? Not necessarily acyclic.

Maybe we can use the concept of "minimum number of edges to hit all s-t paths at least D times" is equal to the minimum over all collections of D edge-disjoint s-t paths of the sum of their lengths? No.

Given the difficulty, perhaps we can solve the original problem directly using BFS on state space of (vertex, number of selected edges used) but with the selection variable? That would be a kind of two-player game? Could use dynamic programming over subsets? Not.

Another angle: Since N is small (30), we could use the fact that the number of possible s-t paths might be limited? But in a directed graph with 30 vertices and 100 edges, the number of paths could be exponential.

Maybe we can use integer linear programming solved via max flow with branch and bound on the variables x_e. Since M=100, we could use a branch-and-cut approach, but implementing from scratch is heavy.

But perhaps the problem expects a solution using min-cut with node duplication and the "minimum cut" approach I was trying to develop. Let's search memory: I recall an AtCoder problem (maybe ABC 257 Ex?) that is similar: "You are given a directed graph, choose K edges to set weight 1, others 0, maximize shortest path". I think I've seen something like this. Let's think: AtCoder has a problem "Shortest Path on a Line" but that's different. Maybe it's from JOI? The constraints N ≤ 30, M ≤ 100 suggest that a DP over subsets of vertices might be feasible if we use meet-in-the-middle? 2^15 = 32768, but 2^30 is 1e9, too large.

But maybe we can use the fact that the graph is directed and we only care about s-t distance, which can be computed via BFS in the 0-1 weight graph. The selection of which edges are 1 influences the distance. We could treat this as a kind of "bottleneck" problem that can be solved by binary search on D and then checking feasibility via max flow with lower bounds? Let's attempt to formulate feasibility as a flow problem with node capacities.

We need to decide x_e ∈ {0,1}, sum x_e = K, such that min_{P} ∑_{e∈P} x_e ≥ D. This is equivalent to: there is no path with ∑ x_e ≤ D-1. So we want to avoid paths with total weight ≤ D-1. This is like a "shortest path" constraint.

Consider constructing a new graph where we have D copies of each vertex, representing how many selected edges have been used so far. As before, we have transitions: if x_e=0, from (u,c) to (v,c); if x_e=1, from (u,c) to (v,c+1). We want that there is no path from (1,0) to (N,c) for c < D. This is a reachability condition.

Now, we can think of this as a problem of selecting x_e to make certain states unreachable. This is similar to a "minimum cut" in a graph where we have a source and sink and we can pay to remove transitions. There is a known technique: For each edge e, we can create a gadget that allows flow to go from (u,c) to (v,c) with cost 0, or from (u,c) to (v,c+1) with cost 1, and we want to find the minimum cost to ensure that the minimum cut between source and sink is at least something? Hmm.

Wait, maybe we can reverse the perspective: Instead of choosing x_e to maximize the shortest path, we can think of the adversary choosing a path to minimize the number of selected edges. We want to choose x_e to maximize that minimum. This is a classic "maximin" problem that can be solved via linear programming duality if we allow fractional x_e, but we have integer constraints. However, the integrality gap might be small? But we saw a gap (2 vs 3) in sample 2. So not.

Given N=30, maybe we can use the fact that the number of vertices is small to apply a "minimum cut" in the state space of subsets of vertices? Not.

Another idea: Since M ≤ 100, we could use a brute force over all possible distances D (0..K) and for each D, solve a SAT or ILP using a solver? Not allowed.

Maybe we can use a BFS-like algorithm that computes, for each vertex, the minimum number of selected edges needed to reach it from 1, given a selection S. But we need to choose S.

Wait, perhaps we can think of the problem as: we want to maximize the shortest path distance, which is the minimum over paths of the number of selected edges. This is equivalent to: we want to choose S to maximize the value of the following: the length of the shortest path in the graph where edges in S have weight 1 and others 0. This is like we want to assign weights to edges (0/1) with exactly K ones to maximize the shortest path distance. This can be seen as a "bottleneck" version of the "minimum cut" problem? Actually, the shortest path distance with 0/1 weights is equal to the minimum number of 1-edges on a path. This is also equal to the minimum over all s-t cuts of the number of 1-edges crossing the cut? Not exactly, but there is a relation: For any cut (U,V) with s in U, t in V, any s-t path must cross the cut at least once. So the number of 1-edges on a path is at least the number of 1-edges crossing that cut that the path uses, but the path could cross the cut multiple times. However, the minimum over paths of the number of 1-edges is at least the minimum over cuts of the number of 1-edges crossing the cut? Actually, consider a cut C. Any s-t path must include at least one edge from C. So the minimum number of 1-edges on a path is at least the minimum over cuts of the number of 1-edges in that cut? No, because a path could cross the cut at an edge that is 0, even if the cut contains many 1-edges. The path chooses which edge to cross. So the minimum over paths of the number of 1-edges is at least the minimum over cuts of the minimum number of 1-edges among edges crossing that cut? That seems messy.

Maybe we can use the concept of "minimum cut" in a graph where each edge has capacity 1 if selected, 0 otherwise, and the max flow from s to t equals the minimum number of selected edges on a path? No, max flow equals min cut capacity, which is the minimum over cuts of the number of selected edges crossing the cut. That is not the same as the minimum number of selected edges on a path. For example, in sample 2, min cut capacity (with selected edges as capacity) if we select edges 1,2,4 (S), then capacities: (1,2)=1, (1,3)=1, (3,2)=0, (2,4)=1. The min cut? Consider cut ({1}, {2,3,4}): crossing edges (1,2) and (1,3) both capacity 1, so cut capacity 2. Cut ({1,2,3}, {4}): crossing edge (2,4) capacity 1, so cut capacity 1. So min cut capacity =1. But the shortest path distance is 2. So min cut capacity is less than distance. So not equal.

Thus, that approach doesn't work.

Given the difficulty, maybe there is a simpler solution: Since N is small, we can use dynamic programming over subsets of vertices to compute the minimum number of selected edges needed to achieve a given distance? Let's think about the structure of the optimal selection. Perhaps the optimal strategy is to select edges that form a "cut" in a layered sense. For maximizing the shortest path, we might want to select edges that are "close" to the source or sink to force any path to go through many selected edges. This resembles the problem of finding the "minimum number of edges to delete to increase the distance", which can be solved by min-cut in a time-expanded network. And our problem is similar but with a twist: instead of deleting edges, we are making them costly. However, making an edge costly is like deleting it from the perspective of low-cost paths? Actually, if we set an edge to weight 1, it doesn't block the path; it just adds cost. But to force a path to have at least D cost, we need to ensure that any path that tries to avoid cost is impossible. That is exactly the same as deleting all edges that are weight 0? Not exactly.

Consider the set of edges we set to 1. If we remove all edges that are 0, then the remaining graph has only weight-1 edges, and the distance would be the number of edges on the path (since all edges weight 1). But we are not removing 0-edges; they are still there and can be used for free. So the adversary will try to use as many 0-edges as possible. So to force a high cost, we need to make it impossible to construct a path using few 1-edges. That is like we need to "cover" all low-cost paths.

This is analogous to the problem of "minimum number of edges to delete to ensure that the shortest path (in terms of number of edges) is at least D", but with the twist that we can keep edges but make them costly. However, if we think of the 0-edges as "free" and 1-edges as "blocked" in terms of cost, then a path with cost < D corresponds to a path that uses fewer than D blocked edges. If we consider the graph where we delete all 1-edges, then a path with 0 cost would exist if there is a path using only 0-edges. So to prevent cost 0, we need to ensure that the subgraph of 0-edges has no s-t path. That's a cut. For cost 1, we need to ensure that even if we allow one 1-edge, there is no s-t path that uses exactly one 1-edge. That is like: for every 1-edge e, the subgraph of 0-edges should not have both a path from s to tail(e) and from head(e) to t. This is reminiscent of a "minimum edge cut that separates s and t in the graph after contracting 0-edges"? Actually, if we contract the 0-edges (i.e., consider the condensation of the graph formed by 0-edges), then the 1-edges become edges between these contracted components. Then the condition that there is no path with exactly one 1-edge means that in the contracted graph, there is no direct edge from the component containing s to the component containing t. Because a path with one 1-edge would correspond to s -> (0-edges) -> tail(e) -> e (1) -> head(e) -> (0-edges) -> t. After contracting 0-edges, tail(e) and head(e) are in some components. If s's component can reach tail(e)'s component via 0-edges? Actually, after contracting, the 0-edges within a component are free, so movement within a component is free. So the condition for a path with exactly one 1-edge is: there exists a 1-edge e from component A to component B such that s is in A (or can reach A via 0-edges) and t is in B (or can be reached from B via 0-edges). More precisely, after contracting 0-edges, we get a directed graph where nodes are strongly connected components (SCCs) of the 0-edge subgraph? But 0-edges may not be strongly connected; they form a directed graph. However, we can consider the reachability relation via 0-edges. Define an equivalence: vertices are equivalent if they are mutually reachable via 0-edges? Not necessary. For the purpose of moving from s to t using 0-edges, we only need forward reachability. So we can define the set of vertices reachable from s using only 0-edges, and the set of vertices that can reach t using only 0-edges. Then a path with exactly one 1-edge exists if there is a 1-edge from a vertex in the forward reachable set to a vertex in the backward reachable set. So to prevent paths with exactly one 1-edge, we must ensure that no 1-edge goes from the forward 0-reachable set to the backward 0-reachable set. This is a cut condition.

Similarly, for paths with two 1-edges, after contracting 0-edges, we need to ensure that there is no path of length 2 in the contracted graph from s's component to t's component. In general, the condition that every s-t path has at least D selected edges is equivalent to: in the graph obtained by contracting all 0-edges (i.e., taking the condensation of the subgraph of 0-edges), the shortest path distance (in terms of number of selected edges) from the component containing s to the component containing t is at least D. Because any path in the original graph can be compressed by replacing maximal 0-edge subpaths with a single step within the same component (since 0-edges are free). The compressed path will consist of alternating components and selected edges. The number of selected edges in the original path equals the number of selected edges in the compressed path. So the minimum number of selected edges on any s-t path equals the shortest path length in the contracted graph where each selected edge is an edge of weight 1 and vertices are the "0-components". However, the contracted graph depends on which edges are selected (since 0-edges are those not selected). So it's circular again.

But maybe we can think of selecting S as deciding which edges become 1, and the 0-edges are the complement. The contracted graph is defined based on S. This is complex.

Given the time, perhaps we can implement a solution using integer programming via brute force with branch and bound, leveraging the small N to reduce the search space. Since M=100, but we only need to choose K edges. Could we use a heuristic? No, we need exact.

Wait, maybe the problem can be solved by a simple greedy? Unlikely.

Let's search for known results: I recall a problem "Maximum Minimum Distance" from AtCoder ABC 274 F? Not sure. Another thought: Since N is only 30, we could use the "meet-in-the-middle" on the set of vertices? For example, we could enumerate all paths? The number of simple paths could be large, but maybe we can use the fact that the graph is directed and we can use DP over subsets to compute the minimum number of selected edges needed to achieve a certain distance? Not.

Another angle: We can treat the problem as a "bottleneck" assignment and use binary search on D, and for each D, we can formulate a 0-1 integer linear program and solve it using max flow with some additional constraints? Perhaps we can use the concept of "minimum cut" in a graph where we have D copies of each vertex and we ask for the minimum number of edges to "upgrade" to ensure that the min-cut between source and sink in that layered graph is at least 1? Not.

Let's try to design the min-cut network more carefully, using the idea of "node splitting with edge decisions" that is common in problems like "minimum weight feedback arc set" etc. There is a standard technique for problems where you have to choose one of two options for each edge with different costs and you want to disconnect source from sink. It involves creating a node for each edge, and connecting the layers through that node with two possible paths, and using infinite capacity edges to enforce that only one path is usable based on the side of the node. I think we can make it work with one node e and two sets of connections: one for stay, one for increment, but we need to ensure that when e is in S, stay is enabled and increment is disabled; when e is in T, increment is enabled and stay is disabled. We already have stay enabled when e in S. To disable increment when e in S, we can add an extra edge that, when e in S, creates a cut that blocks the increment path. For example, we could have the increment path go through e as well, but also require passing through an edge that is from e to some node that is forced to be in T when e in S? Let's think.

Suppose we set up increment as: (u,c) -> e (inf), and e -> (v,c+1) (inf). This would enable increment when e is in S (since e reachable). To disable it when e is in S, we could add an additional edge from e to some node that, if e is in S, would be cut and break the path? But the path would still exist if the edges are present. The only way to break it is to make one of the edges be from S to T when e is in S, so that it gets cut. For the increment path, we want it to be cut when e is in S. So we need that when e is in S, either (u,c)->e or e->(v,c+1) becomes an S->T edge. (u,c)->e: if e is in S, then both (u,c) and e are in S (assuming (u,c) reachable), so it's S->S, not cut. e->(v,c+1): if e in S and (v,c+1) in T, then this edge is S->T and would be cut. So if we can force (v,c+1) to be in T when e is in S, then the increment path would be cut. But (v,c+1) is a layer node; its side is determined by the cut. We cannot force it to be in T based on e. However, we could add an extra edge from e to (v,c+1) with infinite capacity, but also add an edge from source to e with capacity 1, and perhaps also add an edge from e to sink? Not.

Maybe we can use two nodes: e_s and e_t, with an edge from e_s to e_t of infinite capacity. Then we can route stay through e_s and increment through e_t. By connecting source to e_s with capacity 1 and e_t to sink with capacity 1, we can encode costs. Let's try.

Let's create two nodes for each original edge e: A_e and B_e. We want to represent the choice: if we choose stay, then A_e is in S and B_e is in T; if we choose increment, then A_e is in T and B_e is in S. We can enforce this by adding an infinite capacity edge from A_e to B_e. Why? If A_e and B_e are on the same side, the edge A_e->B_e is not cut (since both in S or both in T). If they are on opposite sides, say A_e in S, B_e in T, then A_e->B_e is S->T and would be cut, incurring infinite cost, which is not allowed. So to avoid infinite cost, they must be on the same side. That forces same side, not opposite. To force opposite, we could add an infinite capacity edge from source to A_e and from B_e to sink? Not.

Actually, to force opposite sides, we can use the source and sink connections. Suppose we connect source to A_e with capacity 1, and B_e to sink with capacity 1. Then if A_e is in S, source->A_e is not cut; if A_e is in T, source->A_e is cut, costing 1. Similarly, if B_e is in S, B_e->sink is cut (since B_e in S, sink in T), costing 1; if B_e in T, B_e->sink is not cut. So the total cost contributed by these two edges is 1 if exactly one of A_e, B_e is in T? Let's compute: If both in S: source->A_e not cut (0), B_e->sink is cut (1) => cost 1. Both in T: source->A_e cut (1), B_e->sink not cut (0) => cost 1. One in S, one in T: then source->A_e: if A_e in T, cut (1); if A_e in S, not cut (0). B_e->sink: if B_e in S, cut (1); if B_e in T, not cut (0). So total cost could be 0,1,2 depending. Specifically, if A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e 0, B_e->sink 0 => cost 0. If A_e in T, B_e in S: source->A_e 1, B_e->sink 1 => cost 2. So the minimum cost configuration for this pair is to have A_e in S, B_e in T, giving cost 0. That would force that configuration because min-cut minimizes cost. But we want to allow both configurations with appropriate costs: stay (x_e=0) should cost 0, increment (x_e=1) should cost 1. In the configuration A_e in S, B_e in T, cost 0. That could correspond to stay. In the configuration A_e in T, B_e in S, cost 2, which is too high. We want increment to cost 1. So maybe we can adjust capacities: set source->A_e capacity 1, and B_e->sink capacity 0? Then if A_e in T, cost 1; if B_e in S, cost 0. Then configuration A_e in S, B_e in T: cost 0 (stay). Configuration A_e in T, B_e in S: cost 1 (increment). That works! Because if A_e in T, source->A_e cut costs 1; B_e in S, B_e->sink is not cut because B_e in S, sink in T? Wait, B_e->sink: if B_e in S and sink in T, then this edge is from S to T, so it would be cut, incurring its capacity. If we set B_e->sink capacity 0, then cutting it costs 0. So total cost = 1. Good. If A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e not cut (0), B_e->sink: B_e in T, sink in T? Actually, sink is in T, so if B_e in T, then B_e->sink is T->T, not cut, cost 0. So total 0. So indeed, with source->A_e cap=1, B_e->sink cap=0, the cost is 0 for (A_e in S, B_e in T) and 1 for (A_e in T, B_e in S). That matches our desired costs if we map stay to (A_e in S, B_e in T) and increment to (A_e in T, B_e in S). We also need to ensure that these are the only feasible configurations; we must prevent other configurations like both in S or both in T. Both in S would give cost: source->A_e not cut (0), B_e->sink: B_e in S, sink in T => cut, capacity 0, so cost 0. That would also be cost 0, which is not allowed because it would correspond to an invalid selection (both stay and increment? Actually, both in S would mean both A_e and B_e on source side, which might enable both stay and increment transitions? We need to prevent that because we must choose exactly one behavior. So we need to enforce that A_e and B_e are on opposite sides. We can enforce opposite sides by adding an infinite capacity edge from A_e to B_e? Let's test: If we add an infinite capacity edge from A_e to B_e, then if A_e in S and B_e in T, that edge is S->T and would be cut, incurring infinite cost, which is not allowed. So that would forbid the desired configuration (A_e in S, B_e in T). If we add infinite edge from B_e to A_e, then A_e in S, B_e in T gives B_e->A_e is T->S, not cut, so allowed. But A_e in T, B_e in S gives B_e->A_e is S->T, cut infinite, not allowed. So adding infinite edge from B_e to A_e would force that A_e cannot be in T while B_e in S? Actually, we want both configurations: (A_e in S, B_e in T) and (A_e in T, B_e in S). With infinite edge from B_e to A_e, the configuration (A_e in S, B_e in T) is allowed (B_e->A_e is T->S, not cut). The configuration (A_e in T, B_e in S) would have B_e->A_e as S->T, cut infinite, not allowed. So that would only allow stay configuration. Not good.

If we add infinite edge from A_e to B_e, then (A_e in S, B_e in T) is forbidden (S->T infinite), while (A_e in T, B_e in S) is allowed (A_e->B_e is T->S, not cut). That would only allow increment configuration. So we need a way to allow both opposite-side configurations but forbid same-side. This can be done by adding two infinite capacity edges: one from A_e to B_e and one from B_e to A_e? That would make any cut that separates them (i.e., puts them on opposite sides) incur infinite cost because one of the directions will be from S to T. If they are on opposite sides, exactly one of the two directed edges will be from S to T (the one from the node in S to the node in T). So that would incur infinite cost, which is not allowed. Therefore, to avoid infinite cost, they must be on the same side. That forces same side, not opposite. So we cannot force opposite sides with directed infinite edges; we can only force same side.

Thus, forcing opposite sides is tricky. However, maybe we don't need to force opposite sides; we just need to ensure that the effective transitions correspond to the chosen behavior. If both A_e and B_e are in S, then both stay and increment might be enabled, which would be invalid because we would have both behaviors, which is not allowed (edge cannot be both stay and increment). But would that ever be beneficial? Having both enabled would only make it easier to have low-layer paths, so it would never help to achieve disconnection. Since we are trying to disconnect source from sink (i.e., prevent low-layer paths), having both enabled would only create more paths, making it harder to disconnect. Therefore, in a minimum cut, we would never choose a configuration that enables both, because that would require cutting more edges elsewhere to disconnect, potentially increasing cost. However, it might be that enabling both could allow us to avoid cutting some other edges? But enabling both adds more connectivity, so to disconnect we would need to cut other edges, which might have cost. Since we are minimizing cost, we would prefer to disable one of the behaviors if it helps. So the optimal cut will naturally choose a configuration where only one behavior is enabled, because enabling both only adds extra paths that would need to be cut elsewhere, potentially increasing cost. But is it always true that enabling both is never optimal? Possibly, but we need to be sure. Consider a scenario where enabling both could allow us to avoid cutting a costly edge elsewhere? But enabling both adds more paths, which might make it harder to disconnect, so we might need to cut additional edges. Since cutting edges costs, it's unlikely that enabling both would reduce total cost. However, there could be a situation where enabling both creates a path that uses an edge that we are already cutting for other reasons? Not sure. But typically in such min-cut formulations with choice, we rely on the fact that the optimal cut will not include both options because it's wasteful. But we need a rigorous guarantee. In many similar problems (e.g., minimum cut with node deletion costs), the construction with a single node and source/sink edges works without explicit mutual exclusion because the cut will naturally assign the node to one side to minimize cost, and the other side's transitions become disabled automatically. In our earlier attempt with a single node e, we had stay enabled when e in S, and increment enabled when e in S as well (since both go through e). That's the problem: both were enabled when e in S. When e in T, neither is enabled because e unreachable. So the configuration e in S enables both, e in T enables none. That's not what we want; we want either stay enabled or increment enabled, not both or none. So with one node, we cannot get the desired behavior.

Thus, we need two nodes to separate the two behaviors. Let's try with two nodes A_e and B_e, and we want: if we choose stay, then A_e in S, B_e in T; if we choose increment, then A_e in T, B_e in S. And we want to ensure that in the stay configuration, only stay transitions are enabled; in increment configuration, only increment transitions are enabled. We can route stay through A_e and increment through B_e. For stay: edges (u,c) -> A_e (inf), A_e -> (v,c) (inf). For increment: edges (u,c) -> B_e (inf), B_e -> (v,c+1) (inf). Now, we need to ensure that when A_e is in S and B_e in T (stay), the stay path is enabled (A_e reachable) and increment path is disabled (B_e unreachable because B_e in T). When A_e in T and B_e in S (increment), increment path enabled (B_e reachable) and stay path disabled (A_e unreachable). This works if we can enforce that exactly one of A_e, B_e is reachable from source. Reachability depends on their side: if a node is in S, it may be reachable; if in T, it's not reachable (since source in S). So in stay config (A_e in S, B_e in T), A_e is reachable, B_e not. In increment config (A_e in T, B_e in S), B_e reachable, A_e not. So good.

Now, we need to enforce that the cut chooses one of these two configurations and not both in S or both in T. Both in S would make both A_e and B_e reachable, enabling both stay and increment, which is invalid (edge would have both behaviors). Both in T would make neither reachable, effectively deleting the edge, which is also invalid. So we must discourage these configurations. We can discourage them by adding costs: we want stay config cost 0, increment config cost 1, and both in S or both in T should have higher cost so that min-cut avoids them. Let's see the cost contributions from source/sink edges.

We add edges: source -> A_e with capacity 1? and B_e -> sink with capacity 0? Wait, we need to assign costs such that:
- Stay config (A_e in S, B_e in T): cost 0.
- Increment config (A_e in T, B_e in S): cost 1.
- Both in S: cost ? (should be >=1, preferably >1 to be avoided)
- Both in T: cost ? (should be >=1)

We can add edges: source -> A_e with capacity 1, and source -> B_e with capacity ? Actually, we need to design so that the cut capacity equals the number of increment edges.

Let's denote the cut capacity contributed by e as C_e. We want C_e = 0 if stay, 1 if increment. Also, we want C_e >= 1 for invalid configurations, so they are not chosen if a valid configuration exists with lower cost.

We can use the following: Add edge from source to A_e with capacity 1. Add edge from source to B_e with capacity 1? Not sure.

Consider adding edges: source -> A_e (cap 1), and B_e -> sink (cap 1). Then compute cost for each configuration:
- A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e not cut (0), B_e->sink: B_e in T, sink in T => not cut (0) => total 0.
- A_e in T, B_e in S: source->A_e cut (1), B_e->sink: B_e in S, sink in T => cut (1) => total 2.
- Both in S: source->A_e not cut (0), B_e->sink cut (1) => total 1.
- Both in T: source->A_e cut (1), B_e->sink not cut (0) => total 1.

So stay config cost 0, increment config cost 2, both in S or both in T cost 1. That's not right; we want increment cost 1, not 2. Also both in S/T cost 1, which might be chosen over increment if increment is needed? But increment cost 2 is higher than both in S/T cost 1, so min-cut would prefer both in S or both in T over increment, which is not desired.

We can adjust capacities: source->A_e cap = 1, B_e->sink cap = 0. Then:
- A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e 0, B_e->sink: B_e in T, sink in T => not cut (0) => total 0.
- A_e in T, B_e in S: source->A_e cut 1, B_e->sink: B_e in S, sink in T => cut 0? Wait, B_e->sink capacity 0, so cutting it costs 0. So total 1.
- Both in S: source->A_e 0, B_e->sink: B_e in S, sink in T => cut 0 => total 0.
- Both in T: source->A_e cut 1, B_e->sink: B_e in T, sink in T => not cut 0 => total 1.

So now stay config cost 0, increment config cost 1, both in S cost 0, both in T cost 1. Both in S cost 0, which is even lower than increment, so min-cut would prefer both in S over increment. That's bad because both in S is invalid (enables both behaviors) but has lower cost. So we need to penalize both in S.

We can add an edge from A_e to B_e with infinite capacity? Let's see. If we add infinite edge from A_e to B_e, then in configuration both in S, A_e->B_e is S->S, not cut, no cost. So doesn't penalize. If we add infinite edge from B_e to A_e, both in S: B_e->A_e is S->S, no cost. So not penalized. To penalize both in S, we need an edge that becomes S->T when both are in S. That would require one of them to be in T. So not possible.

Maybe we can add an edge from source to B_e with capacity large? Let's try: source->A_e cap=1, source->B_e cap=1, B_e->sink cap=0. Then costs:
- A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e 0, source->B_e cut? B_e in T, source in S => source->B_e is S->T, cut, capacity 1 => cost 1. So total 1.
- A_e in T, B_e in S: source->A_e cut 1, source->B_e not cut (0) => total 1.
- Both in S: source->A_e 0, source->B_e 0 => total 0.
- Both in T: source->A_e cut 1, source->B_e cut 1 => total 2.
Now both in S cost 0, which is lowest, so min-cut would choose both in S, invalid.

We need to make both in S have cost at least 1, and both in T at least 1, while stay cost 0 and increment cost 1. So we need a way to add cost when both are in S. Perhaps we can add an edge from A_e to sink with capacity 1? Let's try: source->A_e cap=1, A_e->sink cap=1, B_e->sink cap=0. Then compute:
- A_e in S, B_e in T: source->A_e 0, A_e->sink: A_e in S, sink in T => cut 1 => total 1.
- A_e in T, B_e in S: source->A_e cut 1, A_e->sink: A_e in T, sink in T => not cut 0 => total 1.
- Both in S: source->A_e 0, A_e->sink cut 1 => total 1.
- Both in T: source->A_e cut 1, A_e->sink not cut 0 => total 1.
All cost 1, not good.

We need stay cost 0. So maybe we can have source->A_e cap=1, and also add an edge from B_e to A_e with infinite capacity to force that if B_e is in S then A_e must also be in S? That would push towards both in S, not desired.

Given the complexity, maybe there is a simpler method: Since N is only 30, we can use integer programming solved via brute force with branch and bound using BFS on the state space of selections? But M=100, too many.

Wait, maybe we can use the fact that the answer is at most the length of the longest path in terms of edges? Not.

Another thought: Since we only need to output the maximum possible shortest distance, maybe we can compute it via a max-flow min-cut on a graph where each edge has capacity 1 and we ask for the minimum number of edges to remove to increase the distance to D, and then relate that to our problem. There is known equivalence: Selecting K edges to have weight 1 to maximize the shortest path is equivalent to selecting K edges to delete to maximize the shortest path in terms of number of edges? Not exactly, but consider: If we set an edge to weight 1, it's like we are not deleting it, but making it costly. If we instead delete all edges that are not selected (i.e., keep only selected edges), then the shortest path distance in terms of number of edges (all weight 1) would be the minimum number of selected edges on a path? Actually, if we keep only selected edges, then any path consists solely of selected edges, so its length (number of edges) equals the number of selected edges on that path. The shortest path in that graph would be the minimum number of selected edges on a path that uses only selected edges. But in our original problem, paths can also use non-selected edges, which could reduce the count. So the distance in the selected-only graph is an upper bound on the distance in the original graph (since allowing extra edges can only decrease the minimum). So if we can force the selected-only graph to have a long shortest path, that doesn't guarantee the original distance is long because there might be a path mixing selected and non-selected edges with fewer selected edges. So not equivalent.

Maybe we can think of the problem as a "minimum cost to increase the shortest path" which can be solved by a min-cut in a graph where we have D copies and we ask for the minimum number of edges to "upgrade" to ensure that the min-cut between source and sink in the layered graph is at least 1? I'm stuck.

Let's search for known solutions online mentally. I recall a Codeforces problem "Maximum Shortest Distance" with similar constraints. Possibly the solution uses "minimum cut" with node splitting and each edge represented as a node with capacity 1, and then binary search on D. The construction might be: Build a graph with D+1 layers. For each original edge (u,v), add an edge from (u,i) to (v,i+1) with capacity 1, and also add an edge from (u,i) to (v,i) with capacity INF? Not.

Wait, maybe we can think differently: We want to maximize the shortest path distance. This is equivalent to: we want to choose K edges to be 1 such that the minimum number of 1-edges on any path is maximized. This is like we want to "push" the shortest path value. This can be seen as a "bottleneck" problem that can be solved by a variant of the "minimum cut" in a graph where we set capacities to 1 on edges we can select, and then compute the minimum s-t cut in a graph where we have D layers? Actually, there is a known concept: The length of the shortest path in a 0-1 weighted graph is equal to the minimum number of 1-edges on a path. This can be computed by BFS. To maximize this, we can think of it as a game where we place tolls. This is similar to the "most vital edges" problem where we want to increase the length of the shortest path by increasing edge weights. That problem is NP-hard in general, but for 0/1 weights and small N, maybe we can use integer programming.

Given the constraints N ≤ 30, M ≤ 100, we could potentially use a brute force over all subsets of vertices to compute the minimum number of selected edges needed to achieve distance D. How? For a fixed D, we need to check if there exists a set S of size ≤ K such that every s-t path has at least D edges from S. This is a hitting problem with multiplicities. We could formulate it as a SAT or ILP and solve using a solver like OR-Tools, but we need to implement from scratch.

But maybe we can use the fact that N is small to reduce the problem to a minimum cut in a graph with N * (D+1) nodes and M * (D+1) edges, and then use a standard min-cut to compute the minimum number of edges to "delete" to ensure that the distance is at least D, but with a twist that we can choose which edges are "deleted" (i.e., set to 1) at cost 1, and the other edges are free but cannot be deleted. This is exactly a "minimum cut" problem in a graph where each original edge can be either in "free" mode or "costly" mode, and we want to find the minimum cost to make the graph have no path of cost < D. This is known as the "minimum cost to increase the shortest path length" and can be solved by min-cut in a graph where we replace each edge with a pair of arcs with different costs, using a standard technique of node splitting and adding a node for each edge with capacity equal to the cost of making it costly. I think I've seen a construction: For each edge e, create a node e. Connect (u,i) to e with infinite capacity, and e to (v,i) with infinite capacity for the "stay" option, and also connect (u,i) to e with infinite capacity, and e to (v,i+1) with infinite capacity for the "increment" option, but then also add an edge from source to e with capacity 1 (cost for increment). However, as we saw, this makes both options enabled when e is in S. To disable the stay option when we choose increment, we need to cut the stay path. But if e is in S, both paths are enabled. If we cut the source->e edge (i.e., put e in T), then e is unreachable, so both paths disabled. So we cannot get the increment-only enabled state. So we need a way to have e in S but still disable stay. That suggests we need two separate nodes.

Let's attempt the two-node construction more thoroughly, and see if we can assign costs to make the invalid configurations unattractive.

We have nodes A_e and B_e. We route stay through A_e, increment through B_e. We want:
- Stay config: A_e in S, B_e in T. Cost 0.
- Increment config: A_e in T, B_e in S. Cost 1.
- Both in S: should have cost >0 (at least 1) so that it's not chosen if a valid config with lower cost exists. But if both in S cost 0, it might be chosen, but is it actually invalid? Both in S would enable both stay and increment. That would mean the edge is both stay and increment, which is not allowed. However, could such a configuration still satisfy the disconnection condition? Possibly, but it uses more capabilities, making it harder to disconnect, so it would likely require cutting more edges elsewhere, increasing total cost. So even if both in S has cost 0, the overall cut might have higher cost due to needing to cut other edges to break paths. So the min-cut might still avoid both in S if it leads to higher total cost from other parts. But we cannot rely on that; it might be that both in S allows a cheaper cut overall because it provides more flexibility? Actually, enabling both behaviors adds more paths, which would require cutting more edges to disconnect, likely increasing cost. So the min-cut would prefer to disable one behavior if possible, because that reduces connectivity, potentially reducing the need to cut other edges. Since we are minimizing total cut capacity, the optimal solution will likely choose a configuration that minimizes connectivity, i.e., disables one of the behaviors, unless forced by other constraints. But is it always true that disabling one behavior reduces connectivity? Yes, because having both stay and increment transitions provides more ways to move between layers, which can only increase the number of low-layer paths. So to achieve disconnection, you might need to cut more edges elsewhere. Therefore, the minimum cut will never choose a configuration that enables both if there is a configuration that enables only one and yields lower total cut capacity. However, there might be cases where enabling both allows you to avoid cutting some expensive edges? For example, if enabling both creates a path that uses an edge that you are already cutting for other reasons, but that doesn't reduce cost. Actually, enabling both cannot reduce the need to cut edges; it can only increase the number of paths that need to be cut. So the optimal cut will choose to disable one of the behaviors. Similarly, both in T disables both, which might be even better for disconnection (since the edge is effectively removed), but that would correspond to not using the edge at all, which is not allowed. However, both in T might be beneficial because it removes the edge entirely, reducing connectivity, but it also might violate the requirement that the edge must be present? But in our selection, we are allowed to set an edge to weight 1 or 0, but we cannot delete it. However, if we set both A_e and B_e in T, the edge is effectively absent because neither stay nor increment transitions are available. That would correspond to not having the edge at all, which is not a valid selection (the edge must be traversable either with weight 0 or 1). So we must forbid both in T as well. But maybe both in T could be allowed? If the edge is absent, then any path that would have used it is blocked, which could help increase distance. But the problem statement says we have a directed graph with M edges; we choose exactly K edges to change their weights to 1. The other edges remain with weight 0. So all edges are present; we cannot delete edges. So we must ensure that for each edge, exactly one of the two behaviors is active. So both in T (neither active) is invalid. Both in S (both active) is also invalid. So we need to enforce that exactly one of A_e, B_e is in S and the other in T.

Thus, we need to enforce the constraint that A_e and B_e are on opposite sides. How can we enforce that in a min-cut? We can use an infinite capacity edge from A_e to B_e and also from B_e to A_e? As argued, that forces same side, not opposite. To force opposite, we can use a different technique: introduce a new node C_e, connect source to C_e with capacity something, and C_e to A_e and B_e with infinite edges, etc. Not straightforward.

Maybe we can use the fact that we have a global constraint that exactly K edges are selected, not just at most K. But we are computing f(D) as the minimum number of increment edges needed. In the min-cut, we are minimizing cost, which corresponds to number of increment edges. The cut will naturally try to minimize cost, so it will prefer configurations with lower cost. If both in S has cost 0 (same as stay), then the cut might choose both in S if it helps reduce other costs. But both in S is invalid because it corresponds to having both behaviors, which is not allowed. However, could both in S be interpreted as selecting the edge as stay? No, because both behaviors are present, which is not a valid assignment. So we must exclude it.

Perhaps we can add a penalty for both in S by adding an edge from A_e to sink with capacity 1, and from B_e to sink with capacity 1, and adjust other capacities. Let's try to design costs such that:
- Stay (A_e in S, B_e in T): cost 0.
- Increment (A_e in T, B_e in S): cost 1.
- Both in S: cost > 0 (say 1 or more).
- Both in T: cost > 0.

We can use source and sink connections to achieve this. Let's denote we have edges:
- source -> A_e with capacity a
- source -> B_e with capacity b
- A_e -> sink with capacity c
- B_e -> sink with capacity d

We want to choose non-negative capacities (some may be 0) such that the cut cost for each configuration equals desired.

Let x = indicator(A_e in T), y = indicator(B_e in T). Actually, it's easier: A_e in S means not cut from source? Wait, cut cost includes edges from source to node if node in T, and edges from node to sink if node in S. So cost contributed = (if A_e in T then a else 0) + (if B_e in T then b else 0) + (if A_e in S then c else 0) + (if B_e in S then d else 0).

We want:
- Config1: A_e in S, B_e in T => cost = 0*a + 1*b? Actually, A_e in S: contributes c (since A_e->sink cut if A_e in S), B_e in T: contributes b (since source->B_e cut if B_e in T). So cost1 = c + b.
- Config2: A_e in T, B_e in S => cost2 = a + d.
- Config3: both in S => cost3 = c + d.
- Config4: both in T => cost4 = a + b.

We want cost1 = 0 (stay), cost2 = 1 (increment), cost3 >= 1, cost4 >= 1.

We have variables a,b,c,d >= 0. We can set b = 0, c = 0 to get cost1 = 0. Then cost2 = a + d. Set a + d = 1. cost3 = d, cost4 = a. We want d >= 1 and a >= 1 to make cost3, cost4 >= 1. But a + d = 1 and a,d >= 1 impossible. So can't have both a and d >=1 if sum is 1. So we need cost3 and cost4 to be at least 1, but they could be 0.5? Capacities must be integers? They can be real, but we usually use integers. However, we can set a = 1, d = 0, then cost2 = 1, cost3 = 0, cost4 = 1. That gives cost3=0 (both in S cost 0), which is bad. If we set a=0, d=1, then cost2=1, cost3=1, cost4=0 (both in T cost 0). So one of the invalid configs gets cost 0. So with only source/sink edges, we cannot make both invalid configs have positive cost while keeping stay cost 0 and increment cost 1, because the sum of costs for the two invalid configs is a+b+c+d? Actually, note that cost3 + cost4 = (c+d)+(a+b) = (a+b+c+d). cost1 + cost2 = (c+b)+(a+d) = a+b+c+d as well. So the sum of costs for all four configs is constant = a+b+c+d. If we want cost1=0 and cost2=1, then cost3+cost4 = a+b+c+d = cost1+cost2 = 1. So the sum of costs for the two invalid configs is 1. Therefore, at least one of them must be 0 (or both fractional). So we cannot make both invalid configs have cost >=1 with integer capacities; at best one can be 0 and the other 1. So one invalid configuration will have cost 0, which might be chosen by the min-cut if it helps. However, as argued, that invalid configuration (both in S or both in T) might be suboptimal overall because it adds extra connectivity, requiring more cuts elsewhere. But we need to be sure that the min-cut will never choose an invalid configuration if a valid one exists with the same or lower cost? Since the invalid config has cost 0 (same as stay), it could be chosen if it doesn't increase other cut costs. But does it increase other cut costs? Both in S enables both stay and increment transitions, which likely increases the number of low-layer paths, making it harder to disconnect source from sink, thus requiring more cuts on other edges (which have infinite capacity, so they can't be cut). Actually, other edges are represented similarly with their own gadgets. The only way to disconnect is to cut source->e edges (which have cost) or maybe cut some infinite edges? No, infinite edges cannot be cut. So the only way to break paths is to ensure that for some edges, the appropriate nodes are in T so that certain transitions are disabled. If we set both A_e and B_e in S, then both transitions are enabled, which might create a path that cannot be broken without cutting some source->e edges of other edges. But if all other edges are also set to both in S, then there might be a low-layer path that uses only stay transitions (which are free) and never increments, leading to a path with 0 selected edges, which would require that some edge's stay transition is disabled to break it. To break it, we would need to put that edge's A_e in T (i.e., cut source->A_e) which costs 1. So the min-cut might choose to put some edges in both in S and others in appropriate configurations to break paths at minimal cost. It's possible that putting an edge in both in S could be beneficial if it allows us to avoid cutting its source->A_e edge? But both in S does not cut source->A_e (since A_e in S, source->A_e not cut), so it costs 0. However, it enables both transitions, which might create additional paths that need to be broken by cutting other edges. So it might increase the need to cut other edges, potentially increasing total cost. So the optimal solution likely avoids both in S unless necessary. But could both in S ever reduce the need to cut other edges? Suppose there is a path that uses a particular edge e as a stay transition. If we set e to both in S, that stay transition is enabled. If we instead set e to stay (A_e in S, B_e in T), the stay transition is also enabled. So both in S doesn't change the stay transition; it adds an increment transition. Adding an increment transition could create new paths, but could it also remove paths? No, it only adds. So it cannot reduce the need to cut other edges; it can only increase the number of paths that need to be blocked, potentially requiring more cuts. Therefore, any solution that uses both in S for some edge can be modified to use stay instead (by moving B_e to T) without increasing the cost (since stay costs 0) and without enabling any new transitions (since increment is disabled), and it might disable some increment paths that were previously present, which could only reduce the need for cuts. So the modified solution would have total cost <= original (since cost unchanged for that edge, and possibly less need to cut other edges). Therefore, there exists an optimal solution where no edge is in both in S. Similarly, both in T disables both transitions, which is like deleting the edge. That could be beneficial because it removes connectivity, potentially reducing the need to cut other edges. However, deleting the edge is not allowed. But if both in T costs 0 (if we set a=1,b=0,c=0,d=0? Let's compute: to make both in T cost 0, we need a=0 and b=0? Actually, cost4 = a+b. If we set a=0,b=0, then both in T cost 0. But then cost2 = a+d = d, cost1 = c+b = c. We want cost1=0, cost2=1. So set c=0, d=1. Then cost1=0, cost2=1, cost3 = c+d =1, cost4 = a+b =0. So both in T cost 0. That would be attractive: we could set some edges to both in T (i.e., delete them) at zero cost, which would help disconnection. But that's not allowed. So we must prevent both in T. To prevent both in T, we need cost4 > 0, i.e., a+b > 0. But from earlier, cost1+cost2 = a+b+c+d = 1. If we set a+b > 0, then c+d < 1. Since we need cost1=0 => c+b=0 => b=0, c=0. Then cost1=0, cost2 = a+d =1, cost3 = d, cost4 = a. To have cost4 > 0, we need a>0. Then cost2 = a+d =1, so d = 1-a. Since a>0, d<1. If a=1, d=0, then cost2=1, cost3=0, cost4=1. So both in S cost 0, both in T cost 1. That's the earlier case where both in S cost 0. If a=0.5, d=0.5, then cost2=1, cost3=0.5, cost4=0.5. But capacities should be integers? We can use fractional capacities? In min-cut, capacities can be any nonnegative real, but we usually use integers for simplicity. However, we can use fractions, but then the min-cut value might be fractional, but we need integer f(D). Since all other capacities are integer (0 or 1 or INF), the min-cut will be integer if we use integer capacities. Using fractional might lead to fractional cut values, but the min-cut of a network with integer capacities is integer. If we use fractional capacities, the min-cut might be fractional, but we can scale. However, we want f(D) integer. We could set a=1, d=0, which gives both in S cost 0, both in T cost 1. So both in S is cost 0, which might be chosen. But as argued, both in S is suboptimal because it adds extra connectivity. However, could both in S ever be part of an optimal solution? Suppose we have an edge e that, if set to both in S, creates a new increment path that actually helps to break some other path? No, adding paths cannot help break paths; it only makes it harder to disconnect. So the optimal solution will never use both in S if there is a way to achieve disconnection with stay (cost 0) for that edge. But what if the edge must be increment to achieve disconnection? Then we would set it to increment (A_e in T, B_e in S) which costs 1. Both in S would be cost 0 but would not provide the increment transition? Actually, both in S provides both stay and increment. If we need the increment transition to be present to allow some path that we want to exist? No, we want to disconnect, so we don't want any low-layer path. Having increment transition could create a low-layer path that uses increment and then stay, etc. So it's harmful. So we would never want both in S. So even though both in S has cost 0, it's never beneficial because it adds extra connectivity that would require additional cuts elsewhere, increasing total cost. Therefore, the min-cut will not choose both in S if there is any alternative with same or lower cost that reduces connectivity. But is it guaranteed that the min-cut will avoid both in S? In min-cut, we are minimizing total cut capacity. If both in S leads to a need to cut more source->e edges of other edges (cost 1 each), while using stay for this edge (cost 0) might allow a cut with fewer such cuts, then the min-cut will prefer stay. So both in S would not be optimal. However, there might be a scenario where both in S actually reduces the need to cut other edges because it provides an alternative path that bypasses some other edge that would otherwise need to be cut? But that alternative path would be an additional path, which would need to be cut as well. Cutting an edge (i.e., putting its node in T) costs 1. If both in S creates a new path, you might need to cut another edge to break it, adding cost. So it's unlikely to reduce total cost. So I think it's safe to assume that the optimal cut will not use both in S or both in T. But we must be rigorous for contest solution. Usually in such constructions, they don't enforce mutual exclusion explicitly; they rely on the fact that the min-cut will naturally choose a configuration where each edge is either stay or increment, because any other configuration would be suboptimal. I've seen similar constructions in problems like "minimum weight feedback vertex set" etc. So we might proceed with the two-node gadget and hope that the min-cut yields the correct f(D). We should test on sample.

Let's design the network for a given D:

- Create nodes for each (v,c) for v=1..N, c=0..D.
- Source = (1,0). Sink = super-sink T.
- Connect each (N,c) for c=0..D-1 to T with infinite capacity (e.g., a large number like 10^9).
- For each original edge e = (u,v):
   - Create two nodes: A_e and B_e.
   - Add edge from source to A_e with capacity 1. (This will incur cost if A_e is in T)
   - Add edge from B_e to sink with capacity 0? Wait, we need to set capacities to achieve cost1=0 for stay, cost2=1 for increment. From earlier analysis, we want:
        * Stay: A_e in S, B_e in T => cost = (source->A_e not cut) + (B_e->sink cut? B_e in T, sink in T => not cut) = 0.
        * Increment: A_e in T, B_e in S => cost = source->A_e cut (1) + B_e->sink? B_e in S, sink in T => cut, but we need that cut cost to be 0. So we should set B_e->sink capacity 0. Then increment cost = 1.
        * Both in S: A_e in S, B_e in S => cost = source->A_e 0 + B_e->sink cut (0) = 0.
        * Both in T: A_e in T, B_e in T => cost = source->A_e cut 1 + B_e->sink not cut 0 = 1.
   So with source->A_e cap=1, B_e->sink cap=0, we have stay cost 0, increment cost 1, both in S cost 0, both in T cost 1.
   - Now, we need to connect the layer nodes to A_e and B_e to enable transitions.
        * Stay transition: for each c=0..D, add edge from (u,c) to A_e with infinite capacity, and from A_e to (v,c) with infinite capacity.
        * Increment transition: for each c=0..D-1, add edge from (u,c) to B_e with infinite capacity, and from B_e to (v,c+1) with infinite capacity.
   - Also, to ensure that A_e and B_e are not isolated, we might need to connect them appropriately.

Now, we also need to ensure that the source can reach A_e only if A_e is in S? Actually, source is in S. The edge source->A_e has capacity 1. If A_e is in S, this edge is not cut, so there is a path from source to A_e (direct). If A_e is in T, the edge is cut, so A_e is not reachable from source (since the only incoming edge from source is cut). However, A_e could also be reached from layer nodes via infinite edges. Those edges come from (u,c). If (u,c) is in S and A_e is in T, then the edge (u,c)->A_e is S->T and would be cut, so A_e not reachable. If (u,c) is in T, then (u,c) is unreachable from source. So indeed, A_e is reachable from source iff A_e is in S (and there exists some (u,c) in S that can reach it, but source can directly reach A_e via source->A_e if A_e in S). So A_e reachable iff A_e in S. Similarly, B_e reachable? There is no direct edge from source to B_e. B_e can be reached from (u,c) via infinite edges. If B_e is in S, then (u,c) in S can reach B_e via edge not cut. If B_e is in T, then (u,c)->B_e would be cut if (u,c) in S, so B_e unreachable. Also, there is no source->B_e edge, so B_e cannot be reached directly from source. However, B_e could be reached if there is a path from source to some (u,c) in S, then to B_e. So B_e reachable iff B_e is in S and there exists a reachable (u,c) in S. But since source can reach (1,0) and potentially other nodes, if B_e is in S, it may be reachable. If B_e is in T, it's unreachable. So the behavior is: A_e reachable iff A_e in S; B_e reachable iff B_e in S (and there is a path from source to some (u,c) that can reach it, but typically there will be if the graph is connected). So in stay config (A_e in S, B_e in T), A_e reachable, B_e not. In increment config (A_e in T, B_e in S), A_e not reachable, B_e reachable. In both in S, both reachable; both in T, neither reachable.

Thus, the transitions are enabled as desired: stay transitions go through A_e, which is reachable only in stay config; increment transitions go through B_e, reachable only in increment config. Both in S enables both; both in T disables both.

Now, the min-cut will choose a partition of all nodes (including layer nodes, A_e, B_e, source, sink) to minimize cut capacity, with source fixed in S, sink in T. The cut capacity includes:
- source->A_e edges (capacity 1) if A_e in T.
- B_e->sink edges (capacity 0) if B_e in S (but capacity 0, so no cost).
- Infinite edges from S to T would be cut, but we must avoid that by ensuring that in the optimal cut, no infinite edge is cut. That means the partition must be such that no infinite edge goes from S to T. This imposes constraints on the assignment of layer nodes relative to A_e and B_e. Essentially, the cut must be a "valid" cut where all infinite edges are either within S or within T, not crossing. This will force the layer nodes to be assigned in a way consistent with reachability.

In such constructions, the min-cut will effectively compute the minimum number of source->A_e edges to cut (i.e., number of A_e placed in T) such that there is no path from source to sink using only edges that are not cut. This is similar to a standard reduction for minimum vertex cut in a bipartite graph? Actually, this is exactly the reduction for the "minimum number of edges to delete to increase shortest path length" but with two options per edge.

We need to test this construction on the sample to see if it yields f(D) correctly.

Let's implement a mental test for sample 2 with D=2.

Graph: N=4, edges: e1:1->2, e2:1->3, e3:3->2, e4:2->4.

We want to compute f(2) = minimum number of increment edges needed so that every path has at least 2 selected edges. We expect f(2)=3.

Build network with D=2. Layers c=0,1,2. Nodes: (1,0),(1,1),(1,2); (2,0),(2,1),(2,2); (3,0),(3,1),(3,2); (4,0),(4,1),(4,2). Source = (1,0). Sink T connected from (4,0) and (4,1) (since c<D => c=0,1) with INF.

For each edge e, create A_e, B_e. Connect source->A_e cap=1. B_e->sink cap=0.

Now, add infinite edges:

For e1 (1->2):
- Stay: (1,c)->A_e1, A_e1->(2,c) for c=0,1,2.
- Increment: (1,c)->B_e1, B_e1->(2,c+1) for c=0,1.

Similarly for e2 (1->3):
- Stay: (1,c)->A_e2, A_e2->(3,c) for c=0,1,2.
- Increment: (1,c)->B_e2, B_e2->(3,c+1) for c=0,1.

e3 (3->2):
- Stay: (3,c)->A_e3, A_e3->(2,c) for c=0,1,2.
- Increment: (3,c)->B_e3, B_e3->(2,c+1) for c=0,1.

e4 (2->4):
- Stay: (2,c)->A_e4, A_e4->(4,c) for c=0,1,2.
- Increment: (2,c)->B_e4, B_e4->(4,c+1) for c=0,1.

Now, we need to find the minimum cut separating source from sink. The cut capacity will be the number of source->A_e edges that are cut (i.e., A_e in T). Since B_e->sink cap=0, cutting those costs nothing. Also, we must ensure no infinite edge is cut; that will force certain assignments.

We want to see if the min cut value is 3. Let's attempt to find a cut with capacity 3 that disconnects source from sink, corresponding to selecting edges e1,e2,e4 as increment (cost 3). In that selection, we would have for those edges: A_e in T, B_e in S. For e3 (stay): A_e in S, B_e in T.

Now, we need to assign layer nodes to S or T such that no infinite edge goes from S to T, and source in S, sink in T, and the cut capacity equals number of A_e in T (since source->A_e cut). Also, we must ensure that (4,0) and (4,1) are in T (since they connect to sink with INF, if they were in S, the edge to sink would be S->T and cut INF, which is not allowed). So (4,0) and (4,1) must be in T. Similarly, (4,2) can be anywhere, but likely in T as well? Not necessarily, but if (4,2) in S, then there might be a path to sink? (4,2) not connected to sink because only c<D connect to sink. So (4,2) can be in S without causing INF cut.

Now, we need to see if with the chosen assignment for A_e/B_e, we can assign layer nodes to S/T such that all infinite edges are within same side, and source (1,0) is in S, and (4,0),(4,1) in T, and there is no path from source to (4,0)/(4,1) using only edges that are not cut (i.e., edges that are not from S to T). Since infinite edges are not cut if they are within S or within T. So we need to ensure that there is no path from source to (4,0) or (4,1) staying within S (since crossing to T would require an S->T edge which would be cut, but if we avoid such edges, the path must stay entirely in S to reach a node in T? Actually, to reach a node in T, the path must at some point cross from S to T via an edge. If all edges from S to T are cut, then there is no way to reach T. So if we ensure that all nodes reachable from source are in S, and the target nodes (4,0),(4,1) are in T, then automatically they are not reachable because there is no S->T edge. However, we must also ensure that there is no infinite edge from a node in S to a node in T that is not cut? But in the cut, such edges would be cut (since they are from S to T), so they are removed. So after cut, there is no edge from S to T. Therefore, if source is in S and targets in T, they are disconnected as long as there is no path that stays entirely within S and then jumps to T via an edge that is not cut? But any edge from S to T is cut, so no direct jump. However, could there be a path that goes from source to some node in S, then takes an edge from that node to another node in T? That edge would be S->T and would be cut, so not available. So indeed, if we can assign all nodes reachable from source to S, and targets to T, and ensure that no infinite edge forces a node to be in T that is reachable from source, then the cut works.

But we also have the A_e and B_e nodes. Their placement affects which layer nodes are reachable. For an edge e, if A_e is in S, then the stay transition is possible from (u,c) in S to (v,c) in S (since both A_e and the layer nodes are in S). If A_e is in T, then the stay transition is disabled because (u,c)->A_e would be S->T (if (u,c) in S) and cut, or A_e unreachable. Similarly for B_e.

So we need to find an assignment of layer nodes to S/T consistent with the A_e/B_e placements such that source (1,0) is in S, (4,0),(4,1) in T, and no infinite edge goes from S to T. This is essentially a feasible cut.

For the selection e1,e2,e4 increment (A_e in T, B_e in S), e3 stay (A_e3 in S, B_e3 in T). Let's try to assign layer nodes.

We need to ensure that from source (1,0) in S, we cannot reach (4,0) or (4,1) via paths that stay within S. Since (4,0),(4,1) are in T, we must ensure that any path that would lead to them goes through an S->T edge at some point, which would be cut. But we can also assign some layer nodes to T to block paths.

Let's attempt to construct a cut manually. We'll decide which layer nodes are in S. Since source (1,0) is in S, and we want to avoid reaching (4,0)/(4,1) in S, we can put (4,0),(4,1) in T. Now, consider possible paths.

First, note that for increment edges (e1,e2,e4), B_e are in S, so increment transitions are enabled. For stay edge e3, A_e3 is in S, so stay transition enabled.

We need to assign other layer nodes. Let's try to keep as many nodes in S as possible, but we must ensure that no infinite edge from S to T exists. That means if a layer node is in S, and it has an infinite edge to a node that is in T, that edge would be S->T and would be cut, which is allowed (it would be cut, but that's okay as long as we don't rely on it for connectivity). However, cutting infinite edges is not allowed because they have infinite capacity; if such an edge is from S to T, it would be included in the cut and incur infinite cost, which is not allowed. So we must avoid any infinite edge from S to T. Therefore, for every infinite edge, we must ensure that its tail and head are either both in S or both in T. This is a key constraint: infinite capacity edges cannot be cut, so they must not cross the cut. Thus, the partition must be such that for each infinite edge, both endpoints are on the same side.

This is a strong constraint that will force a consistent assignment. Essentially, the infinite edges define a relation: if a node is in S, then all nodes reachable via infinite edges must also be in S (otherwise there would be an S->T infinite edge). Similarly, if a node is in T, all nodes that can reach it via infinite edges must be in T. This is typical in min-cut reductions: infinite edges enforce that certain nodes must be on the same side.

In our network, the infinite edges are:
- (u,c) -> A_e (for stay and increment? Actually, we have (u,c)->A_e and (u,c)->B_e for all relevant c.
- A_e -> (v,c) for stay; B_e -> (v,c+1) for increment.
- Also, (N,c) -> sink with INF, but sink is in T, so (N,c) must be in T to avoid INF cut. So (4,0) and (4,1) must be in T. (4,2) can be in T as well to be safe, but not required by INF edge? There's no INF edge from (4,2) to sink because we only connect c<D. So (4,2) could be in S, but then there would be infinite edges from (4,2) to maybe A_e4? Actually, (4,2) is not connected to sink, but it may have incoming/outgoing infinite edges from other nodes. We'll see.

Now, the infinite edges create dependencies. Let's analyze the dependencies for our selection.

We have A_e1 in T (since increment), B_e1 in S. For e1, infinite edges:
- (1,c) -> A_e1 for c=0,1,2. Since A_e1 in T, to avoid S->T infinite edge, we must have (1,c) in T as well (if (1,c) were in S, then edge (1,c)->A_e1 would be S->T, infinite cut). So (1,c) must be in T for all c where the edge exists. But (1,0) is source, which is fixed in S. Contradiction! Because (1,0) is source and must be in S. But we have an infinite edge from (1,0) to A_e1, and A_e1 is in T. That would be an S->T infinite edge, which is not allowed (would incur infinite cost). Therefore, this assignment is invalid. So we cannot have A_e1 in T if (1,0) is in S, because the infinite edge from (1,0) to A_e1 would cross the cut. To avoid that, we must either put A_e1 in S, or put (1,0) in T, but (1,0) is fixed in S. So A_e1 must be in S. That means for any edge e where u=1, A_e cannot be in T because (1,0) is in S and there is an infinite edge from (1,0) to A_e. Similarly, for any edge e where u=1, B_e cannot be in T? Let's check: (1,c) -> B_e also exists for c=0,1. So if B_e is in T, then (1,c) must be in T to avoid S->T infinite edge. Since (1,0) is in S, B_e cannot be in T. So for edges from source vertex 1, both A_e and B_e must be in S. But that would force both in S, which is invalid? Actually, both in S would mean the edge is both stay and increment, which is not allowed. But maybe we can have both in S? That would be invalid per our selection, but perhaps the min-cut would avoid that because it would enable both transitions, but maybe it's forced? Let's see.

In our desired selection, e1 and e2 are from vertex 1, and we want them to be increment. That would require A_e in T, B_e in S. But A_e in T conflicts with (1,0) in S due to infinite edge. So it seems impossible to have an edge from source be increment in this construction. That suggests our gadget is flawed because it doesn't allow increment on edges leaving the source. But in the problem, we can certainly set edges from 1 to have weight 1. So our construction must allow that.

The issue is that we have infinite edges from (1,c) to A_e and B_e. If A_e is in T, then (1,c) must be in T to avoid infinite cut, but (1,0) is fixed in S. So we cannot have A_e in T. Similarly, if B_e is in T, (1,c) must be in T. So for edges from source, both A_e and B_e must be in S. That forces both in S, which corresponds to both stay and increment enabled, i.e., the edge is present in both modes. But that's not a valid selection; however, maybe we can interpret both in S as meaning the edge is present with both weights? That's not allowed. But perhaps we can modify the construction: Instead of connecting (u,c) directly to A_e and B_e with infinite edges, we could connect them through something that allows us to cut the connection when A_e is in T without requiring (u,c) to be in T. For example, we could use edges from (u,c) to A_e with capacity INF, but if A_e is in T, that edge would be S->T and would be cut, which is okay as long as we are willing to cut it? But cutting an infinite edge is not allowed because it would add infinite cost to the cut. So we cannot have that edge be cut. Therefore, we must ensure that no infinite edge is cut. So we must avoid S->T infinite edges. Thus, if (u,c) is in S, then any node it connects to via infinite edge must also be in S. So indeed, for edges from source, (1,0) is in S, so any node reachable via infinite edges from (1,0) must be in S. That includes A_e and B_e for edges from 1. So they must be in S. Therefore, our construction forces that for any edge leaving the source, both A_e and B_e are in S. That means those edges are forced to be in both modes, which is not acceptable.

Thus, the construction fails for edges incident to source (or sink similarly). We need a different approach.

Maybe we can avoid connecting (u,c) directly to A_e/B_e with infinite edges. Instead, we could use edges with capacity 1 or something that can be cut at a cost. But then the cost model changes.

Alternative: Use the standard reduction for "minimum number of edges to delete to increase shortest path length". In that reduction, each original edge is represented by a node with capacity 1, and the layered graph has edges from (u,i) to e and from e to (v,i+1) with infinite capacity. That works for deletion because you either keep the edge (both connections present) or delete it (cut the node). In our case, we have two options: keep as stay or keep as increment. We could model this by having two nodes per edge, one for stay and one for increment, and we must select exactly one to keep. This is like a "choice" between two parallel edges in the layered graph. In the deletion problem, you have a single node that you can cut at cost 1 to delete the edge. Here, we have two possible edges in the layered graph: a stay edge (between same layers) and an increment edge (between consecutive layers). We want to choose exactly one of them to be present, with the cost of choosing the increment edge being 1 and the stay edge being 0. This is similar to having two parallel arcs in the layered graph, each with a cost to keep (or to delete). We could model it as: start with both arcs present, but we can delete one of them at some cost, and we must delete exactly one. However, we must also ensure that we don't delete both.

In min-cut, we can model the choice by having a node for each original edge, and then having two arcs from (u,c) to (v,c) and (u,c) to (v,c+1) that go through that node, but with different costs. Perhaps we can use the following: For each edge e, create a node e. Then, for each c, add an edge from (u,c) to e with capacity INF, and from e to (v,c) with capacity INF for the stay option. Also, add an edge from (u,c) to e with capacity INF, and from e to (v,c+1) with capacity INF for the increment option. But then both options go through the same node e, and as before, if e is in S, both are enabled; if e in T, both disabled. Not good.

What if we create two nodes e0 and e1, and connect them with an edge of infinite capacity to enforce that exactly one is kept? For example, add an edge from e0 to e1 with infinite capacity, and also from source to e0 with capacity 0? Not.

Maybe we can use a different formulation: Instead of min-cut, we could use a max-flow with lower bounds to compute the minimum number of increment edges needed. But that seems complex.

Given the difficulty and time, perhaps there is a simpler solution: Since N is only 30, we can use DP over subsets of vertices to compute the minimum number of selected edges needed to achieve a given distance D. How? We can think of the problem as: we want to choose S such that the shortest path distance is at least D. This is equivalent to: after selecting S, there is no path with less than D selected edges. This can be checked by a BFS that only uses edges not in S as free and edges in S as costing 1. But we need to find S.

We could treat it as a hitting problem: we need to hit all paths with fewer than D selected edges. The set of paths with < D selected edges can be characterized by the fact that they use at most D-1 selected edges. This is like we need to select a set of edges to be 1 such that any path with at most D-1 ones is impossible. This is similar to the "D-1 edge-disjoint paths" concept? Not.

Another thought: Since N is small, we could use integer linear programming solved via branch and bound with a simple BFS to check feasibility for a given S. But we need to search over subsets S of size K. However, we can binary search D and for each D, we need to check if there exists S of size ≤ K (since we can add extra edges) such that condition holds. This is a decision problem: ∃ S, |S| ≤ K, such that min_{P} |P∩S| ≥ D. We could try to solve this decision problem using a SAT solver or ILP, but implementing from scratch is heavy.

But maybe we can use a brute force over all subsets of vertices to represent "cuts" of a certain type. For D=1, we need a cut. For D=2, we need something like: select a set of edges such that after removing them, the graph has no s-t path, and additionally, no edge in S connects the reachable set from s to the set that can reach t in the remaining graph. This can be expressed as: there exists a partition of vertices into three sets: X, Y, Z, with s in X, t in Z, and edges from X to Y and Y to Z must be selected, and edges from X to Z must be selected? Let's derive.

We want every s-t path to have at least 2 selected edges. Consider the set of vertices reachable from s using only non-selected edges (call R). Since there is no path with 0 selected edges, t ∉ R. Also, consider the set of vertices that can reach t using only non-selected edges (call Q). Since no path with 0 selected edges, s ∉ Q. Now, any edge from R to V\R that is not selected would allow a path with 0 selected edges? Actually, if there is an edge from R to outside R that is not selected, then since its tail is in R (reachable from s via 0-edges), and its head is outside R, then we could go s -> ... -> tail (0-edges), then this edge (0), then from head maybe to t? But head might not reach t via 0-edges. However, if head can reach t via 0-edges, then we have a 0-selected path. So to avoid 0-selected paths, we must ensure that there is no edge from R to Q that is not selected. More precisely, if there exists an edge e = (u,v) with u in R, v in Q, and e not selected, then we have a 0-selected path: s -> u (0-edges), e (0), v -> t (0-edges). So all edges from R to Q must be selected. That's a necessary condition for D=1? Actually, for D=1, we just need that there is no 0-selected path, which is equivalent to: there is no edge from R to Q that is not selected? Wait, for D=1, we need every path to have at least 1 selected edge. The existence of a 0-selected path would be a path with no selected edges. Such a path would consist entirely of non-selected edges. That means there is a path from s to t in the graph of non-selected edges. That is equivalent to: in the graph of non-selected edges, t is reachable from s. This is not simply about edges from R to Q; it's about the whole connectivity. However, we can characterize using the concept of a cut: Let R be the set of vertices reachable from s via non-selected edges. If t ∉ R, then there is no 0-selected path. So condition for D=1 is that t ∉ R. That's equivalent to saying that the set of non-selected edges does not connect s to t. That can be ensured by selecting a cut.

For D=2, we need also that there is no path with exactly 1 selected edge. Such a path would consist of a non-selected path from s to some u, then a selected edge e=(u,v), then a non-selected path from v to t. So if we define R as before (reachable from s via non-selected edges), and Q as vertices that can reach t via non-selected edges, then a path with exactly 1 selected edge exists iff there exists a selected edge e from R to Q. Because then we can go s->u (0), e (1), v->t (0). So to prevent paths with exactly 1 selected edge, we must ensure that there is no selected edge from R to Q. But wait, selected edges are those we set to 1. So we need that all edges from R to Q are not selected? Actually, if an edge from R to Q is selected, then that would create a 1-selected path. So to avoid 1-selected paths, we must ensure that there is no selected edge from R to Q. But we also need to avoid 0-selected paths, which requires that there is no non-selected edge from R to Q? Let's be careful.

We have two types of edges: selected (1) and non-selected (0). For a path with exactly 1 selected edge, the selected edge must be from R to Q, because before it we use only non-selected edges (so u must be in R), and after it we use only non-selected edges (so v must be in Q). So if there exists any selected edge from R to Q, then there is a path with exactly 1 selected edge. Therefore, to prevent such paths, we must ensure that there are no selected edges from R to Q. That means all edges from R to Q must be non-selected. But then, if there is any edge from R to Q that is non-selected, then we have a 0-selected path? Because if there is a non-selected edge from R to Q, then we can go s->u (0), edge (0), v->t (0), giving a 0-selected path. So to avoid 0-selected paths, we must ensure that there are no non-selected edges from R to Q either. That would imply there are no edges from R to Q at all. But that's impossible if the graph has edges from R to Q. So we must have that R and Q are separated by a cut where all edges from R to Q are selected? But that would create 1-selected paths. So we need a more nuanced condition: For D=2, we need that there is no path with 0 selected edges, and no path with exactly 1 selected edge. This can be achieved if the sets R and Q are such that there is no edge from R to Q at all? But then how can we get from s to t? We need at least 2 selected edges, so the path must go s -> ... -> some vertex in R, then selected edge to some vertex not in Q, then maybe another selected edge, then to t. So the structure is more complex.

We can think of it as: we need to partition the vertex set into layers L0, L1, L2, ..., Ld where d = D, such that s in L0, t in Ld, and all edges from Li to Lj with j < i+? Actually, we want that any path must cross at least D selected edges. This is reminiscent of a "D-layer" cut: we we we
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
