=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string S of length N and a string T of length M, both consisting of digits from 1 to 9.
You will perform the following operation for k=1,2,\ldots,M in order:

- Choose an integer i such that 1 \le i \le N. Then, replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T.

Find the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
S
T

Output

Print the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Constraints


- 1 \le N,M \le 10^6
- N and M are integers.
- S is a string of length N consisting of digits from 1 through 9.
- T is a string of length M consisting of digits from 1 through 9.

Sample Input 1

3 3
191
325

Sample Output 1

593

The following sequence of operations is optimal:

- For k=1: Choose i=3. Then, S = 193.
- For k=2: Choose i=1. Then, S = 293.
- For k=3: Choose i=1. Then, S = 593.

In this case, the value of S interpreted as an integer is 593, which is the maximum.

Sample Input 2

3 9
191
998244353

Sample Output 2

993

Sample Input 3

11 13
31415926535
2718281828459

Sample Output 3

98888976555

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve: Given strings S (length N) and T (length M), digits 1-9. We perform M operations in order, each operation k from 1 to M: choose an index i (1-indexed) in S, and replace S[i] with T[k] (the k-th character of T). After all M operations, we have a final string S (length N). We want to maximize the integer value of that final string (interpreted as a decimal number, i.e., lexicographically larger string corresponds to larger integer because no leading zeros? Digits are 1-9, so no zeros, but still lexicographic order same as numeric order since same length). So we want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

We can choose the positions to replace each step, possibly overwriting previous replacements. Since operations are sequential, later replacements can override earlier ones. So effectively, after all M operations, each position i in S will have been replaced by the last operation that chose i. If no operation chose i, it remains original S[i]. So the final value of position i is determined by the last k such that we chose i at operation k. Since we can choose any i each step, we have control over which positions get which T[k] values, but with the constraint that if we assign multiple T's to same i, only the last one matters.

We want to maximize the final string. This is reminiscent of assigning each T[k] to a position (or possibly not using it) with the ability to overwrite. Since later T's can overwrite earlier ones, we have to decide a schedule of assignments to maximize final lexicographic order.

We need to output the maximum possible final string.

Observations:

- The final string is determined by the last assignment to each position. So we can think of each position i having a "final digit" which is either original S[i] or some T[k] where k is the last operation that assigned to i.

- The operations are in order. We can decide for each operation k whether to assign T[k] to some position, and we can also decide to skip? Actually we must choose an i each operation; we cannot skip. So we must assign each T[k] to some position i at that step. However, we could assign to a position that we later overwrite, effectively discarding that T[k] (if later we assign a different T to same position). So we can "waste" T[k] by assigning to a position that will later be overwritten. So the only T's that matter are those that are the last assignment to their position.

Thus the final digits come from a subset of T's (the ones that are not overwritten) plus possibly some original S digits that were never overwritten.

But note: we must assign each T[k] to some position. So if we want to keep a particular T[k] as final, we must ensure that no later operation assigns to the same position. That means we must assign later T's to other positions, or if we assign to same position, that later T will overwrite it.

Thus the problem reduces to: We have a sequence of M "offers" (digits from T) that we can assign to positions. Each offer must be assigned to a position at its time. After all offers, each position holds the digit of the last offer assigned to it, or original if none. We want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

This is like we have a multiset of positions (N) each initially with a digit S[i]. We have M operations, each we can replace any position's digit with a new digit (the offer). The final digit at each position is the last replacement applied to it. We want to maximize the lexicographic order of the final N-digit string.

We can think of it as we have to decide which positions will end up with which T digits (the ones that survive). Since we can overwrite, we can choose to not keep some T's by overwriting them later. So effectively we can select a subsequence of T (preserving order? Not necessarily, because the order matters for which overwrites which) to be the final digits at some positions. But also we can assign T's to positions in any order, not necessarily in the order of positions.

Important: The final string is of length N. The lexicographic order is determined from leftmost digit (position 1) to rightmost (position N). So we want the leftmost digits as large as possible. So we would like to put large digits in early positions.

We can assign any T[k] to any position i at its time. So we could, for example, assign the largest T digits to the leftmost positions, but we have to consider that later T's might overwrite them if we assign to same position.

Thus a strategy: We want to ensure that for each position from left to right, we assign the largest possible digit that we can guarantee will survive (i.e., not overwritten later). Since later operations can overwrite, we must be careful: if we assign a large digit to an early position, we must ensure that we never assign any later T to that same position. That means we must "reserve" that position: after we assign the digit we want to keep, we must avoid assigning any later T to that position. But we have to assign all later T's somewhere; we can assign them to other positions, possibly overwriting each other.

Thus we can think of it as: We have a set of positions that we will "freeze" after we assign a desired digit to them. Once frozen, we cannot assign any later T to that position. The remaining positions (unfrozen) can be used to absorb later T's (they can be overwritten arbitrarily). At the end, unfrozen positions will have whatever the last assignment to them (or original if never assigned). But we can also decide to leave some positions unfrozen and not assign any T to them after a certain point, but we must assign each T to some position; we can always assign to an unfrozen position, possibly overwriting previous ones.

Thus the problem is: We have M operations. We want to choose a set of positions to freeze with certain T digits, such that we can schedule the operations to achieve that final string. The schedule must be feasible: For each operation k, we choose a position i_k. The final digit at i is the last k with i_k = i. So if we want position i to end with digit d, we need that the last operation that assigned to i is some operation k where T[k]=d, and no later operation assigns to i. So we need to assign at operation k to i, and then for all later operations j>k, we must not assign to i. That's the freezing condition.

Thus we can decide for each position i, the last operation that will assign to it (or none). Since operations are sequential, we can plan: we will assign some T's to positions, and the last assignment to each position determines its final digit. The order of assignments matters: if we assign a digit to a position at time k, and later assign another digit to the same position at time l>k, the later one overwrites. So the final digit is from the maximum time assignment to that position.

Thus we can think of the process as: We have a sequence of M moves. We want to produce a final string. Equivalent to: We need to assign to each position i a "last update time" t_i (0 if never updated, where time 0 corresponds to original S[i]; times 1..M correspond to operations). The t_i must be distinct? Not necessarily; multiple positions can have the same last update time? Actually, at a given operation k, we choose exactly one position i. So at time k, we update exactly one position. So the last update time for a position i is the maximum k such that i_k = i. Since each operation updates exactly one position, the set of last update times for positions that are updated at least once will be a subset of {1..M}, but they could be the same? No, because each operation updates exactly one position, so if two positions both had last update time k, that would require operation k to update two positions, impossible. So the last update times for positions that are updated at least once are all distinct. Also, there can be at most M positions that are updated at least once (since each operation updates one position, but a position could be updated multiple times; the last update times are distinct among positions that are updated at least once because each operation can be the last update for at most one position (the position it updates). Actually, consider: Position A gets updated at times 2 and 5, last update 5. Position B gets updated at times 3 and 4, last update 4. Then last update times 5 and 4 are distinct. Could there be two positions with same last update time? That would require operation k to be the last update for both, meaning both positions were updated at time k, impossible because only one position is updated at time k. So indeed, the set of last update times for positions that are updated at least once is a set of distinct integers from 1..M, each corresponding to the operation that was the final assignment to that position. Moreover, each operation is the final assignment for exactly one position? Not necessarily: operation k could be overwritten by a later operation on the same position, so operation k might not be the final assignment for any position if the position it updated gets updated again later. In that case, operation k is not the last update for its position; the last update for that position is some later operation. So each operation may or may not be the last update for the position it updates. The set of last update times is exactly the set of operations that are not overwritten later on the same position. Since each operation updates exactly one position, and if that position never gets updated again, then that operation is a last update. If it gets updated later, then that operation is not a last update. So the number of positions that get updated at least once is equal to the number of operations that are last updates (since each such position has exactly one last update operation). So the number of positions that are updated at least once is at most M, and exactly equals the number of operations that are not overwritten later.

Thus, the final string is determined by: For each position i, if it is never updated, digit = S[i]; else, its digit = T[t_i] where t_i is the last operation that updated i, and t_i are distinct among updated positions.

We can choose which positions to update and which operations become last updates, subject to the ordering constraints: If we want an operation k to be a last update for position i, then we must ensure that no later operation updates i. That means after operation k, we cannot assign any operation j>k to i. So we must "freeze" i after k.

Thus, we can plan a schedule: We will decide a set of positions to freeze, and for each frozen position, assign a specific operation (the one that will be its last update) and thus a digit from T. The remaining operations (those not used as last updates) will be assigned to positions that are either not frozen (so they can be overwritten later) or to frozen positions? No, cannot assign to frozen positions after their last update, so they must be assigned to unfrozen positions. Those unfrozen positions may be updated multiple times; the last update among those on an unfrozen position will determine its final digit, but since we can always overwrite, we can arrange that the final digit on an unfrozen position is whatever we want from the last operation assigned to it, but we have to consider that we may also leave some unfrozen positions never updated? Actually, if a position is unfrozen, it means we allow later updates to it. But at the end, it will have the digit from the last update assigned to it (if any), or original if never updated. However, we can control which operation is the last for that position by ensuring that after we assign the desired digit, we don't assign any later operation to that position. But if we want to keep it unfrozen, we might later assign another operation to it, overwriting. So to have a final digit on an unfrozen position, we must eventually freeze it at some point (i.e., stop updating it). So essentially, every position that ends with a digit from T (i.e., updated at least once) must be frozen at the time of its last update. So all positions that are updated have a last update time, and after that they are effectively frozen (no further updates). So we can think that we will eventually freeze some positions (maybe all N) at various times. The operations that are not last updates are those that are assigned to positions that later get overwritten; they are "wasted".

Thus, the problem reduces to: We have M operations with digits T[1..M]. We need to choose a set of positions (a subset of {1..N}) to assign some of these operations as last updates, with the condition that if we assign operation k as the last update for position i, then we must not assign any later operation to i. Also, we must assign all operations to some position at their time; for operations not used as last updates, we must assign them to positions that will later be overwritten (i.e., to positions that have a later last update). This is feasible as long as we have enough "space" to absorb the wasted operations before their overwriting updates.

We need to maximize the final string lexicographically.

This is reminiscent of a greedy algorithm: we want to make the leftmost digit as large as possible. We can decide to replace position 1 with some digit from T, but we must ensure that we can still assign all later operations without overwriting position 1 if we want to keep that digit. So we need to check if there exists a feasible schedule that yields a certain final digit for position 1.

We can think of this as: We have a sequence of operations. We can decide for each operation whether it will be a "keeper" (i.e., last update for some position) or a "throwaway". The keepers must be assigned to distinct positions, and after a keeper is assigned to a position, that position cannot be used for any later operation. The throwaways must be assigned to positions that are not yet frozen (i.e., positions that will later have a keeper or that are never frozen? Actually, throwaways can be assigned to positions that will eventually have a keeper later, because that later keeper will overwrite them. Or they can be assigned to positions that never get a keeper (i.e., remain original or get overwritten by later throwaways but no keeper). But if a position never gets a keeper, its final digit will be either original S[i] or the last throwaway assigned to it (if any). However, we can also decide to never assign any operation to some positions, leaving them as original. So we have flexibility.

But to maximize lexicographically, we likely want to assign the largest possible digits to the leftmost positions, using the largest available T digits that can be placed there without preventing feasibility.

This looks like a classic problem: Given two strings S and T, we can replace characters of S with characters from T in order, each T character must be used exactly once (by assigning to some position), and we can overwrite. Maximize final S. I recall a problem from AtCoder: "ABC 271 F"? Not sure. Or maybe it's from JOI? Let's think.

We can model it as: We have a queue of operations. We want to decide final digits for each position. Equivalent to: We can choose a subsequence of T to keep (the ones that become last updates), and assign them to positions (any order). The rest of T are discarded (by overwriting). However, the order of T matters because if we want to keep a T[k] as a final digit, we must ensure that after k, we don't assign any later T to that position. That means we must have enough "free" positions (not yet frozen) to absorb the later T's that we discard, without touching the frozen positions. So the feasibility condition: Suppose we decide a set of indices K (subset of {1..M}) that will be keepers, and assign each keeper to a distinct position. For each keeper at time k, after time k, its position is frozen. The remaining operations (non-keepers) must be assigned to positions that are not frozen at that time. At time t, the set of frozen positions are those whose keeper time ≤ t. So the number of unfrozen positions at time t is N - (number of keepers with time ≤ t). We must be able to assign each operation at time t to some unfrozen position. That is possible if at each time t, the number of unfrozen positions is at least 1 (since we need to assign exactly one operation). Actually, we need to assign each operation to some position; if at time t, all positions are frozen, we cannot assign the operation because we would have to assign to a frozen position, which would overwrite it, contradicting that it's frozen (since we would be updating a frozen position, making that operation potentially a keeper or overwriting the keeper). But we could assign to a frozen position if we intend to overwrite that keeper, but then that keeper would no longer be a keeper. So if we have decided that a position is frozen after its keeper, we cannot assign any later operation to it. So we must ensure that at each time t, there is at least one unfrozen position to absorb the operation. However, we could also assign to a position that is not yet frozen but will later become frozen by a keeper at a later time. That's fine. So the condition is: For all t from 1 to M, the number of positions that are still unfrozen at time t (i.e., positions whose keeper time > t or have no keeper) must be at least 1, because we need to place the operation at time t. Actually, we need exactly one position to assign, but we can assign to any unfrozen position. So we need at least one unfrozen position at each time step. If at some time t, all positions are frozen (i.e., every position has a keeper time ≤ t), then we have no place to assign operation t without breaking a freeze. But could we assign to a frozen position and then later reassign a keeper to that same position? That would mean the previous keeper is overwritten, so it's no longer a keeper. That would change the set of keepers. So if we want to maintain a particular set of keepers, we must avoid assigning to their positions after their keeper time. So for feasibility of a given set of keepers (with assigned positions and times), we need that at each time t, the number of unfrozen positions (positions with keeper time > t or no keeper) is at least 1. Since we have N positions, and the number of keepers is K, the number of unfrozen positions at time t is N - (number of keepers with time ≤ t). The worst case is at the end, after all keepers have been placed, we might have all positions frozen. But after the last keeper time, there may still be operations after that? If the last keeper time is less than M, then after that, all positions are frozen, and we would have no place to assign the remaining operations. So we must ensure that the last keeper time is M, i.e., the final operation must be a keeper (or at least after the last keeper, there are no operations). Actually, if the last keeper time is L < M, then for times L+1..M, all positions are frozen (since all keepers have times ≤ L, so after L, all positions that have keepers are frozen; positions without keepers are unfrozen? Wait, positions without keepers are never frozen; they remain unfrozen throughout because they never get a keeper? But if a position never gets a keeper, it's not frozen; we can assign operations to it arbitrarily, and its final digit will be the last assignment to it (or original if never assigned). So positions without keepers are always unfrozen. So the set of unfrozen positions includes those that have no keeper assigned. So the number of unfrozen positions at time t is: (positions with no keeper) + (positions with keeper time > t). So if we have some positions with no keeper, they remain unfrozen forever. So it's possible that after the last keeper, there are still unfrozen positions (those without keepers). So we need at least one unfrozen position at each time t to absorb the operation. Since positions without keepers are always unfrozen, as long as there is at least one position without a keeper, we can always assign later operations to that position (or to other unfrozen positions). But if we assign to a position without a keeper, that assignment could become its final digit if we never overwrite it later. But we could also overwrite it later with another operation. So it's okay.

Thus, the feasibility condition for a set of keepers (with assigned times and positions) is: At each time t, the number of positions that are either without a keeper or with keeper time > t must be at least 1. This is automatically true if there is at least one position without a keeper, because those are always available. But if we assign keepers to all N positions (i.e., every position gets a keeper), then after the last keeper time, all positions are frozen, and we must have no operations after that. So in that case, the last keeper time must be M (i.e., the final operation is a keeper for some position). More generally, if we assign keepers to all positions, then the set of keeper times must be exactly a permutation of some M' = N? But we have M operations, and we can only have at most N keepers (since each keeper uses a distinct position). If M > N, we cannot have all positions as keepers because we have more operations than positions; some operations must be wasted. But if we assign keepers to all N positions, then after the last keeper time (which is the maximum among those N keeper times), there will be no unfrozen positions (since all positions have keepers, and after their keeper time they are frozen). So any operation after that max time would have no place to go. Therefore, if we assign keepers to all N positions, we must have that the maximum keeper time is M, i.e., the last operation is one of the keepers. That's possible if M >= N, and we can schedule such that the last N operations are the keepers? Actually, the keeper times can be any subset of size N from 1..M, but they must be distinct. If we take the N largest indices as keepers, then after the last keeper (which is M), there are no operations after, so it's fine. If we take keepers that are not the last N, then there would be operations after the last keeper, causing a problem. So to have all positions as keepers, we must ensure that the set of keeper times includes M (the last operation) and that there are no operations after the last keeper. So the last operation must be a keeper. That's necessary but not sufficient: we also need that before the last keeper, there is always at least one unfrozen position to assign operations. If all positions are keepers, then before the first keeper, all positions are unfrozen (since no keeper yet). After some keepers are placed, some positions become frozen. But as long as there is at least one unfrozen position at each time, we can assign the operation. With all positions as keepers, the number of unfrozen positions at time t is N - (#keepers with time ≤ t). This decreases as we place keepers. At time t, we need N - (#keepers with time ≤ t) ≥ 1 to assign the operation at time t. This condition must hold for all t from 1 to M-1 (since at time M we assign the last operation, which is a keeper, and after that no more). So we need that for all t < M, #keepers with time ≤ t ≤ N-1. That is, we cannot have placed all N keepers before the last operation. So the last keeper must be at time M, and before that, at most N-1 keepers have been placed. That's automatically true if we have exactly N keepers and the last one is at M, because before M, at most N-1 keepers have been placed. But we also need that at each intermediate time, the number of unfrozen positions is at least 1. Since #keepers with time ≤ t ≤ N-1 for t<M, we have N - (#keepers) ≥ 1. So it's fine. However, we also need to consider that the operations that are not keepers (if M > N) must be assigned to unfrozen positions. But if we have all N positions as keepers, then there are no positions without keepers. So the only unfrozen positions are those whose keeper time > t. As we place keepers, the number of unfrozen positions shrinks. But we need to assign each non-keeper operation to some unfrozen position at its time. Since non-keeper operations are those not in the keeper set, they occur at times that are not keeper times. At those times, we need at least one unfrozen position to assign to. That is exactly the condition N - (#keepers with time ≤ t) ≥ 1. So as long as we haven't placed all keepers before the end, it's okay. But if we have M > N, then there are M-N non-keeper operations. They must be assigned to positions that are not yet frozen at those times. Since we have N positions and we will eventually freeze all of them, but before the final keeper, there is always at least one unfrozen position, so we can assign the non-keeper operations to those unfrozen positions. However, we must also ensure that we don't accidentally make a non-keeper operation become the last update for a position that we intend to have a keeper later. That is, if we assign a non-keeper operation to a position that will later get a keeper, that's fine because the keeper will overwrite it. But if we assign a non-keeper operation to a position that will never get a keeper (i.e., a position without keeper), then that operation could become the final digit for that position if we never overwrite it later. But if we intend that position to have no keeper, its final digit will be whatever the last assignment to it is. That could be a non-keeper operation, which is allowed. So it's okay.

Thus, the feasibility reduces to: We can choose any set of keeper times (distinct) and assign them to distinct positions. The only constraint is that at each time t, the number of positions that are either not assigned a keeper or whose keeper time > t must be at least 1. This is equivalent to: For any prefix of operations (1..t), the number of keepers in that prefix must be ≤ N-1 if t < M? Actually, for t = M, after assigning the last operation, we don't need any further assignment. The condition for t from 1 to M-1 is: #keepers in [1, t] ≤ N-1. Because we need at least one unfrozen position to assign the operation at time t+1? Wait, at time t, we are assigning operation t. At that moment, before assignment, the state is determined by previous assignments. The condition to be able to assign operation t is that there exists at least one unfrozen position at that moment. The unfrozen positions before operation t are those with keeper time ≥ t (i.e., not yet frozen) or no keeper. The number of unfrozen positions before operation t is: N - (#keepers with time < t). Because keepers with time < t have already been placed and frozen their positions. Keepers with time = t are not yet placed (since we are about to place operation t). So we need N - (#keepers with time < t) ≥ 1 for each t from 1 to M. For t=1, #keepers with time < 1 = 0, so condition holds. For t=M, we need to assign operation M; we need N - (#keepers with time < M) ≥ 1. If we have a keeper at time M, then before operation M, #keepers with time < M is at most N-1 (since total keepers ≤ N, and one is at M). So condition holds as long as total keepers ≤ N and not all keepers are before M. If total keepers = N and all are before M, then #keepers with time < M = N, so N - N = 0, cannot assign operation M. So we need that if we have N keepers, the last one must be at time M. If we have fewer than N keepers, then there is always at least one position without a keeper, which remains unfrozen forever, so condition holds for all t because N - (#keepers with time < t) ≥ 1 (since #keepers ≤ N-1, and positions without keeper count as unfrozen). Actually, if we have K < N keepers, then there are N-K positions without keepers, always unfrozen. So before any operation t, #keepers with time < t ≤ K, so N - (#keepers with time < t) ≥ N - K ≥ 1. So condition automatically holds. So the only potential issue is when K = N (all positions have keepers). Then we need that the last operation is a keeper, i.e., the maximum keeper time = M. That's the only extra condition.

Thus, any selection of up to N distinct keeper times (with the condition that if we select exactly N, then max time = M) is feasible, and we can assign the keepers to positions arbitrarily. Moreover, we can also decide the final digits for positions without keepers: they will be either original S[i] or the last non-keeper assignment to that position. But we have control over that as well: we can choose to update those positions with some non-keeper operations to improve their digits. Since we want to maximize the final string, we would likely want to set the digits of all positions as high as possible, subject to constraints from T and the order.

Thus, the problem becomes: We have M digits T[1..M]. We can choose a set of up to N of them to be "keepers" that will be placed as final digits on distinct positions (we can choose which position gets which keeper digit). The rest of the digits (non-keepers) can be used to update positions (including those that will later get keepers, or those without keepers) but they will be overwritten if a later keeper is assigned to that position, or they may become final if assigned to a position without keeper and never overwritten later. However, we can also decide to not use some non-keeper digits effectively by assigning them to positions that will later be overwritten by a keeper, so they don't affect final string. For positions without keepers, we can choose to assign some non-keeper digits to them, and we can control which one becomes final by ensuring that the last assignment to that position is the one we want. Since we can schedule assignments arbitrarily (subject to order), we can arrange that for a position without keeper, the final digit is the maximum among the digits assigned to it after its last assignment? Actually, we can choose to assign a sequence of non-keeper digits to that position, and the last one will be final. Since we have control over which operation we assign to which position at each step, we can decide for each position without keeper, which operation (among those not used as keepers) will be its last update. But we must also assign all operations, and we must respect that at each step we assign exactly one operation to some position. So we need to construct a schedule that yields desired final digits for all positions.

Given the flexibility, it seems we can achieve any final string where each digit is either from S[i] or from some T[k], with the condition that the set of T[k] used as final digits (i.e., keepers) are distinct indices, and if we use all N positions as keepers, then the largest index among them must be M. Additionally, for positions without keepers, we can set their final digit to any T[k] that is not used as a keeper, as long as we can schedule it to be the last assignment to that position without interfering with keepers. But is there any further restriction? Let's think about positions without keepers: They are never frozen, so they can be updated at any time. We can decide to assign a particular non-keeper operation to such a position and then never assign any later operation to that position, making it final. However, we must assign all later operations to some positions. If we have a position without keeper that we want to set to a digit from some operation k, we must ensure that after operation k, we never assign any operation to that position again. That means that for all operations j > k, we must assign them to other positions (which could be other unfrozen positions or positions that will get keepers later). This is possible as long as there is at least one other unfrozen position to absorb those later operations. Since we have at least one position without keeper (if we have at least one such), we can use that as a "dump" for later operations, but if we want to freeze a particular position without keeper at time k, we must have another unfrozen position to take the later operations. So we might need at least two unfrozen positions if we want to freeze one early. But we can also use positions that will later get keepers as temporary dumps; they are unfrozen until their keeper time. So we have many unfrozen positions over time.

It seems that with careful scheduling, we can achieve any assignment of final digits to positions, as long as the set of T indices used as final digits (keepers) are distinct and, if we use all N positions, the maximum index is M. Additionally, for positions without keepers, we can set their final digit to any T index that is not a keeper, provided we can schedule it as the last update to that position without conflict. But is there any restriction on which T indices can be assigned to which positions? Since we can assign any operation to any position at its time, we can decide that operation k becomes the final digit for position i if we assign it to i at time k and then never assign any later operation to i. So we can pair keeper indices with positions arbitrarily. For non-keeper positions, we can also pair them with some operation index (the last update) arbitrarily, as long as that operation is not used as a keeper for another position. However, we must also assign all other operations to some positions, possibly overwriting. This seems always possible if we have at least one "dump" position that can absorb all extra operations after we have set the desired final digits for other positions. Let's try to construct a general method to achieve any desired final string that satisfies: The multiset of final digits that come from T (i.e., not original S) corresponds to a set of distinct indices from T (since each operation can be used at most once as a final digit, because if two positions had final digits from the same operation index, that would require that operation to be the last update for two positions, impossible). Also, if a position retains its original S[i], that's fine (no operation used). So the final digits from T must be a set of distinct indices. Additionally, if the number of positions that get a digit from T is N (i.e., all positions are updated), then the largest index among them must be M (since the last operation must be a keeper). Is that sufficient? Let's test with examples.

Consider N=1, M=2, S="1", T="23". We have two operations. We want final string max. Can we achieve "3"? That would require position 1 final digit =3 from T[2]. That uses index 2 as keeper. Since N=1, we have all positions as keepers (K=N=1). Then we need max keeper index = M=2, which holds. Is it feasible? Operation 1: we must assign T[1]=2 to some position. If we assign to position 1, then operation 2 assigns T[2]=3 to position 1, overwriting, final=3. That works. So final=3 achievable. Could we achieve "2"? That would use index1 as keeper, but then max keeper index=1 < M=2, and all positions are keepers? Actually if we use index1 as keeper, then position1 final=2, but we still have operation2 to assign. Since position1 is frozen after operation1 (if we want it to be keeper), we cannot assign operation2 to position1 without overwriting. But we have no other position. So we would be forced to assign operation2 to position1, overwriting, making final=3. So "2" is not achievable if we try to keep index1 as final. However, could we achieve "2" by some other means? Maybe we could assign operation1 to position1, then operation2 also to position1, but then final=3, not 2. Or assign operation1 to some dummy? There is no dummy. So "2" is not achievable. So the condition that if all positions are keepers, the max index must be M is necessary.

Now consider N=2, M=3, S="11", T="123". Can we achieve final string "32"? That would be position1=3, position2=2. Keepers: index3 for pos1, index2 for pos2. That's two keepers, K=2=N. Max keeper index =3 = M, condition satisfied. Is it feasible? We need to schedule: Operation1 (T=1) must be assigned somewhere. We can assign it to position2 (which will later get keeper at operation2). Then operation2 (T=2) assign to position2 (overwrites), making it keeper? But if we want position2 final=2, we need operation2 to be its last update. So after operation2, position2 should not be updated again. Operation3 (T=3) assign to position1, final=3. That works: op1->pos2, op2->pos2, op3->pos1. Final: pos1=3, pos2=2. Good.

Can we achieve "31"? That would be pos1=3, pos2=1. Keepers: index3 for pos1, and pos2 maybe original 1? But original is 1, so pos2 final=1 without using a keeper. That's K=1 < N. Condition automatically holds. Is it feasible? We need to assign operations: op1 (1), op2 (2), op3 (3). We want pos1 final=3 from op3, pos2 final=1 (original). We must ensure pos2 never gets updated after its original? Actually original is 1, but if we never update pos2, it stays 1. But we must assign op1 and op2 somewhere. We can assign them to pos1, but then pos1 would be overwritten? Let's try: op1 assign to pos1 (sets to 1), op2 assign to pos1 (sets to 2), op3 assign to pos1 (sets to 3). Then pos2 never updated, stays 1. Final: pos1=3, pos2=1. That works. So "31" achievable.

Can we achieve "23"? pos1=2, pos2=3. Keepers: index2 for pos1, index3 for pos2. K=2=N, max index=3=M, condition holds. Schedule: op1 assign to pos1 (1), op2 assign to pos1 (2) -> keeper for pos1? But then pos1 final=2, but we must not update pos1 after op2. op3 assign to pos2 (3). Works. So "23" achievable.

Can we achieve "21"? pos1=2, pos2=1. Keepers: index2 for pos1, pos2 original 1. K=1<N. Feasible? op1 assign to pos1 (1), op2 assign to pos1 (2) -> final pos1=2, pos2 unchanged=1. op3 assign to pos1? That would overwrite pos1 to 3, not desired. So we must assign op3 somewhere else. But only pos2 is available (since pos1 we want to keep as 2). If we assign op3 to pos2, pos2 becomes 3, final=3 not 1. If we assign op3 to pos1, pos1 becomes 3. So we cannot avoid updating pos2 or pos1 with op3. But we could assign op3 to pos1 and then later? No later. So final would be pos1=3, pos2=1 or pos1=2, pos2=3. Neither gives 21. Could we assign op1 to pos2? Let's try: op1 to pos2 (1) -> pos2=1, op2 to pos1 (2) -> pos1=2, op3 to ? If we assign op3 to pos2, pos2 becomes 3; if to pos1, pos1 becomes 3. So final either 23 or 32. So 21 not achievable. Why? Because we have to use op3 (digit 3) somewhere, and it will overwrite either pos1 or pos2. Since we want pos2=1 (original or from op1?), but if we assign op1 to pos2, pos2 becomes 1, but then op3 must go somewhere; if it goes to pos2, pos2 becomes 3; if it goes to pos1, pos1 becomes 3. So we cannot avoid having a 3 in the final string. So the maximum achievable string might be 32 or 31? Actually 32 is larger than 31? Compare 32 vs 31: 32 > 31. So 32 is max. So the condition that we must use all T digits? No, we must assign each operation to some position, but we can overwrite. However, the final string will include the digit from the last operation assigned to each position. Since we have M operations, and N positions, the final string will be determined by the last assignments. In the case N=2, M=3, we have 3 operations. The final string will have two digits. The digits that appear as final are from the last operation on each position. The operations that are not last on any position are effectively discarded. So we can discard some T digits by overwriting them. In the attempt for "21", we would need to discard the 3. Is that possible? To discard 3, we would need to assign operation 3 to a position that later gets overwritten, but there is no later operation. So operation 3 will always be the last operation on whichever position it is assigned to. Therefore, the digit 3 will necessarily appear in the final string (on the position it is assigned to). So we cannot discard the last operation if it is the last operation overall. More generally, the last operation (k=M) will always be a keeper for the position it is assigned to, because there is no later operation to overwrite it. So T[M] must appear in the final string. Similarly, any operation that is the last one assigned to a particular position will appear. But we can choose which positions get which last operations. However, the last operation overall (k=M) is necessarily a last update for the position it is assigned to. So T[M] must be present in the final string. In our example, T[3]=3 must appear. So final string must contain a 3. That's why "21" is impossible. So we have an additional constraint: The digit T[M] must be one of the final digits. More generally, consider the set of operations that are not overwritten by any later operation. Since there is no operation after M, operation M is always not overwritten. So T[M] must be a keeper. Similarly, what about operation M-1? It could be overwritten by operation M if assigned to same position, so it may not be a keeper. So only the last operation is forced to be a keeper. But are there other forced keepers? If we have fewer positions than operations, some operations may be forced to be keepers because we need to assign them to distinct positions? Let's think: The final string has N digits. The number of keepers (positions that get a final digit from T) can be at most N, but could be less if some positions retain original S. However, each operation that is a keeper corresponds to a distinct position. Since operation M must be a keeper, we have at least one keeper. Could we have only one keeper (operation M) and all other positions original? That would require that we assign all other operations to positions that eventually get overwritten by later operations, culminating in operation M being the last on its position, and no other position receives a last update from any operation. But is it possible for a position to never receive a last update? That means it either never gets updated, or it gets updated but the last update on it is from some operation that is overwritten later? Actually, if a position gets updated at some operation, the last update on that position is the maximum operation index assigned to it. If that index is less than M, then that operation is a keeper for that position unless it is overwritten by a later operation on the same position. But if it's the last update on that position, then it's a keeper. So to have a position not be a keeper, it must either never be updated, or be updated but then later overwritten by another operation on the same position, making the later operation the keeper for that position. So a position can be non-keeper only if it either never gets updated, or if its last update is from an operation that is overwritten later? That's contradictory: the last update by definition is the one not overwritten. So if a position is updated at all, the last update on it is a keeper. Therefore, any position that is updated at least once will have a keeper (the last operation assigned to it). So the number of keepers equals the number of positions that are updated at least once. Since we must assign each operation to some position, many positions may be updated. However, we can arrange that some positions are updated multiple times, but only the last update on each position counts as a keeper. So the number of keepers is exactly the number of distinct positions that receive at least one assignment. Because each such position has a last assignment, which is a keeper. So the number of keepers K is the number of positions that are ever assigned any operation. Since we have M operations, we could assign all operations to a single position; then only that one position is updated, so K=1. The other N-1 positions are never updated, so they retain original S. That's allowed. So K can be as low as 1 (if we assign all operations to the same position). But note: operation M must be assigned to some position; that position will be updated, so K≥1. So K can be 1. In that case, only one position gets a final digit from T (specifically, the last operation assigned to that position, which could be operation M if we assign all operations to that position, then the last operation is M, so final digit = T[M]). So indeed, we can have only one keeper.

Thus, the forced constraint is: T[M] must be a keeper (since it's the last operation on whatever position it's assigned to). But is it forced that T[M] appears in the final string? Yes, because it will be the final digit of the position it's assigned to. So the final string must contain T[M] at some position. Additionally, if we have only one keeper, that keeper is T[M]. So the final string will have T[M] at some position, and all other positions are original S.

But can we have T[M] not be the only keeper? Yes, we can have multiple keepers, but T[M] must be one of them.

Now, what about other operations? They can be discarded if they are overwritten by later operations on the same position. So we have a lot of flexibility.

Thus, the problem reduces to: We want to maximize the final string lexicographically. We can decide which positions get updated (i.e., become keepers) and which T indices become their final digits, with the constraint that T[M] must be used as a keeper (i.e., assigned to some position as its last update). Also, if we use all N positions as keepers, then the maximum keeper index must be M (which is automatically true if we include M). But also, we must ensure that we can schedule the assignments so that the desired keepers are indeed the last updates on their positions, and all other operations are assigned to positions that eventually get overwritten (or to positions that are not keepers but then become keepers? Actually, any position that receives an assignment becomes a keeper unless it is overwritten later by another assignment to the same position. So if we want a position to not be a keeper (i.e., retain original S), we must never assign any operation to it. So positions that are not keepers must be untouched. Therefore, the set of positions that are keepers is exactly the set of positions that receive at least one assignment. Since we have to assign all M operations, we must assign them to some positions. Those positions will become keepers (unless we assign multiple operations to the same position, but then only the last one on that position is the keeper; the position is still a keeper because it gets a final digit from T). So any position that receives any operation becomes a keeper. Thus, the number of keepers K is exactly the number of distinct positions that we choose to assign operations to. We can choose to assign all operations to a single position, making K=1. Or we can spread them across multiple positions, making K up to min(N, M). But note: if we assign operations to a position, that position's final digit will be the last operation assigned to it. So we can control which T index becomes the final digit for that position by ensuring that the last operation assigned to it is the desired one.

Thus, the decision variables: Choose a set of positions P (subset of {1..N}) that will be updated. For each position in P, choose a distinct operation index k (the last assignment) from T, such that these k's are distinct and one of them must be M (since operation M must be assigned to some position, and that position will have last assignment M, so M must be among the chosen k's). Also, we can assign other operations (the ones not chosen as last) to positions in P (or possibly to positions not in P? But if we assign to a position not in P, that would make it a keeper, contradicting that it's not in P. So we cannot assign any operation to a position outside P, because then that position would become a keeper. So all operations must be assigned to positions in P. Since P is the set of positions we allow to be updated. Therefore, P must contain all positions that ever get an assignment. So we must assign all M operations to positions in P. That means P must be non-empty, and we must be able to schedule the assignments such that the last assignment to each position in P is the designated keeper index, and all other assignments (non-keepers) are assigned to positions in P in such a way that they are overwritten later (by a keeper or by another non-keeper that is later overwritten). This is feasible as long as for each position in P, the designated keeper index is the maximum index among all operations assigned to that position. So we need to partition the set of operation indices {1..M} into |P| groups, each group assigned to a distinct position, and within each group, the maximum index is the keeper index for that position. The keeper indices are the maxima of the groups. They must be distinct (since each position has a unique max). Also, one of the groups must have max = M (since operation M must be in some group, and its max will be M). Additionally, the groups can be any partition of the M indices into |P| non-empty subsets? Could a group be empty? No, because each position in P must receive at least one operation (to be a keeper). Actually, a position in P could receive zero operations? But then it wouldn't be updated, contradicting that it's in P (we defined P as positions that receive at least one assignment). So each position in P must receive at least one operation, so each group non-empty. But could we have a position that receives operations but its last assignment is not a keeper? No, by definition the last assignment is the keeper. So each group has a max which is the keeper index.

Thus, the problem transforms to: We have M operations with digits T[1..M]. We want to choose a set of positions (size K, 1 ≤ K ≤ min(N, M)) and assign to each position a non-empty subset of operation indices, forming a partition of {1..M} into K subsets. The final digit at position i (if i is in P) will be T[max of its subset]. For positions not in P, final digit = S[i]. We want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

We can also decide which position gets which subset (i.e., which keeper digit). Since positions are ordered, we care about the assignment of keeper digits to positions.

We need to find the maximum possible final string.

This looks like we can treat the process as: We have to "use" all operations, but only the maximum index in each group matters for the final digit. So effectively, we can choose a set of keeper indices (the maxima of groups) that includes M, and the other indices are "absorbed" into groups whose max is one of the keepers. The digits of non-keeper indices are irrelevant for the final string (except they must be assigned to some group, but they don't affect final digits). So the final string is determined by: For each position i, either S[i] (if i not in P) or T[k_i] where k_i are distinct indices, one of which is M, and the set of k_i are the maxima of the groups. Additionally, the groups must be such that for each keeper index k, all indices greater than k that are not keepers must be assigned to groups with a larger keeper? Wait, consider the partition: We have indices 1..M. We choose a set of keepers K = {k1, k2, ..., kK} with kK = M (since M must be a keeper). The other indices are assigned to groups. For the partition to be valid, each group must consist of a set of indices where the maximum is the keeper. That means for each keeper k, the group assigned to it can contain any indices less than k, but cannot contain any index greater than k (because then the max would be greater). So each group consists of a keeper index k and some subset of indices from 1..k-1. Moreover, the groups must partition all indices, so every index less than M must belong to some group whose keeper is greater than it. That is always possible if we assign each index to a keeper that is larger than it. Since we have keepers that include M and possibly others, we can assign each index to any keeper that is larger than it, as long as we cover all indices. There is no further restriction: we can assign index i to any keeper k > i. The only constraint is that each keeper must have at least one index (itself) in its group, so groups are non-empty. So the feasibility condition for a set of keepers K (including M) is simply that for every index i not in K, there exists some keeper k in K such that k > i. Since M is in K, and M > i for all i < M, this condition is automatically satisfied. So any set of distinct indices that includes M is feasible as a set of keepers, regardless of the other keepers' values? Wait, consider keepers set K = {2, M} with M > 2. Then index 1 must be assigned to a keeper >1. Both 2 and M are >1, so it's fine. Index 3? If M > 3, but 3 is not a keeper, we need a keeper >3. The keepers are 2 and M. 2 is not >3, but M is >3. So we can assign index 3 to keeper M. So it's fine. So indeed, any set of keepers that includes M works, because M is greater than all other indices, so any index can be assigned to M. However, we must also ensure that each keeper's group is non-empty. For keepers other than M, they are themselves in their group, so non-empty. So any set of distinct indices that includes M is feasible. But wait, what about the condition that the groups partition all indices? We need to assign each index to exactly one keeper. Since M can take all indices that are not assigned to other keepers, it's fine. So the only constraint on the set of keepers is that it is a subset of {1..M} that includes M, and its size K ≤ N (since we have at most N positions). Also, we can choose to have fewer than N keepers, leaving some positions untouched (original S). So the set of possible final strings is: For each position i (1..N), we can either set it to S[i] (if we don't assign any operation to it) or set it to T[k] for some k in a chosen keeper set K (with M ∈ K, |K| ≤ N), with the keeper digits assigned to distinct positions. And we can assign the keeper digits to positions arbitrarily (i.e., we can choose which position gets which T[k]). Additionally, we can also decide to not use some positions as keepers even if we have keepers, but we must use exactly |K| positions for keepers. The other positions remain original.

But is there any restriction that the keeper indices must be in increasing order relative to positions? No, we can assign any keeper digit to any position. So we have full flexibility to permute the keeper digits among the positions we choose to update.

Thus, the problem reduces to: We have N positions. We can select up to N digits from T (with the constraint that we must include T[M]) to replace some of the S digits, and we can place those selected digits in any positions we want (overwriting the original digits). The rest of the positions keep their original S digits. We want to maximize the resulting string lexicographically.

But wait, is it really that simple? Let's test with the earlier counterexample: N=2, M=3, S="11", T="123". According to this simplification, we can select any subset of T that includes T[3]=3, of size up to 2, and assign them to any positions. So possible final strings: If we select only {3}, we can put 3 in either position1 or position2, and the other position remains 1. So we can get "31" or "13". If we select {2,3}, we can assign 2 and 3 to positions in any order: "23" or "32". If we select {1,3}, we can get "13" or "31"? Actually {1,3} gives digits 1 and 3, assignments: "13" or "31". If we select {1,2,3} but we only have 2 positions, so we can only use 2 of them, but we must include 3, so we could choose {2,3} or {1,3} or {3} only. So the maximum lexicographically among these possibilities is "32" (since 32 > 31 > 23 > 13). That matches our earlier conclusion that maximum is 32. So the simplification seems to work for that case.

Now test with Sample1: N=3, M=3, S="191", T="325". According to simplification, we must include T[3]=5. We can select up to 3 digits from T including 5. Options:
- Only {5}: assign 5 to some position, others remain 1,9,1. Best placement: put 5 in leftmost position? Let's see: if we put 5 at position1, we get 5,9,1 = 591. If at position2: 1,5,1 = 151. If at position3: 1,9,5 = 195. So best is 591.
- {2,5}: digits 2 and 5. Assign to two positions. We want max lexicographic: place larger digit in earlier position. So assign 5 to pos1, 2 to pos2? Then string: 5,2,1 = 521. Or 5 to pos1, 2 to pos3: 5,9,2 = 592. Or 5 to pos2, 2 to pos1: 2,5,1 = 251, etc. Best seems 592? But 592 vs 591? 592 > 591. Also consider 5 at pos1, 2 at pos3 gives 592. 5 at pos1, 2 at pos2 gives 521. 5 at pos2, 2 at pos1 gives 251. 5 at pos2, 2 at pos3 gives 1,5,2=152. 5 at pos3, 2 at pos1 gives 2,9,5=295. 5 at pos3, 2 at pos2 gives 1,2,5=125. So best is 592.
- {3,5}: digits 3 and 5. Best: 5 at pos1, 3 at pos2 => 531; 5 at pos1, 3 at pos3 => 593; 5 at pos2, 3 at pos1 => 351; etc. 593 is best.
- {2,3,5}: all three digits. Assign to three positions. Best lexicographic: sort digits descending: 5,3,2. Place 5 at pos1, 3 at pos2, 2 at pos3 => 532. But we could also consider not using all? But we can use all three. 532 vs 593? 593 > 532 because 5 same, then 9 vs 3? Wait, if we use all three, we replace all positions. Original S is 1,9,1. If we assign 5,3,2 to positions, we could also assign 5 to pos1, 3 to pos3, 2 to pos2 => 5,2,3 = 523. Or 5 to pos1, 3 to pos2, 2 to pos3 = 532. Or 5 to pos2, 3 to pos1, 2 to pos3 = 3,5,2=352. The maximum is 532. But 593 is larger than 532 because 593 has 9 in the middle? But 9 is from original S. In the all-three assignment, we must replace all positions, so we lose the 9. So 593 (which keeps the 9) is better. So the best among all selections appears to be 593, which matches sample output. So the simplification yields 593 as achievable: select keepers {3,5}? Actually {3,5} means we use T[1]=3 and T[3]=5. But we must include T[3]=5, and we can also include T[1]=3. That gives digits 3 and 5. We assign 5 to position1, 3 to position3, and leave position2 as original 9. That yields 593. Is this feasible according to our partition model? Keepers indices = {1,3}? Wait T[1]=3, T[3]=5. Keepers set must include M=3, so includes index3. We also include index1. So K={1,3}. Check feasibility: We need to partition indices 1,2,3 into groups with maxima 1 and 3. Group for keeper 1: must contain index1 and possibly indices less than 1? none. So group1 = {1}. Group for keeper 3: must contain index3 and possibly indices less than 3 that are not in other groups. Index2 is less than 3 and not in group1, so assign index2 to group3. So groups: {1} and {2,3}. That's valid. Then final digits: position assigned to keeper1 gets T[1]=3, position assigned to keeper3 gets T[3]=5. We assign keeper3 to position1, keeper1 to position3. Position2 untouched. That yields 5,9,3 = 593. So feasible. Good.

Now Sample2: N=3, M=9, S="191", T="998244353". According to simplification, we must include T[9]=3? Wait T is "998244353", so digits: positions:1:9,2:9,3:8,4:2,5:4,6:4,7:3,8:5,9:3? Actually "998244353": let's index: 1:9, 2:9, 3:8, 4:2, 5:4, 6:4, 7:3, 8:5, 9:3. So T[9]=3. Must include 3. We can select up to 3 digits from T (since N=3) that include the last digit 3. We want to maximize final string. Original S=1,9,1. We can replace some positions with selected digits. Since we can choose any subset of T (including the last) of size up to 3, and assign them to positions arbitrarily. We want the lexicographically maximum string of length 3. We can also choose to not replace some positions, keeping original digits (1,9,1). Since we have many high digits (9,9,8, etc.), we likely want to put the largest possible digits in the earliest positions. However, we must include the last digit 3, which is small. So we might want to put 3 in the least significant position (position3) if possible, and put larger digits in positions1 and2. But we can only use up to 3 digits from T. We can choose, for example, digits 9 (from index1 or2), 9 (from the other), and 3 (from index9). That gives digits 9,9,3. Assign 9 to pos1, 9 to pos2, 3 to pos3 => 993. That's sample output 993. Could we get 999? We would need three 9's, but T has only two 9's (positions1 and2). Also we have 8, but 8<9. So 993 seems max. Could we get 9,9,8? But we must include 3, so we need to include 3, so one position must be 3. So best is 9,9,3. That matches.

Now Sample3: N=11, M=13, S="31415926535", T="2718281828459". We'll test later.

Thus, the problem seems to reduce to: We have S (length N) and T (length M). We must include T[M] as one of the digits we place. We can select any additional digits from T[1..M-1] (each at most once) up to total selected count ≤ N. Then we can assign these selected digits to any positions (replacing original S digits). The positions not selected keep their original S digits. We want to maximize the resulting string lexicographically.

But is there any hidden constraint about the order of indices? For instance, could we select T[1] and T[3] as keepers, but not T[2]? In our partition model, we assigned index2 to the group of keeper3. That's fine. So we can skip any indices we want, as long as we include M. So indeed, we can choose any subset of indices that includes M, of size up to N. The digits of the chosen indices are the ones that appear in the final string (each at a distinct position). The other indices are "absorbed" and don't affect the final string.

Thus, the problem becomes a selection and assignment problem: Choose a set K ⊆ {1..M} with M ∈ K, |K| ≤ N. Let D = { T[k] : k ∈ K } be the multiset of digits we can place (but note digits may repeat; T can have repeated digits). We can assign these digits to any positions (overwriting original S). The remaining positions keep S[i]. We want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

We can also choose to not use some positions even if we have selected digits; but we must use exactly |K| positions to place the selected digits. The other N - |K| positions remain with original S. We can decide which positions get which digits.

So essentially, we have the ability to replace up to N digits in S with digits from T, with the constraint that we must use T[M] among the replacements, and we cannot use the same T index twice (but digits can repeat if T has repeats at different indices, that's fine). Also, we can choose which indices to use from T, but we cannot use an index more than once.

Now, is there any additional constraint from the fact that we must assign all operations, and that the groups must be partitionable? As argued, any set K including M works because we can assign all other indices to the group of M (or to any keeper larger than them). However, we must ensure that each keeper's group is non-empty, which is true since each keeper includes itself. Also, we must ensure that we can assign the groups to positions such that the keeper digits end up at the desired positions. Since we can assign the groups arbitrarily to positions (the group defines which keeper digit goes to which position), and we can choose which position gets which keeper digit, that's fine. So the only constraints are as above.

But wait: There is a subtlety: The groups must be formed such that for each keeper k, all indices in its group are less than k. This is necessary for k to be the maximum. If we assign an index i > k to the group of k, then the max would be i, not k. So we must ensure that each group contains only indices ≤ k, with k being the maximum. In our partition scheme, we assign each non-keeper index to some keeper that is larger than it. That's possible if for each non-keeper index i, there exists a keeper k > i. Since M is a keeper and M > i for all i < M, we can always assign all non-keeper indices to the keeper M. That would make the group for M contain all indices not assigned to other keepers. That's valid because all those indices are less than M. So indeed, any set K including M works, by assigning all other indices to the group of M. But what about keepers other than M? Their groups consist of themselves only (if we assign all other indices to M). That's fine; they are non-empty. So the partition is always possible. Therefore, the simplification stands.

Thus, the problem is: Given S (len N) and T (len M), we must choose a subset of indices from T that includes M, of size at most N, and then assign those digits to positions in S (overwriting) to maximize the resulting string.

But is there any restriction that we cannot assign a keeper digit to a position that originally had a larger digit? No, we can overwrite any position. So we can replace any S[i] with any selected digit.

Now, we need to compute the maximum possible final string. This is reminiscent of constructing the lexicographically maximum string by replacing some characters with available digits, with the constraint that we must use T[M].

We can think of it as: We have a pool of available digits from T (each index can be used at most once), and we must use T[M]. We can choose up to N digits from the pool (including T[M]) to replace characters in S. We want to maximize the final string.

This is similar to: We want to transform S into the largest possible string by applying up to N replacements, where each replacement uses a distinct digit from T (by index), and we must use the digit from the last position of T.

But note: We are not limited to at most N replacements; we could replace fewer than N positions. Also, we can replace a position multiple times? No, final digit is from the last replacement on that position. But if we replace a position with a digit from T, that's a replacement. Since we can only assign each T index once, each replacement corresponds to using a T index as the last update for that position. However, we could also assign multiple T indices to the same position, but only the last one matters. In our model, we are only considering the keeper indices as the ones that appear in the final string. The other T indices are assigned to positions but overwritten, so they don't affect final string. So effectively, we are only using |K| T indices as final digits. So the number of replacements (positions that end up with a T digit) is exactly |K|, which is ≤ N.

Thus, we can choose any number r from 1 to min(N, M) (since we must include M, r≥1) of T indices to use as final digits, and assign them to r distinct positions. The other N-r positions keep S.

Now, we want to maximize the final string. This is like we have the original S, and we can "upgrade" some positions by replacing them with digits from a multiset D (the selected T digits). We can choose which positions to upgrade and with which digits. The goal is lexicographic maximum.

Intuitively, to maximize, we want the leftmost positions as large as possible. So we would like to put the largest available digits in the leftmost positions, but we must also consider that we might want to keep some original S digits if they are already large. For example, in sample1, position2 had 9, which is larger than any digit we could place there from T (since T digits are 3,2,5; max is 5). So we kept it. So we should compare original S digits with available replacement digits.

This becomes a kind of greedy construction: We need to decide the final string character by character from left to right. At each position i, we have a choice: either keep S[i] or replace it with some digit from our selected pool D (which we haven't assigned yet). But the pool D is not predetermined; we can choose which digits to select from T, subject to including T[M] and size ≤ N. So we need to choose D optimally.

We can think of it as: We have a multiset of candidate digits from T (all digits, but we can only use each index once). We must include T[M]. We can select any subset of indices (including M) of size up to N. Then we can assign them to positions. The optimal strategy likely is: We want to replace some positions with digits that are larger than the original S digits, especially in early positions. But we also must include T[M], which might be small, so we might want to place it in a later position where it does less harm.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Choose a set K of indices (including M) with |K| ≤ N. Let D be the multiset of digits T[k] for k in K. Then we can permute D arbitrarily and assign to any positions (overwriting). The final string will be: for each position i, either S[i] or one of the digits from D, with each digit used at most once. We want to maximize the string.

This is similar to: We have two strings: original S and a multiset of replacement digits D. We can replace any subset of positions with digits from D (each used at most once). The resulting string is formed by, for each position, taking either S[i] or a digit from D, with the constraint that the number of replacements equals |D| (since we must use all selected digits? Actually, we must use all digits in D because we selected them; if we select a digit, we must assign it to some position, otherwise it would be wasted? But we could select a digit and then not use it? In our model, if we select an index as a keeper, that means we intend for that digit to appear in the final string. If we don't assign it to any position, then that digit wouldn't appear, contradicting that it's a keeper. But could we select an index as a keeper and then not use it? That would mean we have a keeper digit that is not placed, which is impossible because each keeper corresponds to a position that gets that digit as final. So if we include an index in K, we must assign its digit to some position. So |K| equals the number of positions that get replaced. So we must use all selected digits. So the number of replacements is exactly |K|.

Thus, we need to choose a subset K (including M) of size r (1 ≤ r ≤ min(N, M)), and then assign its digits to r distinct positions, overwriting S at those positions. The other N-r positions keep S.

Goal: maximize resulting string.

We can think of this as: We want to construct the final string by deciding for each position whether it will be from S or from T (selected). This is like we have a "budget" of replacements, and we can choose which T digits to use.

Observation: Since we can choose any subset of T indices (including M) up to size N, we effectively have access to all digits in T, but we can only use at most N of them, and we must use T[M]. So the question is: Which digits from T should we use to replace S to get the lexicographically maximum result?

This is reminiscent of the problem where you have two strings and you can replace characters of S with characters from T (each used at most once) to maximize S, with the twist that you must use the last character of T. But note: T is a sequence, but we can pick any indices, not necessarily contiguous. So we can pick the largest digits from T, but we must include T[M] which might not be among the largest. So we might be forced to include a small digit. However, we can place that small digit in a position where it does minimal damage, i.e., as far right as possible, and possibly replace a small original digit.

Thus, the optimal strategy likely is: We want to select the r-1 largest digits from T[1..M-1] (since we must include T[M]), where r is the number of replacements we decide to make, up to N. But we also need to consider that replacing a position with a digit that is not larger than the original might be detrimental. So we might not want to replace positions where S[i] is already high. So we should only replace positions where the replacement digit is greater than S[i], and we want to maximize the string lexicographically.

This becomes a kind of matching problem: We have positions 1..N with original digits S[i]. We have a multiset of available replacement digits D (which we can choose from T, must include T[M], and size r). We can assign each digit in D to a distinct position, replacing S[i] with that digit. The final string is formed by taking max? Actually, if we assign a digit d to position i, the final digit becomes d (overwrites S[i]). If we don't assign, it's S[i]. We want to maximize the string lexicographically.

This is similar to: We want to apply replacements to improve the string as much as possible, with the constraint that we must use T[M] and we can use up to N-1 other digits from T[1..M-1] (since we can use at most N total). But we are not forced to use exactly N replacements; we can use fewer.

We can think of it as: We have the ability to "upgrade" some positions by replacing them with digits from a pool. The pool is all digits of T, but we must include T[M] and we can only use each once. We can decide how many upgrades to perform.

The lexicographic objective suggests that we should try to make the first position as large as possible. If we can replace position 1 with a digit larger than S[1], we should do so with the largest possible digit available. However, using that digit might prevent using it later, but since position 1 is most significant, it's worth it. So a greedy algorithm from left to right: At each position i, we consider whether we can improve S[i] by replacing it with some digit from the pool that is greater than S[i]. If yes, we should replace it with the largest possible digit from the pool that is greater than S[i] (to maximize at this position). But we must also ensure that we can still place the mandatory T[M] somewhere later, and that we have enough digits left to possibly improve later positions if beneficial.

But careful: If we replace position i with a digit d, we consume d from the pool. The pool initially is all digits of T (with the constraint that we must use T[M] eventually). However, we are not forced to use all digits; we can choose a subset. So we can decide to use only some digits. The greedy approach: We want to construct the final string from left to right. At each position, we have a current multiset of available digits (which we have selected from T). But we haven't preselected the subset; we can decide on the fly which digits to use. Since we can choose any subset, we can always decide to use a digit if it helps.

But we must include T[M]. So we must ensure that by the end, we have used T[M] somewhere. If we never use T[M], that's invalid. So we must reserve it.

Thus, a plausible algorithm: We will try to make the final string as large as possible by considering each position from 1 to N. We'll maintain a multiset of digits that we are willing to use (initially, we can consider all digits from T, but we must include T[M] eventually). At each position i, we have the option to keep S[i] or replace it with some digit from the multiset. To maximize, we would like to set the digit to the maximum possible value we can achieve at this position, given that we must be able to complete the rest of the string (including placing T[M] somewhere) with the remaining digits.

This is similar to constructing the lexicographically maximum string by selecting a subsequence of T (with order?) but here order doesn't matter because we can assign any digit to any position. So it's like we have a bag of digits from T, we must use T[M], and we can assign them to positions arbitrarily. So the problem reduces to: Choose a multiset D (subset of T indices including M) of size r ≤ N, and then assign them to positions to maximize the string. Since assignment is arbitrary, the optimal assignment for a given D is: sort D in descending order, and then for positions from left to right, if the next largest digit in D is greater than S[i], replace S[i] with that digit; otherwise, keep S[i] and move to next position, but we must use all digits in D, so we need to assign them to some positions. However, if we have a digit that is less than or equal to S[i] at some position, it might be better to not replace that position (since replacing would not increase the digit, and could even decrease if digit < S[i]). But we must use all digits in D, so we have to place them somewhere. If we have digits that are not beneficial (i.e., less than or equal to the original S at all remaining positions), we might be forced to place them in some positions, potentially lowering the string. Therefore, we might want to choose D such that all digits are beneficial, or at least the small mandatory digit T[M] can be placed in a position where it doesn't hurt much (i.e., where S[i] is small or where we have to replace anyway).

Thus, the optimization involves choosing which digits to include (besides T[M]) and how many replacements to make.

We can think of it as: We have N positions with original digits S[i]. We have a pool of candidate digits from T (including T[M]). We can select up to N digits from the pool to replace positions. The final string will be: for each position, the maximum between S[i] and the digit assigned to it? No, it's either S[i] or the assigned digit, not max. So if we assign a digit d to position i, the result is d, regardless of whether d > S[i] or not. So we would only want to assign a digit to a position if d > S[i], because otherwise we would make that position smaller (or equal, but equal doesn't improve lexicographically; if equal, it doesn't change the string, but using the digit consumes it and might force us to use another digit elsewhere that could be harmful. So we would never assign a digit d ≤ S[i] to position i if we can avoid it, because it doesn't improve and may cause harm. However, we might be forced to assign the mandatory T[M] somewhere, and if T[M] is ≤ S[i] for all i, we might have to place it in a position where it reduces the digit, which could be detrimental. But we might choose to not replace that position if we can leave it as S[i] and instead replace another position where S[j] is smaller than T[M]? Actually, if T[M] is small, we would want to place it in a position where S[i] is even smaller, so that the replacement increases the digit (or at least doesn't decrease). If T[M] is smaller than all S[i], then placing it anywhere would decrease that position's digit, which is bad. But we must place it somewhere. So we would want to place it in the rightmost possible position to minimize the impact on lexicographic order (since earlier positions are more significant). So we would put it at the last position if possible, especially if S[N] is large? Actually, if S[N] is large, replacing it with a small digit would decrease the last digit, which might be less harmful than decreasing an earlier digit. So we would place it at the position where the loss is minimal, i.e., where the original digit is smallest, or at the rightmost position if all else equal.

Thus, the problem becomes: We need to select a set of positions to replace, and assign digits to them, maximizing the resulting string. Since we can choose any subset of T digits (including mandatory), we can also choose not to use some digits even if they are large? Actually, we can choose to use only the mandatory digit and maybe some others. Using a large digit that is greater than S[i] at some early position is beneficial. Using a digit that is not greater than S[i] at any position is harmful if forced to use it. But we are not forced to use any digit besides T[M]. So we can choose to use only T[M] and no other digits. That would give us the option to place T[M] in the best possible position (where it causes least damage or maybe improves). So the optimal strategy will involve using a selection of digits from T that are "useful" (i.e., greater than the S digits at the positions we intend to replace), and possibly also using some digits that are not useful if we are forced to use them because we need to use up to N? No, we are not forced to use a certain number; we can use as few as 1 (just T[M]). So we will never include a digit that is not beneficial unless we have to include it to meet some constraint? The only constraint is that we must include T[M]. So we can choose to include only T[M] and no others. Therefore, we will only include additional digits if they allow us to improve the string further (i.e., by replacing some S[i] with a larger digit). So we should include all digits from T that can be used to improve the string, but we must be careful about the mandatory small digit possibly causing a decrease.

But wait: Could including an additional digit that is beneficial (i.e., > S[i] at some position) force us to also include another digit that is not beneficial? No, we can choose any subset. So we can include any set of beneficial digits. However, there might be an interaction: If we include many beneficial digits, we will replace many positions. But we have only N positions. Replacing a position with a beneficial digit improves that position, but we might also have to place the mandatory digit somewhere. If we replace many positions, we might be forced to place the mandatory digit in a position that we would otherwise keep with a high S digit, causing a decrease. But we could also place the mandatory digit in a position that we were going to replace anyway with a beneficial digit? But if we replace a position with a beneficial digit, that position gets that beneficial digit, not the mandatory one. The mandatory digit must be placed in some position, possibly one that we are not replacing with another beneficial digit. So if we replace many positions, we might run out of "bad" positions to place the mandatory digit, forcing it onto a position where it causes a decrease. So there is a trade-off: using many beneficial digits may force the mandatory digit into a position where it reduces the value, potentially offsetting the gains.

Thus, we need to decide which positions to replace with beneficial digits, and where to put the mandatory digit (which may be beneficial or not). The mandatory digit could itself be beneficial if T[M] > S[i] for some i. If T[M] is large, it's beneficial and we would want to place it in an early position to improve. If it's small, we want to place it in a position where it does least harm, ideally a position where S[i] is even smaller (so replacement increases) or at the very end.

So the problem is: We have N positions with values S[i]. We have a set of available digits from T (each can be used at most once). We must use T[M]. We can choose any additional digits from T[1..M-1]. We want to assign each chosen digit to a distinct position, replacing S[i] with that digit. The final string is the result. We want to maximize lexicographically.

This is essentially a matching problem: We want to select a set of positions to replace and assign digits to them to maximize the string. Since the string is lexicographic, we can think of constructing it from left to right, deciding the digit at each position.

A typical approach for such problems is to use a greedy algorithm with a priority queue or multiset, considering that we can always "upgrade" a position if we have a digit larger than the current digit, and we can also decide to postpone the mandatory digit.

Let's think more systematically.

We have the ability to choose any subset of T indices (including M) of size r (1 ≤ r ≤ N). After choosing, we assign digits to positions. Since assignment is arbitrary, the optimal assignment for a given set D is: sort D in descending order. Then iterate positions i=1..N. For each position, if the largest remaining digit in D is greater than S[i], we replace S[i] with that digit (and remove it from D). Otherwise, we keep S[i] and move on. However, we must use all digits in D, so after processing all positions, we might still have digits left if we didn't replace enough positions. In that case, we would have to assign the remaining digits to some positions, potentially overwriting S[i] that we kept, which could lower the string. But note: In the process above, if we ever skip replacing a position because the largest remaining digit is not greater than S[i], we might later be forced to assign a smaller digit to some position, which could be worse. So the optimal assignment for a given D might not be that simple; we might want to sometimes replace a position even if the digit is not greater than S[i], if that allows us to place a larger digit later? But since digits are assigned to positions, and we can choose which position gets which digit, we can always assign the largest digits to the earliest positions where they provide the most benefit. The only reason to assign a digit that is not greater than S[i] to a position is if we have no other choice because we must place all digits. So if we have digits that are not greater than any remaining S[i], we will have to place them somewhere, causing a decrease. To minimize the damage, we would place them in the rightmost positions possible, and preferably where S[i] is as small as possible (so the decrease is minimal). So the optimal assignment for a given D is: we want to maximize the resulting string. This is similar to: we have original string S, and we have a multiset of replacement digits D. We can replace any subset of positions with digits from D (each used once). The resulting string is determined by choosing an injection f: D -> positions, and for each position i, if i is in the image, the digit is f^{-1}(i), else S[i]. We want to maximize the string lexicographically.

This can be solved by a greedy algorithm: We process positions from left to right. At each position i, we decide whether to replace it with some digit from D or keep S[i]. To maximize, we would like the digit at position i to be as large as possible. The maximum possible digit we can place at position i is max( S[i], max(D) )? But we can only use each digit once. So we need to consider future positions as well.

A known technique for such problems (like "maximize string by replacing with letters from another string") is to use a multiset of available digits, and at each position, if the largest available digit is greater than S[i], we replace S[i] with that digit; otherwise, we keep S[i]. However, this works when we must use all digits? Not exactly; if we have to use all digits, we might be forced to replace some positions even if the digit is not greater. But we can choose not to use some digits (i.e., we can discard digits by not including them in D). Since we can choose D, we can avoid including digits that would force a decrease. So we would only include digits that are beneficial, i.e., greater than the S[i] they replace, or at least not worse when placed in a position where S[i] is smaller. But the mandatory digit might be non-beneficial, so we must include it and place it optimally.

Thus, the problem reduces to: We need to select a set of positions to replace, and assign digits to them, with the constraint that one of the assigned digits must be T[M]. We want to maximize the resulting string. Since we can choose any subset of T[1..M-1] to include, we can include all digits that are "useful" in the sense that they can improve some position without causing harm elsewhere, but we must also accommodate T[M].

Let's denote the mandatory digit d_m = T[M]. We'll consider two cases: d_m is beneficial (i.e., there exists some position i where d_m > S[i]) or not.

If d_m is beneficial, we can treat it like any other beneficial digit; we would want to place it in the earliest position where it improves the digit (i.e., where S[i] < d_m). Since it's mandatory, we must include it. So we can include it along with other beneficial digits.

If d_m is not beneficial (i.e., d_m ≤ S[i] for all i), then placing it anywhere will not increase any digit; it will either keep same (if equal) or decrease. To minimize harm, we would place it in the rightmost position where S[i] is as small as possible (to minimize the decrease), or if there is a position with S[i] = d_m, placing it there causes no change (equal). If there is a position with S[i] = d_m, we can place it there without harm. If not, we must place it somewhere, causing a decrease. We would place it at the last position (N) because lexicographically, a decrease at a later position is less harmful than at an earlier one. But if S[N] is very large, decreasing it to d_m might be worse than decreasing an earlier position with a smaller original? Actually, lexicographic order: compare strings from left. A decrease at position i makes the string smaller at that position, and all later positions matter only if earlier are equal. So to minimize the impact, we want the first position where the string differs from the optimal to be as far right as possible. So we would place the mandatory digit at the rightmost possible position where it causes the smallest reduction in the string's value. But if we have to decrease some position, we would prefer to decrease a position where the original digit is as small as possible, because the reduction amount might be less important than the position index. Actually, consider two candidate positions i < j. If we decrease position i from S[i] to d (with d < S[i]), then at position i the string becomes smaller than the original S at that position. If we instead decrease position j, the string matches original up to i, and at j it becomes smaller. Since i < j, the string with decrease at i is lexicographically smaller than the one with decrease at j (because at the first differing position, the one with decrease at i has a smaller digit). So it's always better to place the mandatory digit as far right as possible, regardless of the magnitude of decrease, because the first difference occurs later. Therefore, if d_m is not beneficial, we should place it at the rightmost position (N) if possible, or more generally, at the rightmost position that we are willing to replace. But we might also replace other positions with beneficial digits, which could affect which positions are available for the mandatory digit. Since we can choose which positions to replace, we can reserve the rightmost position for the mandatory digit if needed.

Thus, the optimal strategy likely is: We will select a set of beneficial digits (from T[1..M-1]) that are greater than the S digits at the positions we intend to replace, and we will replace those positions from left to right with the largest beneficial digits, and then place the mandatory digit at the rightmost position among the replaced positions (or at a position that we didn't replace otherwise) in a way that minimizes harm.

But we need to formalize.

Let's think in terms of constructing the final string directly. Since we can choose any subset of T indices, we can think of the process as: We have the original S. We can "upgrade" some positions by replacing them with digits from T that are larger than the current digit. Additionally, we must ensure that T[M] is used somewhere; if it's not an upgrade, we must "downgrade" some position (or keep same if equal) to accommodate it.

We can model this as: We want to maximize the string, so we would like to apply upgrades to as many early positions as possible with the largest available digits. The only limitation is that we cannot use more than one digit per position, and we must use T[M]. So we can consider sorting the digits of T in descending order, and then try to assign them to positions where they would increase the digit, from left to right. However, we must include T[M] even if it's not among the top N digits. So we might need to include it, possibly displacing a smaller beneficial digit? Actually, we can include any digits; we are not limited to the top N digits. We can include as many as we want up to N. So we could include all digits that are beneficial, but if the number of beneficial digits exceeds N, we must choose which N to use (since we can only replace N positions). But we can also choose to not replace some positions even if we have beneficial digits, if replacing them would force us to place the mandatory digit in a harmful spot? Actually, replacing a position with a beneficial digit always improves that position (or at least doesn't worsen). However, if we replace a position, we consume a digit and also occupy a position. The mandatory digit must occupy some position. If we replace many positions, we might be forced to place the mandatory digit in a position that we would otherwise keep with a high S digit, causing a downgrade. But we could also choose to not replace that high S position, leaving it as is, and instead place the mandatory digit in a position that we were going to replace with a beneficial digit? That would mean we sacrifice a beneficial upgrade to accommodate the mandatory digit. So there is a trade-off: using a beneficial digit at a position may force the mandatory digit to be placed at a different position, possibly causing a downgrade. The net effect might be negative if the downgrade outweighs the upgrade.

Therefore, we need to decide which positions to upgrade and where to put the mandatory digit to maximize the overall string.

This is reminiscent of a problem where you have a string S and a multiset of letters, you must use all letters (or a specific one) and you can replace any positions, maximizing the result. There is a known solution using a priority queue and greedy from right to left, or using a "matching" approach.

Let's attempt to derive an algorithm.

We have N positions. Let's denote the original digits S[i]. We have a multiset of available digits from T, but we can choose any subset. However, it's optimal to consider using the largest digits from T that can improve S, but we must include T[M]. So we can think of the set of digits we will use as: we will definitely use T[M]; and we will also use some of the other digits from T[1..M-1] that are "useful". But we might also use some digits that are not useful if they allow us to place T[M] in a less harmful way? For example, suppose T[M] is very small, and we have a position with S[i] also very small, maybe even smaller than T[M]? Then placing T[M] there would be an upgrade (since T[M] > S[i]). So it's beneficial. If T[M] is smaller than all S[i], then placing it anywhere is a downgrade. In that case, we might want to minimize the impact by placing it at the rightmost position. But we could also consider not replacing any other positions, so that the only change is the mandatory downgrade at the rightmost position. That might be better than replacing some positions with upgrades but then having to downgrade an earlier position because we ran out of positions? Actually, if we replace some positions with upgrades, we still have to place the mandatory digit somewhere. If we replace a position with an upgrade, that position is occupied by the upgrade digit, so the mandatory digit must go to a different position. If we have many upgrades, we might be forced to place the mandatory digit at a position that we didn't upgrade, which might have a high S digit, causing a downgrade. But we could choose to not upgrade that high S position, leaving it as is, and instead place the mandatory digit at a position with a low S digit (maybe one we were going to upgrade). So we can decide which position gets the mandatory digit. So we can always choose to place the mandatory digit at the position where it causes the least harm, possibly a position we would have upgraded otherwise. So the trade-off is: if we use an upgrade at a position, we might have to forgo using that position for the mandatory digit, which might force the mandatory digit to a worse position. So we need to compare the net effect.

We can think of it as: We have N positions. We will select a set P of positions to replace (with digits from T). The mandatory digit will be assigned to one of these positions (or possibly a position not in P? If we assign the mandatory digit to a position not in P, that position becomes replaced, so it's in P. So P is exactly the set of positions that receive a digit from T. So |P| = r, the number of digits we use. Among these r positions, one gets d_m = T[M]. The other r-1 get other digits from T[1..M-1] that we choose.

The final string: for i in P, digit = assigned digit; for i not in P, digit = S[i].

We want to maximize the string.

We can choose P and the assignment.

Observation: Since we can choose any digits from T[1..M-1], we can always pick the largest possible digits to assign to the positions in P (except the one for d_m). So for a given set P, the optimal assignment is: assign the largest possible digits from T[1..M-1] to the positions in P \ {p_m} where p_m is the position for d_m, and assign d_m to p_m. However, we must also consider that the digits we assign should be as large as possible, but we also need to consider the order: we want larger digits in earlier positions. So given P, we would sort the positions in P in increasing order (left to right). We would assign the largest digit among the chosen ones to the leftmost position, the next largest to the next, etc. But we have a mandatory digit d_m that might not be the largest. So the optimal assignment for a given P is: we have a multiset of digits D = {d_m} ∪ D_other, where D_other is a set of r-1 digits chosen from T[1..M-1]. To maximize the string, we should choose D_other as the largest r-1 digits from T[1..M-1] (since larger digits are always better, as they can be placed in earlier positions to increase the string). However, is it always optimal to take the largest r-1 digits? Possibly yes, because if we have a digit that is not among the largest, we could replace it with a larger one (that we didn't use) and improve the string (by assigning that larger digit to an earlier position). But we must ensure that we don't exceed the count of available digits; we can choose any subset, so we can always take the largest available. So for a given r, the best D_other is the r-1 largest digits from T[1..M-1] (assuming r-1 ≤ M-1). If r-1 > M-1, then we must use all digits from T[1..M-1] and maybe also include some from T[M]? But we already include M, so total digits available is M. Since r ≤ N and also r ≤ M (because we can't use more digits than M). So r ≤ M. If r = M, then we use all digits from T, including M. That's possible only if M ≤ N. In that case, D_other would be all digits from T[1..M-1]. So indeed, for a given r, the optimal D_other is the largest min(r-1, M-1) digits from T[1..M-1], but if r-1 > M-1, then we must include all M-1 digits, and we still need more digits? Actually, r cannot exceed M because we only have M distinct indices. So r ≤ M. So r-1 ≤ M-1. So D_other is exactly the largest r-1 digits from T[1..M-1].

Thus, for a given r (number of replacements), the set of digits we will use is: d_m plus the largest r-1 digits from T[1..M-1]. Let's denote this multiset as D_r.

Now, given D_r, we need to assign them to positions to maximize the final string. The optimal assignment for a given multiset D is: sort D in descending order. Then iterate positions i=1..N. For each position, if the largest remaining digit is greater than S[i], we replace S[i] with that digit (and remove it). Otherwise, we keep S[i] and move on. However, we must use all digits in D, so after processing all positions, if there are still digits left, we must assign them to some positions, which would overwrite S[i] that we kept, potentially decreasing the string. But note: In the greedy process above, if we ever skip replacing a position because the largest remaining digit is not greater than S[i], then all remaining digits are ≤ S[i] (since they are sorted descending). Then for all later positions, S[j] might be smaller or larger? They could be smaller. But if we have digits that are ≤ S[i], they might still be > S[j] for some later j where S[j] is smaller. So skipping a position might be suboptimal if later positions have smaller S values where those digits could be beneficial. The correct greedy algorithm for maximizing the string when we must use all digits is more subtle: we should assign digits to positions where they provide the greatest improvement, considering lexicographic order.

Actually, there is a known result: Given a string S and a multiset of replacement characters, to maximize the resulting string (by replacing distinct positions with these characters, each used once), the optimal strategy is to process from left to right, and at each position, if the largest available character is greater than S[i], replace it; otherwise, keep S[i]. But this works when we are allowed to not use all characters? I recall a problem "Maximum Number" from Codeforces or similar: You have a string and you can change up to k characters to any digits, maximize. That's different.

Let's test with a simple case: S = "19", D = {5,1}. Sorted descending: 5,1. Greedy: i=1, largest=5 > S[1]=1, replace -> 5, remove 5. i=2, largest=1, S[2]=9, 1<9, so keep 9. Final "59". But we must use digit 1, but we didn't assign it. So we have leftover digit 1. We must assign it somewhere, so we need to assign it to some position. If we assign it to position2, we get "51", which is worse than "59". If we assign it to position1, we get "19"? Actually, if we assign 1 to position1 and 5 to position2, we get "15"? Wait, assignment: we have two digits, must assign to two distinct positions. The possible assignments: (pos1=5,pos2=1) -> "51"; (pos1=1,pos2=5) -> "15". The best is "51". But our greedy gave "59" which is not achievable because we didn't use digit 1. So the greedy that skips using a digit is invalid if we must use all digits. So we need to use all digits in D.

Thus, for a given D, we must assign all digits to distinct positions. The optimal assignment is to choose an injection that maximizes the string. This is like we have to "place" all digits, even if some are harmful.

So the problem becomes: Choose r and thus D_r (d_m + top r-1 from T[1..M-1]), then find the best possible final string by assigning these r digits to r distinct positions (overwriting S). We want the maximum over r (1 ≤ r ≤ min(N, M)) of that best string.

Now, we need to compute, for a given multiset D of size r, the maximum string achievable by replacing r positions with these digits (each used once). This is a combinatorial optimization.

We can think of it as: We have original string S. We will select r positions to replace. For each selected position i, we will assign a digit from D. The resulting string is determined. We want to maximize lexicographically.

This is similar to: We want to construct a string of length N that is as large as possible, subject to: it differs from S in at most r positions, and the multiset of new digits at those positions is exactly D (order can be permuted). Actually, exactly r positions are changed, and the set of new digits is D.

We can think of it as: We are allowed to "upgrade" some positions, but we must also possibly "downgrade" others if D contains small digits. The optimal strategy likely is to assign the largest digits to the leftmost positions where they can improve the string, and assign the smallest digits to the rightmost positions where they cause the least harm.

This is reminiscent of the "matching" problem where we have two sequences and we want to maximize the result by replacing. A known technique: sort the positions by some criterion? Or use a priority queue from right to left to decide which positions to replace with which digits.

Let's attempt to solve the assignment problem for a given D.

We have N positions. We have r digits to place. We can choose any r positions. The final string will be: for each position i, if we assign a digit d, that's the value; else S[i].

We want to maximize the string lexicographically.

One way: We can decide the final string digit by digit from left to right. At each position i, we have a choice: either keep S[i] or replace it with some digit from D. But we must eventually use all digits. This is like we have to "spend" the digits. The decision at position i affects the remaining digits.

We can model this as: We have a multiset of digits D. We process positions i=1..N. At each position, we can either take S[i] (if we don't replace) or we can replace it with some digit from D. To maximize, we would like the digit at i to be as large as possible. The maximum possible digit we can place at i is max(S[i], max(D)). But if we place a digit from D, we consume it. So we need to decide whether it's worth using a large digit now or saving it for later.

This is similar to constructing the lexicographically maximum string by using a multiset of characters, where we can replace characters in the original string. There's a classic greedy algorithm using a stack or priority queue: For each position from left to right, we consider whether we can improve it by using a larger digit from D, but we must ensure that we have enough digits left to fill the remaining positions if we skip using a digit now. However, since we are not required to replace a fixed number of positions (we must replace exactly r positions, but r is determined by D's size), we must replace exactly r positions. So we need to choose which positions to replace.

A known approach for such problems is to sort the digits in D in descending order, and then try to match them to positions where they can increase the value, from left to right, but if a digit is not larger than S[i], we might still need to use it later, possibly at a position where S[i] is smaller. So we can think of it as: We want to assign each digit to a position such that the resulting string is maximized. This is equivalent to: We want to maximize the string, which is the same as minimizing the "damage" from small digits.

We can think of the following: Start with the original string S. We will replace some positions with digits from D. The effect on the string can be seen as: For each position i, if we replace with digit d, the change is d - S[i] (in terms of value, but lexicographic is more nuanced). However, lexicographic order is not linear in numeric difference; it's about the first position where they differ.

A more systematic method: We can consider the final string as the result of a process where we decide for each position whether to keep S[i] or replace it. Since we must use all digits in D, the set of positions we replace is exactly the set of positions where the final digit comes from D. So we need to choose an injection f: D -> positions. The final string T_final[i] = f^{-1}(i) if i in image, else S[i].

We want to maximize T_final lexicographically.

This is similar to the problem of "maximum string after applying swaps" but not exactly.

We can think of it as: We have a multiset of "new digits" D. We can think of placing them in the string to override some original digits. The optimal placement is to put the largest digits in the leftmost positions where they would increase the digit, and put the smallest digits in the rightmost positions where they would cause the least decrease (or possibly increase if S[i] is small).

This suggests an algorithm: Sort D in descending order. Also, we can consider the positions in order. We'll try to assign the largest digits to the earliest positions where S[i] is less than that digit. But if at some position, the largest remaining digit is not greater than S[i], we might still want to assign a smaller digit later to a position where S[i] is even smaller, but we might also consider not replacing that position at all (i.e., keep S[i]) and instead replace a later position with that digit. However, we must use all digits, so if we skip replacing at position i, we must replace some later position. The decision should be based on whether using a digit at position i (even if it's not greater than S[i]) could be better than using it later. Since using a digit that is not greater than S[i] at position i would make the digit smaller (or equal), which is harmful. It's better to use such a digit at a later position where S[j] is smaller, so that the harm is less (or possibly beneficial). Therefore, we should only replace a position if the digit we assign is greater than S[i]; otherwise, we should defer using that digit to a later position.

Thus, a plausible greedy: Process positions from left to right. Maintain a multiset of digits D (sorted). At position i, we look at the largest digit in D. If it is greater than S[i], we replace S[i] with that digit (remove it). If it is not greater, then we do not replace at i; we keep S[i]. But we still have to use all digits eventually. However, if we never replace at positions where the largest digit is not greater, we might end up with leftover digits that are all ≤ the remaining S values. In that case, we would have to assign them to some positions, causing decreases. To minimize the impact, we should assign the smallest digits to the rightmost positions. So we could process from right to left for the remaining digits.

A common technique: First, we determine which positions we will replace with digits that are greater than the original (upgrades). For those, we assign the largest possible digits to the leftmost such positions. For the remaining digits (which are not greater than the original at any remaining position), we will assign them to the rightmost positions, replacing the original digits there (which will likely be decreases). This yields the maximum string.

Let's formalize:

Given D (multiset of size r). We want to assign them to positions to maximize final string.

Algorithm:

1. Sort D in descending order: d1 ≥ d2 ≥ ... ≥ dr.

2. We'll decide a set of positions to upgrade (where we place digits that are > S[i]). We want to place the largest digits in the leftmost positions where they can increase the value. So we can iterate i from 1 to N, and maintain a pointer over D. For each i, if the current largest unused digit (say d_j) > S[i], then we assign d_j to position i, and mark i as replaced, and move to next digit. Else, we do not assign any digit to i at this point (we keep S[i] for now). This ensures that we use the largest digits to improve the earliest positions where improvement is possible.

After this pass, we have used some digits (the ones that are > S[i] at the positions we assigned). Let k be the number of digits used. The remaining digits (r - k) are all ≤ the S[i] at the positions where we didn't assign (since we stopped when the largest remaining digit ≤ S[i] at current i, and for later positions, S[i] could be smaller, but we didn't check). Actually, after the loop, we have processed all positions. The remaining digits are those that were not assigned because at the time we reached a position i, the largest remaining digit was ≤ S[i]. However, later positions might have S[j] smaller than that digit, so it could still be beneficial to assign some of those remaining digits to later positions. But our loop stopped assigning when the largest remaining digit ≤ S[i] at position i, but we continued to next positions without checking if the digit could be > S[j] for j>i. That's a flaw. For example, S = "29", D = {5,1}. Sorted: 5,1. i=1: largest=5 > S[1]=2, assign 5 to pos1, used. i=2: largest remaining=1, S[2]=9, 1<9, so we do not assign. After loop, we have leftover digit 1. But we could assign 1 to position2? That would give "25", which is worse than keeping 9? Actually "25" < "29"? 25 < 29, so it's worse. But we must use digit 1. So we have to assign it somewhere. The best is to assign it to position2, resulting "25", which is worse than if we had assigned differently? What if we assigned 5 to position2 and 1 to position1? That gives "15", which is worse. So the best is "25". But our algorithm would produce after first pass: pos1=5, pos2=9 (keep), but we still have digit 1 unused. We need to assign it. We could assign it to position2, overwriting 9 to 1, giving "51"? Wait, if we assign 1 to position2, final would be pos1=5, pos2=1 => "51". That's actually larger than "25"? Compare "51" vs "25": 51 > 25. But is "51" achievable? We have digits 5 and 1. Assign 5 to pos1, 1 to pos2 gives "51". That's better than "25". But our first pass assigned 5 to pos1, and then we have leftover 1. If we assign 1 to pos2, we get "51". That's fine. So after first pass, we have some positions already assigned (pos1). The remaining positions (pos2) are currently kept as S[2]=9, but we can still assign leftover digits to them, overwriting. So we need to decide where to place the remaining digits to maximize the string. Since we already fixed pos1=5, the string so far is 5 at pos1. For pos2, we can either keep 9 or replace with 1. 9 is larger than 1, so we would prefer to keep 9. But we must use digit 1, so we have to replace some position. The only position left is pos2, so we must replace it, getting 1. So final "51". Could we have done better by not assigning 5 to pos1? Suppose we assign 5 to pos2 and 1 to pos1, we get "15". That's worse. So "51" is optimal. So the algorithm: first assign large digits to early positions where they improve, then for the remaining digits, we must assign them to some positions, possibly overwriting original digits that are larger, causing a decrease. To minimize the impact, we should assign the smallest remaining digits to the rightmost positions (since earlier positions are more significant). So after the first pass (where we assigned some digits to positions where they are > S[i]), we have a set of positions that are already assigned (with digits that are improvements). The remaining positions are those not assigned yet. We have leftover digits (which are all ≤ the S[i] at the positions where we stopped assigning? Not necessarily; they could be > S[j] for some later j, but we didn't assign because we stopped at the first position where the largest remaining digit ≤ S[i]. However, after that position, there might be later positions with smaller S where that digit could be > S[j]. For example, S = "19", D = {5,4}. Sorted: 5,4. i=1: largest=5 > S[1]=1, assign 5 to pos1. i=2: largest remaining=4, S[2]=9, 4<9, so we do not assign. But 4 is not >9, so it's not beneficial at pos2. So leftover digit 4 is ≤ S[2]. So no later position with smaller S. But consider S = "91", D = {5,4}. i=1: largest=5, S[1]=9, 5<9, so we do not assign at pos1. i=2: largest=5, S[2]=1, 5>1, so we could assign 5 to pos2. But our loop would have skipped pos1 because 5<9, and then at pos2, we would assign 5? In the described loop, we would at i=1 see largest=5 ≤ S[1]=9, so we do not assign, and we move to i=2. At i=2, we still have largest=5, and 5 > S[2]=1, so we assign 5 to pos2. That's fine. So the loop should continue checking each position; we only skip assigning if the largest remaining digit is ≤ S[i], but we still consider later positions. So the algorithm should be: iterate i from 1 to N, and at each i, if the largest remaining digit > S[i], assign it to i; otherwise, do not assign (keep S[i] for now). This uses digits only when they improve the current position. After the loop, we may have leftover digits that were never assigned because at every position, the largest remaining digit was ≤ S[i] at that time. But note: as we assign digits, the largest remaining digit may decrease. It's possible that at some position i, the largest remaining digit is ≤ S[i], but later at position j>i, S[j] might be smaller, and the largest remaining digit (which hasn't changed) could be > S[j]. However, if at position i we didn't assign because largest ≤ S[i], we still have that digit available. When we move to position j, we will again check the largest remaining digit (which is the same) against S[j]. If it's > S[j], we will assign it. So the loop as described (checking each position) will assign digits to positions where they are beneficial, regardless of order. So after processing all positions, any digit that remains unassigned must be ≤ S[i] for all i that were not assigned? Actually, if a digit remains, it means that for every position i, when we reached i, either we assigned a different digit (maybe a larger one) or we didn't assign because the digit was ≤ S[i] at that time. But after we pass a position, we never reconsider it. So it's possible that a digit could have been assigned to a later position where it is beneficial, but if we skipped it earlier because it wasn't beneficial at that earlier position, we might still assign it later if it becomes beneficial. So the loop will assign it at the first position where it is beneficial? Not exactly; we assign the largest remaining digit at each position if it's beneficial. This is a greedy that might not be optimal for using all digits? Let's test with S = "29", D = {5,4}. Sorted: 5,4. i=1: largest=5 >2, assign 5 to pos1. i=2: largest=4, S[2]=9, 4<9, so not assign. After loop, leftover digit 4. But could we have assigned 4 to pos2? It's not beneficial (4<9), but we must use it. So we have to assign it somewhere, causing a decrease. The best place to assign it is pos2 (since pos1 already has 5, and assigning to pos1 would overwrite 5 with 4, making it worse). So final would be pos1=5, pos2=4 => "54". But is there a better assignment? What if we assign 5 to pos2 and 4 to pos1? That gives "45". "54" > "45". So "54" is best. Our greedy gave pos1=5, pos2=9 (keep) but we still have to place 4, so we must overwrite pos2 to 4, getting "54". That matches optimal. So after loop, we need to assign leftover digits to the remaining positions (those not assigned) in a way that minimizes damage. Since we have to use all digits, we will have to overwrite some of the kept positions with the leftover digits. The best is to overwrite the rightmost positions with the smallest leftover digits.

But is it always optimal to first assign beneficial digits greedily from left to right? Consider a case where assigning a large digit to an early position prevents us from using a slightly smaller digit to improve a later position that is more significant? Actually, later positions are less significant, so improving an earlier position is always more valuable than improving a later one, as long as the improvement is positive. However, there is a nuance: if we assign a large digit to an early position, we consume that digit, and we might be left with a small digit that we must place somewhere, possibly causing a decrease at a later position. Could it be better to not use the large digit at the early position, and instead use it at a later position to avoid having to place a small digit at an even earlier position? For example, suppose S = "19", D = {5,1}. The optimal is "51" as we saw. Greedy: i=1: largest=5 >1, assign 5 to pos1. i=2: largest=1, S[2]=9, 1<9, not assign. Leftover 1 must be placed at pos2, giving "51". That's optimal. If we instead did not assign 5 to pos1, we could assign 5 to pos2 and 1 to pos1, giving "15", which is worse. So greedy works.

Consider S = "55", D = {6,1}. Greedy: i=1: 6>5 assign 6 to pos1. i=2: largest=1, S[2]=5, 1<5 not assign. Leftover 1 must go to pos2, giving "61". Alternative: assign 6 to pos2, 1 to pos1 => "16". 61 > 16. So greedy good.

Consider S = "59", D = {6,5}. Greedy: i=1: 6>5 assign 6 to pos1. i=2: largest=5, S[2]=9, 5<9 not assign. Leftover 5 must go to pos2, giving "65". Alternative: assign 6 to pos2, 5 to pos1 => "56". 65 > 56. So greedy good.

Consider S = "95", D = {6,5}. Greedy: i=1: largest=6, S[1]=9, 6<9 not assign. i=2: largest=6, S[2]=5, 6>5 assign 6 to pos2. Leftover 5 must go to pos1? Actually after assigning 6 to pos2, leftover digit is 5. We still have pos1 not assigned (kept 9). We must assign 5 somewhere; the only position not assigned is pos1, so we overwrite 9 with 5, giving "56". Alternative: assign 6 to pos1 (overwriting 9 to 6) and 5 to pos2 (overwriting 5 to 5, same), giving "65". Which is larger? 65 > 56. So greedy gave 56, but optimal is 65. Let's see: S="95", D={6,5}. Our greedy algorithm as described: iterate i=1: largest=6, compare to S[1]=9, 6<9 so we do not assign. i=2: largest=6, compare to S[2]=5, 6>5 so assign 6 to pos2. Then leftover digit 5 must be placed. The only position not assigned is pos1, so we assign 5 to pos1, resulting "56". But is there a way to get "65"? That would require assigning 6 to pos1 and 5 to pos2. But at i=1, we had the choice: we could assign 6 to pos1 even though 6<9? That would be a downgrade at pos1 (from 9 to 6), but then we would have 5 left for pos2, which is equal to S[2]=5 (no change). The resulting string "65" is larger than "56"? Compare "65" vs "56": 65 > 56. So it's better to take a downgrade at an early position if it allows us to avoid a downgrade at a later position? Actually, in "65", pos1=6 (downgrade from 9), pos2=5 (same). In "56", pos1=5 (downgrade from 9), pos2=6 (upgrade from 5). Which is lexicographically larger? Compare first digit: 6 vs 5, so 65 > 56. So it's better to have a higher digit at the first position, even if it means a larger downgrade at the second? Wait, in "65", first digit is 6, second is 5; in "56", first is 5, second is 6. Since 6 > 5, "65" wins. So it's better to place the larger digit (6) in the earlier position, even though it's a downgrade from 9, rather than placing it in the later position where it's an upgrade. Because the earlier position dominates.

Our greedy algorithm refused to assign 6 to pos1 because 6 < 9 (not an improvement). But by not assigning, we ended up assigning 5 to pos1 (downgrade to 5) and 6 to pos2 (upgrade to 6), resulting in first digit 5. That's worse than having first digit 6. So the greedy rule "assign only if digit > S[i]" is not always optimal when we are forced to use all digits. Because sometimes it's beneficial to accept a downgrade at an early position if it allows us to place a larger digit there, even if that digit is not greater than the original, because the alternative might be an even smaller digit at that position.

In the example, we had two digits: 6 and 5. The original S: 9,5. We must use both digits. The possible assignments:
- (pos1=6, pos2=5): result 65
- (pos1=5, pos2=6): result 56
- (pos1=6, pos2=6?) can't duplicate.
So 65 is best. Here, assigning 6 to pos1 is a downgrade (9->6), but it's better than assigning 5 to pos1 (9->5). So we should assign the larger digit to the earlier position, even if it's not an improvement, because the alternative (assigning a smaller digit) is worse.

Thus, the optimal assignment is: sort the digits in descending order, and assign them to positions in order from left to right, regardless of whether they improve the original digit. But is that always optimal? Let's test with previous examples. S="19", D={5,1}. Sorted descending: 5,1. Assign to positions 1 and 2 in order: pos1=5, pos2=1 => "51". That's optimal. S="29", D={5,4}: assign 5 to pos1, 4 to pos2 => "54". Optimal? Could we get "45"? That's worse. So yes. S="95", D={6,5}: assign 6 to pos1, 5 to pos2 => "65". Optimal. S="91", D={5,4}: assign 5 to pos1, 4 to pos2 => "54". But is there a better? Alternative: assign 5 to pos2, 4 to pos1 => "45". 54 > 45. So yes.

But consider S="99", D={8,7}. Assign 8 to pos1, 7 to pos2 => "87". Alternative: assign 8 to pos2, 7 to pos1 => "78". 87 > 78. So descending order assignment to positions in order seems best.

But is it always optimal to assign the largest digit to the leftmost position? Intuitively, yes, because lexicographic order prioritizes earlier positions. So to maximize, we want the leftmost position to be as large as possible. Given that we must place all digits, the maximum possible digit at position 1 is the maximum digit in D. So we should assign the max digit to position 1. Then, given that, for position 2, we want the maximum possible digit among the remaining digits, because any digit we place at position 2 should be as large as possible given the constraint that position 1 already has the max. This is a simple greedy: sort D descending, assign to positions 1..r in order. But what about positions that we don't replace? In our assignment, we are replacing exactly r positions. Which positions should we replace? We can choose any r positions. If we assign the largest digits to the leftmost positions, we would naturally want to replace the leftmost r positions? Not necessarily, because maybe some leftmost positions already have very high digits that we don't want to overwrite with slightly lower digits, while some later positions have low digits that could benefit more. But the lexicographic order cares about the sequence of digits. If we replace a leftmost position with a digit that is lower than its original, that could hurt. But if we instead replace a later position with that digit, the leftmost position retains its high original digit, which might be better. So we need to decide which positions to replace. The assignment of digits to positions is not forced to be the first r positions; we can choose any set of r positions. So we need to select a set of positions P of size r, and then assign the sorted descending digits to these positions in increasing order of index (i.e., the largest digit to the smallest index in P). Because if we have selected positions, to maximize the string, we should assign the largest digit to the smallest index among P, the second largest to the second smallest, etc. This is intuitive: within the set of replaced positions, we want the larger digits to appear earlier.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Choose a set P of r positions (1 ≤ r ≤ min(N,M)), and then assign the r digits (which are d_m plus the top r-1 from T[1..M-1]) to these positions in increasing order of index with digits sorted descending. The final string is: for i in P, digit = assigned digit (according to order), for i not in P, digit = S[i].

We want to maximize the resulting string over r and P.

Now, note that the digits we use are determined by r: D_r = {T[M]} ∪ (top r-1 digits from T[1..M-1]). Let's denote the sorted descending list of D_r as A_r[1..r] (A_r[1] is largest, A_r[r] smallest). Then for a chosen set P of size r, with positions sorted increasingly p1 < p2 < ... < pr, the final string will have at those positions: S_final[p_j] = A_r[j] (since we assign largest to smallest index). For other positions i not in P, S_final[i] = S[i].

We need to choose P to maximize the string.

This is reminiscent of selecting which positions to replace to get the best possible string, given a sequence of replacement digits sorted descending.

We can think of constructing the final string by deciding, for each position from left to right, whether to take S[i] or one of the replacement digits. Since the replacement digits are sorted and we assign them in order to the positions we choose, this is similar to merging two sequences: the original S and the replacement digits A_r, but we can only take at most one digit from A_r per position, and we must take exactly r digits from A_r, and they must be taken in order (i.e., the first taken digit is A_r[1], second is A_r[2], etc.). The positions where we take from A_r are exactly P, and they must be in increasing order. So the final string is the result of interleaving the sequence A_r (in order) into the original S at chosen positions, replacing the original digits at those positions.

We want to maximize the resulting string lexicographically.

This is similar to the problem: Given two strings X (original) and Y (replacement digits sorted descending), we can replace some characters of X with characters of Y in order (i.e., we take Y[1], Y[2], ... and place them at increasing positions in X, overwriting the original). We want to maximize the resulting string.

We can decide at each position whether to take X[i] or the next unused Y character. This is like we have a choice, and we want the lexicographically maximum result.

This can be solved with a greedy algorithm using a stack or by comparing future possibilities. There's a known technique: To maximize the string, we should replace a position if the next Y character is greater than X[i], but also consider that we might want to save Y characters for later positions where they could make a bigger difference. However, since Y is sorted descending, the earlier Y characters are larger. So intuitively, we want to use the largest Y characters as early as possible, but only if they improve the string. If a Y character is not greater than X[i], using it would make the digit smaller, which is bad. But maybe we are forced to use it because we must use all Y characters. So we might have to use some Y characters even if they are not greater than X[i] at the position we place them. To minimize damage, we would place the smallest Y characters at the rightmost positions possible.

Thus, the optimal strategy for a given A_r is: We will decide which positions to replace. We want to place the large A_r digits in early positions where they can increase the digit, and place the small A_r digits in late positions where they cause minimal harm. This is similar to: We will try to "upgrade" as many early positions as possible with the large digits, and for the remaining digits (which are small), we will place them in the latest possible positions (to keep earlier digits high).

We can formulate as: Let A = A_r sorted descending. We need to choose r positions. The final string is determined by: for each i, if we assign a digit from A, we take the next unused from A (in order) at the chosen positions. Since A is descending, the assignment order is forced: the first chosen position gets A[1], second gets A[2], etc.

Thus, we can think of processing positions from left to right, and we have a pointer j over A (starting at 1). At each position i, we have two options: either we take S[i] (i.e., not replace), or we replace with A[j] (and increment j). We must end with j = r+1 (all A used). We want to maximize the resulting string.

This is a classic DP/greedy problem: given two sequences, choose a subsequence of positions to replace with the other sequence in order, to maximize lexicographically. This can be solved greedily by considering that we should replace at position i if A[j] > S[i], because that yields a larger digit at that position. But if A[j] <= S[i], replacing would make it smaller or equal, which is not beneficial. However, we might be forced to replace later because we need to use all A. So we might need to replace some positions even if A[j] <= S[i]. The question is which positions to replace when A[j] <= S[i] to minimize the negative impact.

A known approach: We can process from right to left to decide where to place the small digits. Alternatively, we can think of it as: We want to maximize the string, so we want the earliest possible position where the final string differs from S to be as large as possible. This suggests that we should try to make the prefix as large as possible. So we should replace a position i with A[j] if A[j] > S[i], because that increases the digit at i, which is beneficial. If A[j] <= S[i], replacing would not increase (could decrease), so we would prefer not to replace at i, unless we are forced to because we need to use all A and later positions might be even worse. But if we skip replacing at i, we keep S[i], which is at least as large as A[j] (since A[j] <= S[i]). However, we still have to place A[j] somewhere later. If we place it later at position k > i, then at position k we will have A[j] instead of S[k]. Since A[j] <= S[i] and S[i] might be larger than S[k]? Not necessarily. But the key is: by not replacing at i, we keep a larger digit at i, which is good. The cost is that we will have to place A[j] at some later position, possibly making that digit smaller. Since later positions are less significant, this is generally better than making an earlier position smaller. Therefore, the optimal strategy is: For each digit in A from largest to smallest, we should try to place it at the leftmost position where it can improve the string (i.e., where it is greater than S[i]), and if no such position exists (i.e., the digit is <= all remaining S[i]), then we should place it at the rightmost possible position (to minimize impact). This is similar to the algorithm for "maximum string after replacements" often solved with a stack or by processing from right.

We can implement this as follows for a given A:

- We'll create an array result initially equal to S.
- We'll process A in descending order (largest first). For each digit a in A, we will find the leftmost position i (from 1 to N) such that result[i] < a and we haven't already assigned a digit to that position? But careful: Once we assign a digit to a position, that position is fixed. We need to assign all digits. The order of assignment matters because later assignments can overwrite earlier ones? But in our model, each position gets exactly one digit from A (if replaced) or S (if not). We cannot assign two digits to the same position. So we need to choose distinct positions for each a.

One method: We can think of it as we have a list of positions that are "available" for replacement. We want to assign the largest a to the leftmost available position where a > S[i] (to improve), and if no such position, assign it to the rightmost available position (to minimize harm). This is similar to the algorithm for "maximum number after applying swaps" but with a multiset.

But we must also consider that after we assign a digit to a position, that position is no longer available. And the order of processing a from largest to smallest ensures that larger digits get priority for beneficial placements.

Let's test this heuristic on the earlier counterexample: S="95", A=[6,5] (descending). Process a=6: Find leftmost i where S[i] < 6? S[1]=9 >6, S[2]=5 <6. So i=2 is leftmost where S[i] <6? Actually leftmost is i=2? i=1 has 9>6, not less. So leftmost with S[i] <6 is i=2. So assign 6 to position2. Then process a=5: Now available positions are only position1 (since position2 taken). For a=5, we look for leftmost available where S[i] <5? S[1]=9 >5, so none. So we assign to the rightmost available position, which is position1. Result: pos1=5, pos2=6 => "56". But we know optimal is "65". So this heuristic fails because it assigned 6 to position2 (improvement) and then forced 5 to position1 (downgrade). The optimal was to assign 6 to position1 (downgrade) and 5 to position2 (no change? Actually 5 equals S[2]=5, so no change). That yields "65". So why did the heuristic choose to improve position2? Because it sought to improve a position where a > S[i]. But improving a later position at the cost of a larger downgrade at an earlier position may not be optimal. In this case, improving position2 from 5 to 6 gives a gain of +1 at position2, but causes position1 to go from 9 to 5, a loss of -4 at position1. Since position1 is more significant, the net effect is negative. The heuristic of always improving the leftmost possible position where a > S[i] is not optimal because it might use a large digit to improve a later position while leaving an earlier position to be filled with a smaller digit, causing a larger decrease earlier.

Thus, we need a more global optimization.

We can think of this as: We need to choose a set P of positions to replace. The final string is determined by assigning A[1..r] to P in increasing order. So we can think of the final string as: for each position i, if i is the k-th smallest in P, then digit = A[k]; else S[i].

We want to maximize this string.

This is similar to: We have two strings: S and A (sorted descending). We want to merge them by taking some positions from A and some from S, preserving the order of A (i.e., the A characters must appear in order in the final string). This is like we are constructing a string of length N by taking either S[i] or the next character from A, and we must take exactly r characters from A. We want the lexicographically maximum result.

This can be solved with a greedy algorithm that processes from left to right, but we need to decide when to take from A. There is a known technique using a "stack" or "priority queue" for similar problems like "Create Maximum Number" (Leetcode 321) where you merge two arrays to form the maximum number of length k. However, that problem involves selecting subsequences from two arrays and merging them preserving order. Here, we have a fixed original string S, and we can replace some positions with characters from A in order, but we cannot reorder A; it must be placed in increasing positions. This is analogous to: We have string S, and we want to replace some characters with characters from A (in order) to maximize the result. This is like we have to choose a subsequence of positions to replace, and then the final string is the result of replacing those positions with A in order.

We can think of it as: We want to produce the maximum string by possibly overwriting some characters with A. This is similar to the problem of "maximum string after at most k changes" but with a specific set of changes.

Another perspective: Since A is sorted descending, we can consider that we would like the final string to be as large as possible. This is equivalent to: We want to choose P such that when we replace, the resulting string is maximized. This can be approached by comparing two candidate sets.

We can try to derive a direct method to compute the maximum possible final string without iterating over r, by considering the entire T and the constraint that we must include T[M].

Maybe we can think of the process in terms of the original operations and use a data structure to simulate optimally. There might be a simpler solution: The maximum final string is obtained by taking the original S and then, for each position from left to right, if there exists a digit in T that is greater than S[i] and that can be placed without violating the mandatory inclusion of T[M], we replace it with the largest such digit, and we remove that digit from T. But we must also ensure that T[M] is used. This resembles a greedy where we try to improve the string as much as possible, but we must reserve T[M] for the end.

Let's attempt to design an algorithm based on the following: We have T as a multiset. We must use T[M]. We can use any other digits. We want to maximize S. This is similar to: We want to replace some positions with digits from T to maximize S, with the constraint that T[M] must be used. This is like we have a bag of digits, we must use one specific digit, and we can use others optionally. We want to apply replacements to get the maximum string.

We can think of it as: We will decide the final string digit by digit from left to right. At each position i, we consider the best possible digit we can achieve, given the remaining digits and the constraint that T[M] must be placed somewhere later.

This is reminiscent of a problem where you have a string and you can change characters using a set of characters, and you must use a particular character. A common technique is to use a priority queue (max-heap) of available digits from T, and process positions from right to left, deciding whether to replace.

Let's consider processing from right to left. Since the mandatory digit T[M] must be placed somewhere, we can think of it as we have to "spend" it. If we process from right to left, we can decide to place T[M] at the rightmost position where it would be beneficial or least harmful.

But maybe there's a simpler reduction: Since we can choose any subset of T indices (including M) up to N, and assign them arbitrarily to positions, the maximum final string is simply: take the original S, and then replace some positions with the largest possible digits from T, but ensuring that T[M] is included. However, we must also consider that we might not want to replace a position if the replacement digit is not larger than the original, unless forced.

But the earlier counterexample shows that sometimes it's better to replace an early position with a digit that is not larger than the original, if the alternative is to replace it with an even smaller digit. In that example, S[1]=9, we had digits 6 and 5. The best was to replace with 6 (downgrade) rather than 5 (bigger downgrade). So essentially, if we have to replace a position (because we must use a digit), we would like to use the largest available digit for that position, even if it's a downgrade, because the alternative (using a smaller digit) is worse. So the decision of which positions to replace is intertwined with the digits we have.

Given that we can choose which digits to use (from T[1..M-1]), we can avoid using digits that are too small if they would cause harm. But we must use T[M]. So if T[M] is small, we might be forced to cause a downgrade somewhere. To minimize the impact, we would place T[M] at the rightmost possible position. Additionally, we might also choose to use some other small digits if they allow us to use larger digits elsewhere? Actually, using an extra digit consumes a position. If we use an extra digit that is larger than the original at some position, it's beneficial. If it's not larger, it's harmful. So we would only use extra digits that are beneficial (i.e., > S[i] at the position we place them). However, using a beneficial digit might force us to place the mandatory digit at a different position, possibly causing harm. So we need to weigh the benefit of using a beneficial digit against the harm of placing the mandatory digit.

We can think of it as: We have a mandatory digit d_m. We also have a set of optional digits from T[1..M-1]. We can choose a subset O of optional digits to use. Then we will have total digits D = {d_m} ∪ O, of size r = 1 + |O|. We will assign them to positions as described (largest to leftmost positions among chosen set). The final string is determined.

We want to maximize over O.

We can attempt to compute the optimal final string directly by considering the following: Since we can choose any subset O, we can think of the process as we are allowed to "upgrade" some positions using the largest available optional digits, but we must also accommodate d_m.

Maybe we can transform the problem into: We want to maximize the string, which is equivalent to: We want to maximize the sequence after possibly replacing some positions with digits from T, with the constraint that T[M] is used. This is similar to: We have a string S, and we have a multiset of "improvement" digits (from T[1..M-1]) that we can use to replace positions where they are greater than S[i], and we also have a mandatory digit that we must place somewhere, possibly causing a downgrade.

We can think of it as: We will first ignore the mandatory digit and try to maximize the string using any number of optional digits (up to N-1, because one position will be reserved for mandatory). Then we will insert the mandatory digit at the best possible position (likely the rightmost) and adjust.

But the interaction is more complex because using an optional digit might take a position that could have been used for the mandatory digit with less harm.

Alternate approach: Since N and M up to 1e6, we need an O(N + M) or O(N log N) solution.

We need to find the maximum possible final string. Perhaps there is a simpler characterization: The maximum final string is obtained by taking the original S and then, for each position from left to right, if there exists a digit in T that is greater than S[i] and that digit is not T[M] or we can still place T[M] later, we replace S[i] with the largest such digit, and remove that digit from T. After processing all positions, we must place T[M] somewhere; we place it at the rightmost position where it causes the least decrease (or maybe we already placed it if it was used as a replacement). This resembles a greedy with a max-heap of available digits from T, and we process positions from left to right, but we must ensure that T[M] is not used prematurely if it's not beneficial? But we can always decide to use T[M] later.

Let's try to design such a greedy:

We have a multiset of digits from T, with the knowledge that we must use T[M] exactly once. We can use other digits at most once. We process positions i=1..N. At each position, we want to decide the final digit. We have the option to keep S[i] or replace it with some digit from the multiset. To maximize, we would like the digit to be as large as possible. The maximum digit we could place at i is max(S[i], max(available digits)). However, if we use a digit now, it's gone. Also, we must ensure that we can still place T[M] somewhere later (if not already placed). So we need to keep T[M] available until we place it.

A common strategy for such problems is to use a max-heap of available digits, and when we encounter a position where the top of the heap is greater than S[i], we replace S[i] with that digit (pop from heap). Otherwise, we keep S[i]. After processing all positions, if T[M] hasn't been used, we must place it somewhere. We would then place it at the rightmost position where it would cause the least harm, i.e., we would replace the smallest possible digit in the suffix with T[M], but we need to ensure the final string is maximized. This is similar to the algorithm for "Maximum Number After One Swap" but with multiple swaps.

But does this greedy produce the optimal result? Let's test on the counterexample S="95", T="65"? Actually T would be something like T[1]=6, T[2]=5, M=2, d_m=5. Our greedy: available digits = {6,5}. Process i=1: max available =6, compare to S[1]=9, 6<9, so we keep 9. i=2: max available =6, compare to S[2]=5, 6>5, so we replace with 6, pop 6. Now available left = {5}. After loop, we haven't used d_m=5, so we must place it somewhere. The only position not replaced is i=1 (since we replaced i=2). We could replace i=1 with 5, resulting "59". Or we could replace i=2 (already replaced) with 5? But i=2 already has 6; we could overwrite it with 5, but that would mean we didn't use 6? Actually we used 6 at i=2. To place 5, we need to assign it to a position not yet assigned a digit from T. Since we already assigned 6 to i=2, we could reassign? In our model, each position can only have one final digit. So if we already decided to replace i=2 with 6, we cannot also put 5 there unless we change the assignment. The greedy as described makes irrevocable decisions: once we replace a position with a digit, that position is fixed. So after processing, we have final digits: pos1=9 (kept), pos2=6 (replaced). We still have digit 5 unused. We must use it, so we need to replace some position with 5. The only position we could replace is pos1 (since pos2 already has 6, but we could overwrite pos2 with 5, but that would mean we didn't use 6? Actually we used 6, but if we overwrite pos2 with 5, then the final digit at pos2 becomes 5, and 6 is not used? But we must use all digits we selected? In this greedy, we are not pre-selecting a set; we are deciding on the fly which digits to use. We used 6, but we still have 5 left. We could choose to not use 6? But we already used it. To use 5, we must assign it to some position, possibly overwriting a previous assignment. That would mean the previous assignment (6) is not the final digit for that position; it would be overwritten by 5, so 6 would not appear in the final string. But then we would have used 6 but it got overwritten, so effectively we didn't use 6 as a keeper; it became a wasted operation. That's allowed, as long as we still use 5 as a keeper. So we could change our mind: after processing, we could decide to replace pos2 with 5 instead of 6, and not use 6 at all. That would give "95"? Actually pos1=9, pos2=5 => "95". Or we could replace pos1 with 5 and keep pos2=6 => "56". Which is better? "95" vs "56": 95 > 56. So the best is to not use 6 at all, and just use 5 at pos2? But we must use T[M]=5, and we can choose to not use 6. So the optimal is to use only the mandatory digit 5, and place it at pos2 (since 5 = S[2], no change) or at pos1? If we place 5 at pos1, we get "55"? Actually S[1]=9, so replacing with 5 gives "55"? Wait pos2 remains 5? Original S[2]=5, so if we replace pos1 with 5 and keep pos2=5, we get "55". That's worse than "95". So best is to place 5 at pos2 (no change) and keep pos1=9, resulting "95". But is "95" achievable? With T digits 6 and 5, we must assign both operations? Wait we have M=2 operations, we must assign both. But we can waste the 6 by assigning it to a position that later gets overwritten by 5. For example: operation1 (6) assign to pos1, operation2 (5) assign to pos1, overwriting, final pos1=5, pos2=5? That gives "55". Not good. Or operation1 assign to pos2, operation2 assign to pos2, final pos2=5, pos1=9 => "95". Yes! That works: assign op1 (6) to pos2, then op2 (5) to pos2, overwriting, so final pos2=5, pos1=9. So "95" is achievable. That's even better than "65" or "56". So the maximum for S="95", T="65" is actually "95"? Let's check: S=95, T digits 6 and 5, M=2, must include T[2]=5. Can we achieve "95"? Yes, as described. Can we achieve "96"? No, because we don't have 9. Can we achieve "99"? No. So "95" is the maximum? Compare "95" vs "65": 95 > 65. So the optimal is to not use the 6 at all (i.e., waste it) and just use the 5 at position2 (which is already 5, so no change). That yields "95". But wait, is "95" achievable without changing S? S is "95". If we do nothing? But we must perform operations. However, we can assign operations in a way that the final string remains "95". As shown: assign op1 (6) to pos2, op2 (5) to pos2, final pos2=5 (same as original), pos1=9 unchanged. So yes, we can keep S unchanged if we overwrite a position with the same digit? Actually pos2 original is 5, we overwrite with 5, so unchanged. So final is "95". So the maximum is "95". That's even better than our earlier thought of "65". So our earlier assumption that we must use all selected digits was wrong because we can choose not to use a digit as a keeper; we can waste it by overwriting. In the selection model, we are not forced to use a digit as a keeper; we can include it in the set K only if we want it to appear in the final string. If we don't want a digit to appear, we simply don't include its index in K. In the example, we can choose K = {2} only (since M=2 must be included). Then D = {5}. We assign 5 to some position. We can assign it to position2 (which is already 5), resulting in no change, and position1 stays 9. So final "95". That's optimal. So we are not forced to use other digits. Therefore, the optimal strategy is to select a set K that includes M, and we can choose to not include other digits even if they are large, if including them would force us to replace a position with a digit that is not beneficial (or less beneficial than keeping original). In the example, including 6 would force us to replace some position with 6. If we replace position1 with 6, we get "65" (since position2 would be 5 from mandatory? Actually if we include 6, we have D={6,5}. We must assign both. The best assignment for D is to assign 6 to position1 and 5 to position2, giving "65". That's worse than "95". So we should not include 6. So the optimal K is just {2}. So we only use the mandatory digit if it's beneficial or neutral, and we avoid using other digits if they cause harm.

Thus, the problem reduces to: We can choose any subset K of indices from T that includes M, of size at most N. For each such K, we get a multiset D = {T[k] : k in K}. Then we assign D to positions to maximize the string, with the assignment rule: we can assign digits to any distinct positions, and we want to maximize the resulting string. Since we can choose which positions to replace, we can always choose to not replace a position if replacing would make it worse, unless we are forced to because we have to place all digits in D. But we can choose K to avoid including digits that would force a downgrade. So the optimal K will consist of digits that are "useful" in the sense that they can be placed in positions where they improve the string (or at least not worsen it), and we will place them in the best possible positions.

But we must include M. So if T[M] is not useful (i.e., it is ≤ S[i] for all i, and placing it anywhere would cause a downgrade or no improvement), we might still be forced to include it, causing a downgrade somewhere. We can choose to place it in the position where it causes the least harm (rightmost, or where S[i] is smallest). So we need to account for that.

Thus, the optimization is: Choose a set K containing M, with |K| ≤ N, and then assign the digits to positions optimally. Since we can choose K, we can decide how many and which digits to include.

We need to find the maximum possible final string.

This is starting to look like we can treat the problem as: We have a pool of digits from T (including M). We can select any number of them (up to N) to place into S, each at most once, to maximize the resulting string. This is essentially: we can replace any subset of positions with digits from T, with the constraint that we must use T[M] at least once. We want to maximize the final string.

Now, this is similar to: We have S, and we have a multiset of available digits (from T). We can replace any position with any digit from the multiset, each digit used at most once. We must use T[M]. We want to maximize the string.

This is a classic problem: Given a string and a multiset of replacement characters, maximize the string by replacing some characters (each replacement uses one character from the multiset). This can be solved by a greedy algorithm: sort the replacement characters in descending order. Then, for each position from left to right, if the largest remaining replacement character is greater than S[i], replace S[i] with that character; otherwise, keep S[i]. After processing all positions, if we still have replacement characters left (including possibly T[M] if not used), we must place them somewhere. But we can choose to not use some replacement characters; we are not forced to use all. However, we must use T[M]. So if after the greedy we haven't used T[M], we need to place it somewhere, possibly overwriting a kept character, which might decrease the string. We would place it at the rightmost position where it causes the least decrease (or maybe at a position where it is equal to S[i] to avoid decrease). Also, we might have used some other digits that are not T[M]; we can choose to not use them if they are not beneficial. The greedy algorithm that only replaces when beneficial and uses the largest digits first seems to produce a good candidate. But we must ensure that T[M] is used. So we could run the greedy with all digits, but then if T[M] is not used, we force it in at the best position.

However, is it always optimal to use all beneficial digits? Consider S="95", T digits {6,5} with M=2 (d_m=5). The beneficial digits: 6 is beneficial at position2 (since 6>5), but not at position1 (6<9). If we use 6, we would replace position2 with 6, and then we must also use 5. The best placement for 5 would be position1 (since position2 already taken), resulting "56"? Actually if we replace position2 with 6, we have 5 left. We could place 5 at position1, getting "56". That's worse than not using 6 at all and just using 5 at position2 (or even not using 5? but must use 5). If we don't use 6, we just use 5 at position2 (no change), resulting "95". So using the beneficial digit 6 actually leads to a worse outcome because it forces us to use 5 at a more significant position. So it's not optimal to use all beneficial digits; we need to consider the mandatory digit's placement.

Thus, the decision to include an optional digit depends on whether the benefit of using it outweighs the cost of having to place the mandatory digit in a worse position (or the cost of having to place another optional digit that is harmful). Since we can choose any subset, we can decide to include only those optional digits that provide net benefit.

We can think of it as: We have a mandatory digit d_m. We can also include some optional digits. When we include an optional digit, we will have to assign it to some position, and also we will have to assign d_m to some position (if not already assigned). The positions we assign will be distinct. The final string will be the original S with some positions overwritten. The effect of including a set of optional digits O is that we will replace |O|+1 positions. We can choose which positions to replace. The optimal assignment for a given set D is to assign the largest digit to the leftmost chosen position, etc. So we need to evaluate the resulting string for each possible set O, but that's too many.

We need a more efficient method.

Perhaps we can reframe the problem in terms of the operations directly. There might be a known solution: The maximum final string is obtained by taking the original S and then, for each position from left to right, if there is a larger digit available in T that can be placed without making it impossible to place T[M] later, we replace. This resembles a greedy with a constraint that we must keep at least one position for T[M] if it's not placed yet.

Let's attempt to design an algorithm that processes positions from left to right, maintaining a multiset of available digits from T (initially all digits). We also know that we must use T[M] exactly once. At each position i, we can decide to replace S[i] with some digit from the multiset, or keep it. We want to maximize the final string. This is similar to a decision process with future constraints.

We can think of it as: We have to end with a string where the set of positions that are replaced corresponds to the digits we used. We can decide at each step which digit to use if we replace. Since we can reorder assignments arbitrarily (we are not constrained by the order of T when assigning to positions, only that each operation must be assigned at its time, but we already abstracted that away), we can treat the digits as a multiset that we can use in any order. So we can decide the final string without considering the order of operations, as long as we respect that T[M] must be used.

Thus, we have a multiset of digits from T, with one distinguished digit d_m that must be used. We can use any subset of the other digits. We want to replace some positions in S with these digits to maximize the string.

This is reminiscent of the problem where you have a string and you can increase some characters using a pool of characters, but you must use a specific character. This can be solved by considering that we can always place d_m at the end if it's not beneficial.

Maybe we can solve by considering two cases: whether d_m is used to improve a position or not. We can try to compute the best possible string assuming we will use d_m at some position p. Then for the other positions, we can use the best available digits from the rest of T (excluding the one used for d_m) to improve other positions, but we must ensure we don't use more than N-1 other digits.

So we could iterate over which position gets d_m? That would be O(N) which is okay (N up to 1e6). For each possible position p where we place d_m, we can compute the best possible string by using the other digits optimally. Then take the maximum over p. However, we also need to consider that we might not use any other digits, or use a subset. But we can compute the best string given that d_m is fixed at position p.

Given that d_m is placed at position p, we have the remaining digits from T (excluding the index M, but we can also choose not to use some). We can use any subset of the remaining M-1 digits to replace other positions (distinct from p). We want to maximize the string.

Now, with d_m fixed at p, the problem reduces to: We have original S, we must replace position p with d_m (overwriting S[p]). For the other positions, we can optionally replace them with digits from the multiset R = T[1..M-1] (each at most once). We want to maximize the final string.

This is now a simpler problem: we have a string S, we have a multiset R of available digits, we can replace any subset of positions (excluding p? Actually we can replace any positions, including p is already replaced) with digits from R, each at most once, to maximize the string. There is no mandatory digit now (since d_m is already placed). We can choose to use any number of digits from R, up to N-1 (since p is already taken). We want the maximum string.

This subproblem is: Given S and a multiset R of digits, we can replace any positions with digits from R (each used at most once) to maximize the string. We can choose which positions to replace and which digits to use. This is similar to the earlier problem but without a mandatory digit.

Now, what is the optimal strategy for this subproblem? We can replace a position only if the digit we assign is greater than the original S[i]; otherwise, it's not beneficial (since it would decrease the digit). However, we are not forced to use all digits; we can choose to use only those that are beneficial. So the optimal is: For each position from left to right, if there exists a digit in R that is greater than S[i], we should replace S[i] with the largest such digit available, and remove that digit from R. This greedy seems optimal because using a larger digit earlier always improves the string, and using a digit that is not greater would never be beneficial (since we can simply not use it). Also, using a digit at a later position when it could have been used earlier to improve an earlier position would be suboptimal because improving an earlier position yields a larger lexicographic gain. So the greedy of scanning left to right, and whenever we have a digit larger than S[i], we replace with the largest available, should yield the maximum string.

But is there any scenario where using a digit that is not greater than S[i] could be beneficial because it allows us to use an even larger digit later? No, because digits are independent; using a digit at a position doesn't affect the availability of other digits except by consuming one. If we have a digit that is not greater than S[i], using it would make that position smaller or equal, which is never beneficial compared to keeping S[i]. Since we are not forced to use all digits, we can simply not use it. So we should only use digits that are strictly greater than the original digit at the position we place them. Also, we should place the largest possible digits in the earliest positions where they can improve.

Thus, for the subproblem (with no mandatory digit), the optimal strategy is: Sort R in descending order. Iterate i from 1 to N. For each i, if the largest remaining digit in R is greater than S[i], replace S[i] with that digit and remove it; otherwise, keep S[i]. This yields the maximum string.

We need to verify with examples. S="95", R={6}. Largest=6, i=1: 6<9, keep. i=2: 6>5, replace, result "96"? Actually S[2]=5, replace with 6 gives "96". That's better than "95". So optimal is "96". But can we achieve "96"? Yes, by using digit 6 at position2. So the greedy works.

S="59", R={6}. i=1: 6>5, replace -> "69". i=2: no digits left, keep 9 => "69". That's optimal.

S="55", R={6,4}. Sorted: 6,4. i=1: 6>5, replace with 6 -> "65". i=2: largest remaining=4, 4<5, keep 5 -> "65". Could we do better by using 4 at position2? That would give "64", worse. Using 6 at position2 and 4 at position1 gives "46", worse. So "65" is optimal.

S="95", R={6,5}. Sorted:6,5. i=1:6<9 keep; i=2:6>5 replace with6 -> "96". Then we have leftover 5, but we don't have to use it. So result "96". Is "96" achievable? With digits 6 and 5, we can use only 6 at position2, and not use 5. That's allowed because we are not forced to use all digits. So "96" is achievable and better than "95". But earlier we thought with mandatory digit 5 we couldn't achieve "96" because we had to use 5. In this subproblem, we are not forced to use 5, so we can achieve "96". So the subproblem solution is clear.

Now, back to the original problem with mandatory d_m. We need to consider placement of d_m. For each possible position p where we place d_m, we can compute the best string by applying the greedy algorithm on the remaining positions with the remaining digits R (which are T[1..M-1]), but we must also consider that we might also use d_m itself if it is beneficial? But we are fixing that d_m is placed at p, overwriting S[p] with d_m. This could be beneficial if d_m > S[p], neutral if equal, or harmful if d_m < S[p]. After placing d_m, we then apply the greedy on the other positions using R, but note that we can also choose to not use some digits from R. The greedy will use only digits that improve the string.

Thus, for each p, the resulting string would be: S'[p] = d_m; for other positions, we compute the best possible string given that we can use digits from R to replace some of them, with the greedy algorithm that only replaces when beneficial.

But is it sufficient to consider only placements where d_m is placed at a single position? Yes, because d_m must be used exactly once. So we can iterate over p from 1 to N, compute the string that results from placing d_m at p and then optimally using R on the rest, and take the maximum lexicographically.

However, we must also consider that we might choose not to use any digits from R, which the greedy will handle (it will only use if beneficial). Also, we might choose to use some digits from R even if they are not beneficial? No, that would never improve the string, so we wouldn't.

Thus, the algorithm: For each position p (1-indexed), we compute a candidate string where we set position p to d_m, and for all other positions i ≠ p, we apply the following: we have a multiset R = T[1..M-1] (all digits except the last). We will replace some of these positions with digits from R in a greedy manner: sort R descending; iterate i from 1 to N, skipping p (since it's already set), and if the current largest remaining digit > S[i], then set that position to that digit and consume it; otherwise, keep S[i]. This yields a candidate string. Then we take the lexicographically maximum candidate over all p.

But is this correct? Let's test on the earlier counterexample: S="95", T="65", M=2, d_m=5, R={6}. For p=1: set pos1=5, then for other positions: i=2, largest in R=6 > S[2]=5, so replace pos2 with 6 => string "56". For p=2: set pos2=5, then i=1, largest=6 > S[1]=9? 6<9, so keep pos1=9 => string "95". So candidates: "56" and "95". Max is "95". That matches optimal.

Now test Sample1: N=3, S="191", T="325", M=3, d_m=5, R={3,2}. We'll compute for each p.

p=1: set pos1=5. Then for i=2,3 with R sorted [3,2]. i=2: largest=3 > S[2]=9? 3<9, keep 9. i=3: largest=3 > S[3]=1? 3>1, replace with 3, consume 3. Now R left {2}. i done? Actually after i=3, we have consumed 3. But we still have digit 2 unused, but we are not forced to use it. So final: pos1=5, pos2=9, pos3=3 => "593". That's candidate.

p=2: set pos2=5. Then i=1: largest=3 > S[1]=1? 3>1, replace pos1 with 3, consume 3. i=3: largest now=2 > S[3]=1? 2>1, replace pos3 with 2 => "3,5,2" => "352". But we could also choose not to use 2? The greedy would use it because it's beneficial (2>1). So "352". Could we do better by not using 2? If we don't use 2, we get "3,5,1" = "351". "352" > "351", so using 2 is better. So candidate "352".

p=3: set pos3=5. Then i=1: largest=3 >1, replace pos1 with 3. i=2: largest=2 >9? 2<9, keep 9. So "3,9,5" = "395". Also we have digit 2 unused, but not beneficial at pos2, so not used. So "395".

Now max among "593", "352", "395" is "593". That matches sample.

But wait, is there a candidate where we don't place d_m at any position? No, must include. So "593" is max.

Now Sample2: N=3, S="191", T="998244353", M=9, d_m=3, R = digits from T[1..8] = [9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5]? Actually T: 1:9,2:9,3:8,4:2,5:4,6:4,7:3,8:5,9:3. So R = {9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5}. We need to compute candidates for p=1,2,3.

We can compute quickly: We want max string. Likely p=3 (place 3 at last position) yields best. Let's test p=3: set pos3=3. Then for i=1,2, we have R sorted descending: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,2. Greedy: i=1: largest=9 >1, replace pos1 with 9, consume one 9. i=2: largest=9 >9? 9 is not >9 (equal), so keep 9? Actually condition: if largest > S[i], replace. Here S[2]=9, largest=9 is not greater, so keep 9. So final: pos1=9, pos2=9, pos3=3 => "993". That's sample output. p=2: set pos2=3, then i=1: largest=9 >1 replace ->9; i=3: largest=9 >1? S[3]=1, replace with 9? But we have two 9's, after using one at pos1, we have another 9. So pos3=9 => "9,3,9" = "939". p=1: set pos1=3, then i=2: largest=9 >9? no, keep 9; i=3: largest=9 >1 replace ->9 => "3,9,9" = "399". So max is "993". Good.

Now Sample3: We'll test later.

Thus, the algorithm of iterating over p and applying greedy on the rest seems to produce correct results for these examples.

But is it always optimal? We need to ensure that for a fixed p, the greedy on the rest with R is optimal. Since after fixing d_m at p, we have no other mandatory digits, and we can choose any subset of R to use. The greedy that replaces a position i (i≠p) with the largest available digit from R if that digit > S[i] is optimal because:

- We only replace if it improves the digit (strictly greater). Replacing with a digit that is not greater would never be beneficial, as we can simply not use that digit.
- When we have multiple positions where a digit could improve, we should assign the largest digits to the earliest positions to maximize the string. The greedy does exactly that: it scans left to right, and whenever the current largest digit can improve the current position, it uses it. This ensures that larger digits are used as early as possible, which is optimal.

We should prove that this greedy yields the maximum string for the subproblem. This is a standard exchange argument: Suppose we have an optimal assignment that uses a set of digits D' ⊆ R, assigned to positions P' (distinct, not including p). Consider the leftmost position where the optimal assignment differs from the greedy. At that position i, greedy uses the largest available digit that is > S[i] (if any), while optimal might use a smaller digit or not replace. If optimal does not replace but greedy does (with a digit > S[i]), then greedy's string is larger at i, so optimal cannot be better. If optimal replaces with a digit d_opt that is less than the digit d_greedy that greedy would have used (and d_greedy > S[i]), then we can swap the assignments: give d_greedy to position i and d_opt to the position where greedy used d_greedy (if any). Since d_greedy > d_opt and i is earlier, this would improve or keep the string, contradicting optimality. If optimal replaces at i but greedy does not (because the largest available digit ≤ S[i]), then that means all available digits are ≤ S[i], so replacing would not improve (could be equal or less). If optimal replaces with a digit equal to S[i], it doesn't change the string; if it replaces with a smaller digit, it makes it worse. So optimal would not do that if it's truly optimal (since it could simply not use that digit). So greedy is optimal.

Thus, for fixed p, the greedy gives the best possible string.

Now, we need to consider all p from 1 to N. However, N can be up to 1e6, and for each p we would need to run a greedy over N positions with a multiset of size up to M-1 (1e6). That would be O(N * (N+M)) which is too slow. We need a more efficient way to compute the best string without iterating over all p explicitly.

We need to compute the maximum over p of the string resulting from placing d_m at p and then applying greedy on the rest.

We can think of the greedy process on the whole string with the ability to skip one position (where d_m is placed) and with the constraint that d_m must be used at that position. Alternatively, we can think of the overall optimal string as the result of a process where we have all digits from T, but we must use d_m exactly once, and we can use any subset of the others. This is similar to: we want to maximize the string by replacing some positions with digits from T, with the condition that d_m is used.

We can attempt to compute the optimal string directly by a modified greedy that respects the mandatory digit.

Idea: We can first ignore the mandatory digit and compute the best possible string using any subset of digits from T (including possibly d_m) with the greedy algorithm that only replaces when beneficial. This would give a string G. However, this G might not use d_m, or might use it in a suboptimal way. Then we need to enforce that d_m is used. If G already uses d_m, then it's valid and optimal. If not, we need to adjust by incorporating d_m, possibly at the cost of downgrading some position.

So we can compute the string that results from applying the greedy algorithm on the full set T (including d_m) with the rule: replace if digit > S[i], using largest available digit each time. This will use some digits, possibly including d_m if it is beneficial at some position. Let's denote the resulting string as G_full. If d_m is used in G_full, then G_full is a candidate. But is it necessarily optimal? Not always, because using d_m might prevent using a larger digit later? But since we use largest available each time, if d_m is beneficial at some position, it will be used when it's the largest available and > S[i]. However, there might be a scenario where using d_m (even if beneficial) forces us to not use another digit that would be even more beneficial later? But since we use largest first, if d_m is not the largest, it will be used later only after larger digits are used. Using it might consume a position that could have been kept with a higher original digit? But if it's beneficial (d_m > S[i]), then replacing improves that position, so it's good. However, the mandatory aspect might require that we use d_m even if it's not beneficial, which could force a downgrade. So if d_m is beneficial, we would want to use it anyway, so G_full likely includes it. But could there be a case where using d_m is beneficial but using it prevents using another digit that would yield an even better overall string? For example, suppose we have two positions: pos1 with S=5, pos2 with S=9. Digits: d_m=6, and another digit 8. Greedy with full set: sorted digits [8,6]. i=1: 8>5, replace pos1 with 8. i=2: 6<9, keep 9. Result "89". This uses d_m? No, d_m=6 not used because it wasn't beneficial at pos2 (6<9) and pos1 already taken. So G_full does not use d_m. But we must use d_m. So we need to adjust. The optimal might be to use d_m at pos2 (downgrade 9->6) and use 8 at pos1, giving "86". Or use d_m at pos1 and 8 at pos2? That would be "68". Compare "89" (invalid because d_m not used), "86", "68". The best valid is "86"? Actually "86" vs "68": 86 > 68. So "86" is best. Can we achieve "86"? Yes: place 8 at pos1, 6 at pos2. That uses d_m. So the optimal is "86". G_full gave "89" but invalid. So we need to incorporate d_m.

Thus, we need to consider cases where d_m is not used in the greedy full run, and we must force it in, possibly at the cost of downgrading some position.

So our earlier approach of iterating over p seems necessary. But we need to do it efficiently.

We can try to compute, for each position p, the result of placing d_m at p and then optimally using R on the rest. We need to compute the maximum over p efficiently.

Observe that the greedy on the rest with R is independent of p except that position p is excluded from replacement (since it's already set to d_m) and also the digits used from R cannot be used at p. But the greedy algorithm processes positions in order, skipping p. So for each p, we need to simulate the greedy on the sequence of positions 1..N, skipping p, with the multiset R.

We can precompute something to answer for each p quickly.

Let's denote the original string S as an array of digits (integers 1-9). We have R, a multiset of digits from T[1..M-1]. We can sort R descending. Let's call the sorted list R_sorted.

The greedy algorithm for a given set of positions (all except p) works as follows: We iterate i from 1 to N. We maintain a pointer idx over R_sorted (starting at 0). For each i, if i == p, we skip (since already set). Else, if idx < len(R_sorted) and R_sorted[idx] > S[i], then we set result[i] = R_sorted[idx] and increment idx; else result[i] = S[i].

Thus, the result depends on p only in that we skip position p, which may affect the consumption of digits from R. Specifically, if we skip p, we do not consume a digit at that position, which means the greedy may have more digits available for later positions, or may have one less opportunity to use a digit if S[p] was such that a digit would have been used at p in the full greedy (without skipping). So the effect of skipping p is that we potentially preserve a digit that would have been used at p (if S[p] was less than some digit in R), or we avoid using a digit at p that would have been used, making that digit available for later positions.

Thus, to compute the result for each p efficiently, we can precompute the result of the greedy on the full sequence (including all positions) using R, and then adjust for skipping p.

Let's define the full greedy (without mandatory digit) using R on all N positions. Let's compute an array use[i] which indicates whether at position i we would replace with a digit from R in the full greedy, and if so, which digit (the one at current idx). Also, we can compute the resulting string G_full (without d_m). But note: G_full may use some digits from R, possibly all or some.

Now, for a given p, we want to compute the string where we set position p to d_m, and for other positions, we apply the greedy but with the modification that we skip p. This is equivalent to taking the full greedy result and then adjusting because we skip p.

If in the full greedy, position p was not replaced (i.e., we kept S[p]), then skipping p doesn't change the consumption of digits: the greedy would have kept S[p] anyway, so the same digits are used at other positions. However, we are now setting p to d_m instead of S[p]. So the result for p changes from S[p] to d_m. For other positions, they remain as in G_full. So candidate string = G_full with position p overwritten by d_m.

If in the full greedy, position p was replaced with some digit r (from R), then in the full greedy, we consumed one digit from R at p. When we skip p (i.e., we don't replace p with a digit from R, but instead set it to d_m), that digit r remains available for later positions. This could cause a cascade: the digit that would have been used at p is now free, so it might be used at a later position where previously no digit was used (or a smaller digit was used). This could change the result for positions after p.

Thus, for positions p where the full greedy replaced S[p] with a digit, the candidate string is not simply G_full with p changed to d_m; we need to recompute the greedy for positions after p with the extra digit available.

So we need to handle two cases for each p:

Case A: In full greedy, position p was not replaced. Then candidate = G_full with p set to d_m.

Case B: In full greedy, position p was replaced with some digit r. Then we need to compute the result of greedy on positions i ≠ p, with the multiset R' = R ∪ {r}? Wait, careful: In the full greedy, we used some digits from R. The set of digits used in full greedy is some subset U ⊆ R. The unused digits are R \ U. When we skip p, we are not using the digit r that was used at p, so that digit r becomes available again. Additionally, we are not using any digit at p from R. So the available digits for other positions become R (all digits) because we haven't used any yet? Actually, we are starting fresh for each p? But we can think of the process as: we run greedy on all positions except p, with the full R. Since we didn't use any digit at p, the greedy will consume digits as it encounters positions where digit > S[i]. This is equivalent to taking the full greedy and then "removing" the usage at p and re-optimizing the suffix with the freed digit.

We can precompute the greedy result from left to right, and also from right to left, to handle the effect of freeing a digit.

This is reminiscent of problems where we compute the result of greedy with a "skip" by using a stack or by simulating with a data structure that can handle insertion of an extra digit.

Given that N and M are up to 1e6, we might be able to compute for each p in O(1) amortized using precomputed arrays.

Let's design a method:

We have R_sorted descending. Let's denote L = len(R) = M-1.

We will simulate the full greedy on all N positions, recording for each position i:

- replaced[i]: boolean, whether we replaced at i.
- digit_used[i]: if replaced, the digit from R that was used (which is R_sorted[idx] at that time).
- idx_after[i]: the index in R_sorted after processing position i (i.e., how many digits have been consumed up to i).

We can compute these by scanning i=1..N, maintaining idx.

Now, for a given p, we want to compute the result of greedy on positions i ≠ p, with the same R_sorted.

If p was not replaced in full greedy, then the greedy on the rest is exactly the same as full greedy for all i ≠ p, because the decision at each position depends only on the current idx and S[i]. Since we didn't use a digit at p, the idx progression for positions before p is unchanged, and for positions after p, the idx is also unchanged because we didn't consume a digit at p. So the result for i ≠ p is same as full greedy. So candidate = full_greedy_result with p set to d_m.

If p was replaced in full greedy, then in the full greedy, at position p we consumed a digit r = R_sorted[idx_before_p] (where idx_before_p is the idx before processing p). After skipping p, that digit r is not consumed, so when we process positions after p, we have one extra digit available (r) compared to the full greedy at that point. This could cause changes: some positions after p that were not replaced in full greedy might become replaced (if r > S[i]), and some positions that were replaced with a smaller digit might get a larger digit? Actually, since we have an extra digit, and the greedy always uses the largest available digit, the presence of an extra digit (which is r, and note that r is the digit that would have been used at p; since we processed positions in order, at the point after p, the idx in full greedy was idx_before_p+1. In the skipped version, idx after p remains idx_before_p (since we didn't consume). So for positions after p, we have the same set of remaining digits as in full greedy, plus the digit r (which is the one that would have been used at p). However, note that the remaining digits in full greedy after p are R_sorted[idx_before_p+1 .. L-1]. In the skipped version, the remaining digits are R_sorted[idx_before_p .. L-1] (i.e., including r). Since R_sorted is sorted descending, r is the largest among the remaining digits at that point? Actually, before processing p, the current idx points to the next unused digit, which is the largest remaining. So r = R_sorted[idx_before_p] is the largest remaining digit at that point. In full greedy, we consume r at p, so after p, the largest remaining is R_sorted[idx_before_p+1] (if any). In skipped version, we still have r, which is larger than or equal to the next digit. So the set of available digits for positions after p is the same as full greedy but with an extra digit that is at least as large as the first digit in the full greedy's remaining list. This means that for positions after p, the greedy may replace more positions or replace with larger digits.

Thus, to compute the result for positions after p in the skipped version, we need to simulate the greedy on the suffix starting from p+1, with the available digits being the suffix of R_sorted starting from idx_before_p (i.e., including r). This is similar to running greedy on the suffix with a "extra" digit.

We can precompute for each position i the result of greedy on the suffix starting at i, given a certain starting index in R_sorted. But that might be heavy.

Alternatively, we can think of the overall optimal string as the maximum over p, and we can compute it by considering two scenarios: either we place d_m at a position where the full greedy did not replace, or at a position where it did replace. We can compute the best candidate for each case efficiently.

Let's denote the full greedy result string as G (length N). For positions where G[i] != S[i], we know that G[i] is some digit from R, and that digit is the one that was used at that position.

Now, for a position p where G[p] == S[p] (i.e., not replaced), candidate C_p = G with position p set to d_m. So we can compute these candidates easily if we can compare strings quickly. Since N up to 1e6, we can compute the maximum over these candidates by comparing lexicographically. However, there could be up to N such candidates, and comparing each fully would be O(N^2). We need a faster way to find the best candidate among these.

Similarly, for positions p where G[p] != S[p] (replaced), we need to compute a more complex candidate.

Maybe we can find the optimal p without enumerating all, by analyzing the effect.

Observation: The mandatory digit d_m is fixed. We want to maximize the final string. Intuitively, we want to place d_m in a position where it causes the least harm, or even improves if possible. The best position is likely the rightmost position where S[p] is as small as possible, or where the impact of replacing is minimal. But we also have the interaction with the greedy on R.

Maybe we can compute the optimal final string directly by a modified greedy that ensures d_m is used. Let's attempt to design such a greedy.

We have all digits from T, with d_m distinguished. We can process positions from left to right, maintaining a multiset of available digits (including d_m). At each position i, we want to decide the final digit. We have the option to use a digit from the multiset or keep S[i]. We must ensure that by the end, d_m is used. This is similar to a constrained greedy.

One approach: We can first run the greedy without considering d_m, using all digits from T (including d_m) but with the rule that we only replace if digit > S[i]. This yields G_full. If d_m is used in G_full, then G_full is valid and optimal? Not necessarily, as we saw with the example where G_full didn't use d_m but using it could lead to a better valid string than any that includes d_m? Actually, if G_full doesn't use d_m, we must incorporate it, which will likely make the string worse than G_full. But could there be a case where G_full uses d_m but we could get an even better string by not using some other digit and placing d_m differently? Possibly, but since G_full is the result of the optimal unconstrained use of digits (only beneficial replacements), any other valid string that uses d_m might be worse because it must include d_m which might be non-beneficial. However, if d_m is beneficial, G_full would likely use it if it helps. But could there be a scenario where using d_m prevents using a larger digit later, making G_full suboptimal among strings that include d_m? Let's test.

Suppose S = "29", T digits: d_m=8, and another digit 9. R = {9}. Full greedy with all digits (including d_m): sorted [9,8]. i=1: 9>2, replace with 9. i=2: 8>9? 8<9, keep 9. Result "99". This uses d_m? No, d_m=8 not used. So G_full = "99" (invalid). Now we need a valid string using d_m. Options: place 8 at pos2 and 9 at pos1 => "98"; or 8 at pos1 and 9 at pos2 => "89". Best is "98". Is there any way to get "99"? No, because we must use 8 somewhere, so one position will be 8. So best valid is "98". Could we get "98" by a different greedy that forces d_m? If we process with a rule that we must use d_m, we might get "98". So G_full is not valid, but the optimal valid is "98". So we need to compute the best valid.

Now, if we iterate over p, for p=2 (place d_m at pos2), we get candidate: set pos2=8, then greedy on rest with R={9}: i=1: 9>2 replace =>9, so "98". For p=1: set pos1=8, then i=2: 9>9? no, keep 9 => "89". So best is "98". So our p-iteration works.

Now, can we compute the best p without iterating all? Perhaps we can determine the best position to place d_m by comparing the effect on the string.

Let's denote the full greedy result G (using all digits from T, but only beneficial replacements). This G may or may not use d_m. If G uses d_m, then G is valid and likely optimal, but we should confirm that no other placement of d_m yields a better string. Could there be a case where G uses d_m but another placement yields a better string? Suppose G uses d_m at some position p0, but maybe placing d_m at a different position p1 and adjusting other digits could yield a string that is lexicographically larger than G. Since G is the result of the unconstrained optimal use of digits (only beneficial replacements), any change that moves d_m to a different position would likely make the string worse because at p0, d_m was beneficial (since it replaced S[p0] with a larger digit), and moving it elsewhere might cause a downgrade at p0 or elsewhere. However, it's possible that d_m is beneficial at p0, but maybe we could use an even larger digit at p0 instead of d_m, and place d_m somewhere else where it's also beneficial or neutral, resulting in a better string. But G already uses the largest digits in the best positions; if d_m is used at p0, that means at the time we processed p0, the largest available digit was d_m (or a digit equal to d_m? Actually, if d_m is used, it's because at that position, the largest remaining digit was d_m and it was > S[p0]. But there might be larger digits that were used earlier. Could we swap d_m with a larger digit that was used earlier? That would put a larger digit later, which is not beneficial. So G seems optimal among all strings that use any subset of digits (including d_m) with only beneficial replacements. But we are forced to use d_m, so G is valid if it uses d_m. If G uses d_m, then it's a candidate. Could there be a better valid string that also uses d_m but uses a different set of other digits? Since G is the optimal unconstrained string (maximizing using any subset), any other string that also uses d_m cannot be better than G, because G is the maximum over all strings that use any subset of digits (including possibly not using d_m). But wait, G is the maximum over all strings that can be obtained by replacing some positions with digits from T (any subset), with the rule that we only replace if beneficial? Actually, the greedy we ran (full greedy) produces a string that is the maximum possible among all strings that can be obtained by replacing some positions with digits from T, without any mandatory constraint. Is that true? Let's verify: The greedy algorithm that scans left to right and replaces with the largest available digit if it improves the current position yields the maximum string when we can choose any subset of digits to use (each at most once). We argued earlier that for the subproblem without mandatory digit, this greedy is optimal. So G is the optimal string achievable using any subset of T (including possibly using d_m or not). Therefore, if G uses d_m, then G is the overall optimal string under the mandatory constraint as well, because it's feasible (uses d_m) and no other string (even those not using d_m) can be better than G. Since G is optimal overall, it's certainly optimal among those that use d_m. So if G uses d_m, answer = G.

If G does not use d_m, then the optimal valid string must be worse than G, because G is not allowed. We need to find the best string that includes d_m. This string will be obtained by taking G and modifying it to include d_m, likely by replacing some position with d_m, possibly causing a downgrade, and possibly adjusting other digits due to freed digits.

Thus, we only need to consider the case where d_m is not used in the unconstrained optimal G. In that case, we need to find the best way to incorporate d_m.

Now, G is computed by greedy on all positions with all digits from T (including d_m). Since d_m is not used, that means at every position i, when we processed i, either we didn't replace (because the largest remaining digit ≤ S[i]), or we replaced with a digit > S[i] but that digit was not d_m (i.e., d_m was never the largest remaining digit at a position where it would be > S[i]). Since d_m is not used, it remains in the multiset unused after processing all positions. So after the greedy, we have some unused digits, including d_m and possibly others.

Now, to incorporate d_m, we must place it at some position p, overwriting whatever is there (either S[p] if not replaced, or some digit from R if replaced). This will change the string. We want to choose p to maximize the resulting string.

We can think of starting from G and then forcing d_m at p, and then possibly adjusting the suffix because freeing a digit (if we overwrite a replaced position) may allow improvements later.

So we need to compute, for each p, the string resulting from forcing d_m at p, given that we have the unused digits (including d_m) and the digits used in G. But note that in G, some digits from R are used. If we force d_m at a position p that was not replaced in G, then we simply set that position to d_m, and the rest of G remains unchanged. However, we might also have the opportunity to use some of the unused digits (other than d_m) to improve further? But G already used all beneficial digits? Actually, G used digits only when they were beneficial at the time. After G, there may be unused digits that are not beneficial anywhere (i.e., they are ≤ S[i] for all i that were not replaced, and also ≤ the digits at replaced positions? But replaced positions already have digits that are > original, so unused digits are likely ≤ those replaced digits as well? Not necessarily; there could be a digit that is larger than some S[i] but was not used because a larger digit was used earlier and then later positions had S[i] that were too high. For example, S="19", R={8,7}. Greedy: i=1: 8>1 replace with 8; i=2: 7<9 keep 9. Unused digit 7. 7 is not >9, so not beneficial at pos2. So unused digits are not beneficial at any position that remains with original S. But if we free a position by overwriting a replaced position with d_m, we might create an opportunity to use an unused digit at that freed position? Actually, if we overwrite a replaced position p that had a digit r (from R), we are replacing it with d_m. The digit r becomes available again. This r might be beneficial at some later position (where previously no digit was used because the largest remaining was ≤ S[i]). So we need to consider that.

Thus, for p where G[p] != S[p] (i.e., replaced), we need to recompute the suffix with the freed digit r (and possibly other unused digits) to see if we can improve later positions.

For p where G[p] == S[p] (not replaced), we simply set p to d_m. However, we might also have unused digits (other than d_m) that could be used to improve positions after p? But G already considered all digits and didn't use them because they weren't beneficial at any position given the consumption order. If we set p to d_m, we are not freeing any digit; we are just changing one position. The set of unused digits remains the same (including maybe some digits). Could any of those unused digits now become beneficial at some position after p? They were not beneficial before because when we processed those positions in the greedy, the largest remaining digit (which might have been one of those unused digits) was ≤ S[i] at that time. Changing p to d_m does not affect the S values of later positions, nor does it change the availability of digits (since we didn't free any digit; we just used d_m, which was previously unused). Actually, d_m was unused, so we are now using it. The other unused digits remain unused. Their status (whether they are beneficial) hasn't changed because the S[i] values are the same and the digits are the same. So they still wouldn't be beneficial. Therefore, for p not replaced, the optimal string is simply G with p set to d_m, and no further improvements.

For p replaced, we free a digit r, which could be used later, potentially improving the suffix. So we need to compute the best possible string for each such p.

Now, the number of positions where G[p] != S[p] could be up to min(N, M). In worst case, M up to 1e6, N up to 1e6, so could be many. But we might be able to compute the best candidate among these efficiently using some data structure.

Let's denote the set of positions where G replaced as P_rep. For each p in P_rep, we need to compute the string resulting from: set position p to d_m, and then optimally use the freed digit r (which is the digit that was at p in G) along with the other unused digits (which include d_m? Actually d_m is now used at p, so it's not available) to improve positions after p. But note: In the original G, after processing all positions, there may be some unused digits (including possibly some digits that were never used). Let's denote U = set of digits from R that were not used in G. Since d_m was not used in G (we are in the case d_m not used), d_m ∈ U initially. But when we force d_m at p, we consume d_m, so it's no longer available. The freed digit r (which was used at p) becomes available again. So the set of available digits for positions after p becomes: the digits that were unused in G (excluding d_m, since we used it) plus the digit r. But also, note that in G, some digits were used at positions before p; those are fixed. For positions after p, we can re-optimize using the available digits (which are: the suffix of R_sorted that were not used before p, plus r). However, we also have the digits that were used after p in G; those might be replaced if we can do better with the new available set.

Thus, for each p in P_rep, we need to compute the optimal string for the suffix starting from p+1, given that we have a certain multiset of available digits (which includes r and the unused digits from the suffix). This is similar to running the greedy on the suffix with a specific starting multiset.

We can precompute for each position i the result of greedy on the suffix i..N, assuming we start with a certain index in R_sorted. But the available multiset depends on how many digits were consumed before i. In the full greedy, we know how many digits were consumed up to i-1. Let consumed_before[i] = number of digits used in G up to position i-1. Then the remaining digits at position i are R_sorted[consumed_before[i] .. L-1]. In the scenario where we free a digit at p, for positions after p, the set of available digits is R_sorted[consumed_before[p] .. L-1] (i.e., including the digit that would have been used at p) because we didn't consume it. But note: consumed_before[p] is the number of digits used before p. In G, at position p, we used a digit, so consumed_before[p] is the count before p, and after processing p, consumed becomes consumed_before[p]+1. In the new scenario, we skip using a digit at p, so the available digits for suffix p+1 are R_sorted[consumed_before[p] .. L-1] (since we haven't consumed the digit at index consumed_before[p]). This set includes the digit r = R_sorted[consumed_before[p]] and all later digits.

Thus, for each p in P_rep, the suffix result can be computed by running greedy on positions from p+1 to N, with the available digits being the subarray of R_sorted starting at index start = consumed_before[p]. This is essentially the same as the greedy we would get if we started at position p+1 with that multiset.

We can precompute, for each possible start index in R_sorted, the result of greedy on the suffix? That would be too many.

But note that consumed_before[p] is monotonic increasing with p (since we consume digits as we go). As p increases, consumed_before[p] is non-decreasing. So the start index for the suffix varies.

We could compute the result for each p by simulating the suffix greedy on the fly, but that would be O(N^2) in worst case if we do for each p.

We need a more clever way.

Maybe we can compute the best candidate among P_rep by analyzing the effect of freeing a digit. The key is that freeing a digit r (which is the digit that was used at p) allows us to potentially replace some later position that was not replaced in G, or replace with a larger digit than before. The improvement in the suffix can be characterized.

Alternatively, we could directly compute the optimal valid string by a different greedy that ensures d_m is used. Perhaps we can run the greedy from left to right, but when we encounter a position where the largest available digit is d_m and it's not beneficial (i.e., d_m ≤ S[i]), we might still want to use it later? But we must use it eventually. So we could defer using d_m until we find a position where it is beneficial, or if never, we place it at the end.

A known technique for such problems is to use a stack: we want to maximize the string, so we can think of building the result by considering each digit from T and deciding whether to place it. But maybe we can transform the problem into: We have to use d_m, so we can consider two scenarios: either d_m is placed at a position where it improves the string (d_m > S[p]), or it is placed where it doesn't. If it improves, we would want to place it as early as possible where it improves, because that yields a larger digit earlier. However, placing it early might consume a position that could have been used for an even larger digit. So we need to compare.

Actually, we can think of the following: The optimal string is the maximum over all strings that can be obtained by replacing some positions with digits from T, with the constraint that d_m is used. This is equivalent to: take the unconstrained optimal G (which may or may not use d_m). If G uses d_m, answer = G. If not, then the optimal valid string is the maximum between:

- The best string obtained by taking G and replacing some position p (where G[p] != d_m) with d_m, and then possibly improving the suffix using the freed digit (if p was replaced). But also we could consider not using some digits that G used, to free them for better placement? However, G is optimal unconstrained, so any deviation that doesn't use d_m would be worse. To incorporate d_m, we must sacrifice something. The best sacrifice is likely to replace the least valuable position in G with d_m, and then possibly recover by using the freed digit to improve later positions.

We can attempt to compute, for each position p, the string that results from forcing d_m at p, assuming we then optimally use the remaining digits (including the freed one) on the rest. This is exactly what we need.

Now, to compute this efficiently for all p, we can precompute two greedy passes: forward and backward.

Let's denote:

- R_sorted: list of digits from T[1..M-1] in descending order.
- We'll compute an array forward[i] representing the state after processing positions 1..i with the greedy using R_sorted. Specifically, we can compute:
   - used_up_to[i]: number of digits used up to position i.
   - result_forward[i]: the digit at position i in G (i.e., either S[i] or the digit used).
But we also need to know, for each position i, the digit that was used if any.

We can compute these in one pass.

Now, for the suffix, we can compute a backward greedy: process positions from N down to 1, but with the digits in ascending order? Not exactly. We need to be able to compute, for a given start index in R_sorted, the result of greedy on a suffix. This is similar to: given that we have a multiset of digits (a suffix of R_sorted), we want to apply greedy on positions from some start to N. Since the greedy always uses the largest available digit, the result depends on the order of positions.

We could precompute, for each position i, the result of running greedy on the suffix i..N assuming we start with all digits that were not used before i in the forward pass? But that's exactly the forward pass continuation. Actually, the forward pass already computes the result for the whole string. To compute the result for a suffix when we have a different starting multiset (e.g., including an extra digit), we might need to simulate.

But maybe we can compute the effect of freeing a digit r at position p by considering that the only change is that we can now replace the first position after p where S[i] < r and where in G we didn't replace (or replaced with a smaller digit). This is because the freed digit r is the largest among the available digits at that point (since it was the next to be used). So when we have r available, the greedy on the suffix will replace the first position i > p such that S[i] < r (and also i not already replaced with a digit >= r? Actually, in G, at positions after p, some may have been replaced with digits that are ≤ r? Since r is the largest available at that point, any replacement in G after p used digits that are ≤ r (because they come from later in R_sorted). So if we now have r available, we might replace an earlier position in the suffix that was not replaced in G (because the digit available then was ≤ S[i]), but now r > S[i] could make it beneficial. Also, we might replace a position that was replaced with a smaller digit, upgrading it to r, which would be an improvement.

Thus, the effect of freeing r is that we can upgrade the first position after p where S[i] < r, and if that position was already replaced with some digit d (which is ≤ r), we replace it with r, and then the digit d becomes available for later positions, potentially causing a cascade. This is similar to inserting a larger digit into the greedy process.

This suggests that we can simulate the effect by "inserting" r into the greedy sequence of replacements after p. This is analogous to having a priority queue of digits and positions.

We might be able to compute the best candidate by considering each possible p and determining the resulting string using precomputed information about the next position where a digit could be placed.

Given the constraints, perhaps we can afford O(N log N) or O(N + M log M) but not O(N^2). Iterating over all p and doing O(1) or O(log N) work each might be possible if we can compute the candidate string quickly without constructing the whole string each time.

We need to compare candidates lexicographically to find the maximum. Comparing two strings of length N directly would be O(N), too slow for many candidates. But we can compare candidates by finding the first position where they differ. If we can compute that difference efficiently for each p, we might be able to find the best p using a tournament method.

Alternatively, we could compute the optimal p by analyzing the impact of placing d_m. Perhaps the optimal p is the rightmost position where S[p] is minimal, or something like that. Let's test with examples.

In Sample1, G (full greedy with all digits) would be: using R={3,2} and d_m=5? Wait full set T includes d_m=5. So full greedy with all digits (including 5) would be: sorted [5,3,2]. i=1:5>1 replace ->5; i=2:3<9 keep; i=3:3>1 replace ->3? Actually after using 5, remaining [3,2]. i=2:3<9 keep; i=3:3>1 replace with 3. So G = "5,9,3" = "593". This uses d_m=5 at position1. So G uses d_m, answer = G.

In Sample2, full greedy with all digits (including d_m=3) and R={9,9,8,2,4,4,3,5}? Actually T includes d_m=3 at index9, and other digits. Sorted descending: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2? Wait we have two 3's? T[7]=3, T[9]=3. So full set: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2. Greedy: i=1:9>1 replace ->9; i=2:9>9? no, keep 9; i=3:8>1 replace ->8; i=... Actually N=3, so only first three positions matter. So G = "9,9,8"? That would be "998"? But sample output is "993". Let's compute properly: N=3, S="191". Full greedy with all digits: sorted list L = [9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2]. Process i=1: largest=9 >1, replace ->9, consume one 9. i=2: largest=9 >9? no (equal), keep 9. i=3: largest=9? Actually after consuming one 9, remaining list: [9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2]. Largest=9 >1, replace ->9. So G = "9,9,9" = "999". But is that achievable? We have digits 9,9,8,... but we have only two 9's? Wait T has two 9's (positions1 and2). So we have two 9's. After using one 9 at pos1, we have one 9 left. At pos3, we use that 9, so we used both 9's. So G = "999". But is "999" achievable? Let's check: We have digits: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2. We can use two 9's at pos1 and pos3, and keep pos2=9 (original). That yields "999". But we must also use all operations? No, we are only considering using a subset of digits; we can choose not to use the other digits. So "999" is achievable by using the two 9's at pos1 and pos3, and not using other digits. However, we must also use d_m=3 (since it's mandatory). In G, we didn't use d_m=3. So G is not valid. So G = "999" (invalid). The optimal valid is "993". So indeed, G does not use d_m, and we need to incorporate it.

Now, if we take G and force d_m at some position, we get candidates. For p where G[p] != S[p] (i.e., replaced), we need to recompute suffix. Let's compute G details: G[1]=9 (replaced, using one 9), G[2]=9 (original), G[3]=9 (replaced, using the other 9). So P_rep = {1,3}. For p=1: set pos1=3, free digit 9. Then we need to recompute suffix from 2 with available digits: originally after pos1, consumed_before[1]=0? Actually before pos1, consumed=0. After skipping replacement at pos1, available digits are the full R_sorted (which includes both 9's,8,5,4,4,3,3,2) but we also have d_m used? Wait we are using d_m at pos1, so d_m is consumed. The freed digit is the 9 that would have been used at pos1. So available digits for suffix: all digits from R (which are T[1..8]) plus the freed 9? But careful: In the full greedy, we used two 9's: one at pos1, one at pos3. The other digits are unused. When we skip using the 9 at pos1, we still have both 9's available (since we haven't used any 9 yet). But we also must use d_m at pos1, so d_m is consumed. So the available digits for suffix are the entire R (which includes both 9's,8,5,4,4,3,3,2) because we haven't used any of them yet (since we skipped using the 9 at pos1). However, note that in the full greedy, we also used a 9 at pos3. That 9 would be available now as well. So essentially, we have all digits from R (including both 9's) available for positions 2 and 3. Now we run greedy on positions 2 and 3 with these digits. Sorted descending: 9,9,8,5,4,4,3,3,2. Process i=2: largest=9 > S[2]=9? no, keep 9. i=3: largest=9 > S[3]=1, replace with 9. So result: pos2=9, pos3=9. Combined with pos1=3 => "399". That's candidate for p=1.

For p=3: set pos3=3, free digit 9 (the one used at pos3). Then for suffix after 3, none. But we also have positions 1 and 2 before p? Actually when we place d_m at p, we consider the whole string; we need to recompute from start? Our method: we fix d_m at p, and then run greedy on all other positions using R. But we must also consider that positions before p are processed with the same greedy as before, but now we have an extra digit available because we didn't use the digit at p. However, positions before p are already processed; they could be affected if we free a digit that could have been used earlier? But since we process left to right, decisions before p are independent of what happens after p. If we free a digit at p,,,
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
