=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Mr. Ball and Mr. Box will play a game with balls and boxes.
Initially, Mr. Ball has 10^{100} balls of each of M different types, and Mr. Box has 10^{100} yen.
There are N boxes, where the i-th box has capacity V_i and costs P_i yen. During the game, Mr. Box can buy any box at any time.
In this game, the following operations are repeated until the game ends:

- Mr. Ball chooses one ball and gives it to Mr. Box.
- Mr. Box either accepts the ball or ends the game without accepting it.
- If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it.
- If the box with the ball satisfies the following conditions, Mr. Box receives 1 yen. Otherwise, the game ends.
- The number of balls in the box does not exceed its capacity.
- All balls in the box are of the same type.



Mr. Ball will play optimally to minimize Mr. Box's final money, while Mr. Box will play optimally to maximize it.
How much will Mr. Box's money increase throughout the game?
Here, both players have access to all information. In particular, Mr. Ball can see the capacity, price, and contents (type and number of balls) of each box.
Also, note that Mr. Box's initial money is large enough that he will never run out of money to buy boxes.
Solve T test cases for each input file.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format, where \mathrm{case}_i represents the i-th test case:
T
\mathrm{case}_1
\mathrm{case}_2
\vdots
\mathrm{case}_T

Each test case is given in the following format:
N M
V_1 P_1
V_2 P_2
\vdots
V_N P_N

Output

Print the difference between Mr. Box's final and initial money when both players play optimally.

Constraints


- 1\le T,N,M\le 3\times 10^5
- 1\le V_i,P_i \le 10^9
- The sum of N over the T test cases is at most 3\times 10^5.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

3
3 2
1 1000000000
3 1
3 1
1 300000
1000000000 1
10 4
22 5
26 45
72 21
47 39
97 2
75 35
82 24
17 46
32 22
28 67

Sample Output 1

2
0
28

In the first test case, there are two types of balls and three boxes.
Let us call the two types of balls white and black balls, and call the i-th box box i.
Here is an example of how the game could proceed where the money increases by 2 yen.

- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 2 for 1 yen, and puts the white ball in it.
- Box 2 contains 1 white ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 2 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a black ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball, buys box 3 for 1 yen, and puts the black ball in it.
- Box 3 contains 1 black ball. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box accepts the ball and puts it in box 2.
- Box 2 contains 3 white balls. This satisfies the conditions, so Mr. Box receives 1 yen.


- Mr. Ball chooses and gives a white ball.
- Mr. Box chooses to end the game without accepting it.

Finally, box 2 contains 3 white balls and box 3 contains 1 black ball.
Mr. Box spent 2 yen and received 4 yen, so his money increased by 2 yen.
In the second test case, Mr. Ball can play in a way that prevents Mr. Box from earning any money.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve a game between Mr. Ball and Mr. Box. There are M ball types (infinite supply). There are N boxes, each with capacity V_i and cost P_i. Mr. Box can buy any box at any time. He has huge initial money so never runs out. The game proceeds as:

- Mr. Ball chooses a ball type (one of M) and gives it.
- Mr. Box either accepts or ends the game (without accepting). If he ends, game ends.
- If he accepts, he must choose a box he already purchased (i.e., bought earlier) and put the ball into it. (He can buy boxes at any time, so presumably before accepting a ball he might buy a box, but the order: "Mr. Box can buy any box at any time." So he can buy boxes even before accepting a ball, or between steps. The process: each turn, Mr. Ball gives a ball; Mr. Box can decide to accept or end; if accept, he chooses a purchased box to put it in. He can also buy boxes before or after? Typically, he can buy boxes at any time, so he can buy a box before putting the ball, or even before the ball is given. But since the ball is given, he can buy a box then put it. So effectively, at the moment of accepting, he must have a purchased box to place the ball into. He can also buy boxes at any other time, but it's only useful if he plans to use them later.

After placing, if the box satisfies: (1) number of balls in the box ≤ capacity V_i, and (2) all balls in the box are of the same type, then Mr. Box receives 1 yen. Otherwise, the game ends immediately (i.e., if condition fails, game ends). So he only gets the 1 yen if after placing the ball, the box is still valid (capacity not exceeded, all same type). If the placement would violate either condition, then the game ends and presumably he does not get the 1 yen for that ball? Actually the description: "If the box with the ball satisfies the following conditions, Mr. Box receives 1 yen. Otherwise, the game ends." So if after placing, conditions are not satisfied, the game ends, and he does not get that yen (since it's not satisfied). So he only gets yen when the placement is valid.

Goal: Mr. Box wants to maximize his final money increase (total yen received minus total spent on buying boxes). Mr. Ball wants to minimize that.

Both play optimally with full information. Mr. Ball sees capacities, prices, and contents of boxes (i.e., knows the state). Mr. Box also knows everything.

We need to compute the outcome (value of the game) under optimal play.

This is a zero-sum game with perfect information. The state includes: which boxes have been purchased, and for each purchased box, how many balls of which type it currently contains (since only same type allowed, each box can contain only one type at any time, because if it had mixed types, condition fails and game would have ended. So at any valid state, each box contains balls of a single type, and its count ≤ capacity. Also, a box could be empty? Initially, no boxes purchased. When a box is purchased, it's empty. Then we can put balls into it. If we put a ball of type T into an empty box, it becomes a box with 1 ball of type T, which is valid. So boxes are either empty or contain some number of balls of a specific type, with count ≤ capacity.

The game proceeds turn by turn. Mr. Ball chooses a ball type. Then Mr. Box decides to accept or end. If accept, he must choose a purchased box (including possibly buying a new box at that moment) to place the ball. He can also buy boxes before accepting? But the step says: "Mr. Box either accepts the ball or ends the game without accepting it. If Mr. Box accepts the ball, he chooses one of his purchased boxes and puts the ball in it." The phrase "purchased boxes" suggests that at the moment of placing, the box must already be purchased. But he can buy boxes at any time, so he could buy a box just before placing. So effectively, when he decides to accept, he can also buy a box (if needed) and then place. So we can consider that his action when accepting includes possibly buying one or more boxes (but buying multiple might not be needed because he can only place one ball). However, he might want to buy multiple boxes in advance to have capacity for future balls. But since he can buy at any time, he could also buy later. So the optimal strategy may involve buying boxes as needed.

The game ends either when Mr. Box ends it voluntarily (without accepting a ball) or when a placement causes condition violation (game ends immediately). In both cases, the game ends and final money is computed.

We need to compute the value of this game: total yen earned minus total cost spent.

Observation: The game is essentially about Mr. Box trying to collect yen by placing balls into boxes, while Mr. Ball tries to force him to either end the game early or cause a violation. Since Mr. Ball chooses ball type each turn, he can try to force a situation where any placement leads to violation or where accepting leads to eventual loss.

But Mr. Box can always end the game voluntarily, so he can stop at any point. So his optimal strategy is to continue as long as he can guarantee a non-negative incremental gain? Actually he wants to maximize net profit. He might accept some balls even if they cause eventual loss? But he can stop at any time, so he would only accept if he believes that doing so leads to a higher net profit overall. Since Mr. Ball is adversarial, we need to compute the value of the game assuming both optimal.

This is reminiscent of a game where we have resources (boxes) that can hold balls of a single type up to capacity. Each ball placed yields +1 yen if placed successfully, but costs maybe the cost of boxes used. However, boxes have to be purchased, and each box can be used for multiple balls of the same type. So the net profit from using a box of capacity V and cost P is: if we fill it with k balls (1 ≤ k ≤ V) of the same type, we earn k yen, but we pay P for the box. So net contribution = k - P. However, we might not fill it completely; we could stop earlier. But if we stop earlier, the box might still be used later for the same type? Actually once a box contains some balls of type T, we can only add more balls of type T to it until it reaches capacity. If we add a ball of a different type, condition fails and game ends, which is undesirable. So Mr. Box will never voluntarily mix types in a box because that would end the game immediately and lose the chance for more profit. So he will always keep each box monochromatic.

Thus, each box, once purchased and assigned a type (by first ball placed), becomes a "container" for that type, with remaining capacity V - current count. He can add more balls of that type to increase profit.

The game is turn-based with Mr. Ball choosing the type each turn. Mr. Box can decide to accept or end. If he accepts, he must assign the ball to some box (maybe a new one). He could also choose to not accept (end) at any time.

Given that Mr. Ball is adversarial, he will try to force Mr. Box into a situation where any acceptance leads to either immediate violation (if no suitable box) or eventual net loss. But Mr. Box can always choose to end the game, so the value is the maximum net profit he can guarantee regardless of Mr. Ball's choices.

This is similar to a minimax game where Mr. Box's strategy is to decide which boxes to buy and how to assign balls, while Mr. Ball chooses the sequence of ball types.

We need to compute the value of this game given the set of boxes (V_i, P_i) and M types.

Observations:

- Mr. Box can buy any number of boxes (including multiple copies? The problem statement says "There are N boxes" each with capacity V_i and cost P_i. It doesn't say they are unique; but presumably each box is a distinct item that can be bought at most once? Usually such problems: there are N boxes, each can be bought at most once. So we have a set of boxes, each can be purchased at most once. Because "Mr. Box can buy any box at any time." It implies there is a set of boxes, and he can buy each at most once (since it's a box, once bought, it's his). So we have a multiset of boxes with capacities and costs.

- He can buy boxes in any order, but each box can be bought only once.

- He can also choose not to buy some boxes.

Thus, the game reduces to: Mr. Box selects a subset of boxes to purchase (over time) and assigns balls to them. Mr. Ball chooses the type sequence. Mr. Box can also decide to stop at any time.

We need to compute the optimal net profit under adversarial ball sequence.

This looks like a kind of "online" problem but with adversarial input. However, since both players have full information and play optimally, we can think of it as a combinatorial game where Mr. Ball chooses the type each turn, and Mr. Box responds.

We can model the game as a state machine. However, the state can be huge (which boxes are purchased, and for each, its current fill and type). But maybe we can simplify.

Key insight: Since Mr. Ball can choose any type each turn, he can always force Mr. Box to either accept a ball of a type that is "inconvenient" or end the game. Mr. Box's profit comes from placing balls into boxes. Each box, once purchased, can be used to earn up to V yen (if filled) but costs P. However, the actual number of balls placed in a box depends on the sequence. Mr. Ball can try to limit the number of balls placed in each box by switching types, forcing Mr. Box to either start a new box (cost) or end the game.

But note: Mr. Box can also choose to end the game voluntarily, so he will only continue if he expects positive net gain from future moves.

We need to compute the value of the game from the initial state, assuming optimal play.

This resembles a "packing" game where the adversary chooses items (balls) and the player chooses bins (boxes) to place them, with costs for bins and rewards for items placed. The player can also stop. The adversary wants to minimize net reward.

We can think of it as: Mr. Box can decide a strategy: which boxes to buy and how to allocate balls to them. But Mr. Ball chooses the type sequence adaptively based on current state. So Mr. Box's strategy must be a policy that maps the current state (including which boxes are bought and their fill levels) and the offered ball type to an action (accept and place in some box, or end). He can also buy boxes at any time, but that's part of the action.

We need to compute the value of this game.

Given the constraints (N, M up to 3e5, sum N over T up to 3e5), we need an O(N log N) or similar solution per test case.

This suggests there is a simpler characterization.

Let's attempt to analyze the game.

First, note that Mr. Box's net profit is total yen earned minus total cost of boxes purchased. Since he can end the game at any time, his optimal strategy will be to continue only if the expected marginal gain from continuing is positive. However, Mr. Ball will try to make it negative.

Consider a single box with capacity V and cost P. If Mr. Box buys this box, he can use it to accept balls of a single type. He can put up to V balls into it, earning V yen, but paying P. So net from that box if fully used is V - P. However, he might not be able to fill it completely because Mr. Ball may stop giving that type. But Mr. Ball can choose to give balls of that type as many as he wants? He has infinite balls of each type, so he could give many of the same type. But he wants to minimize Mr. Box's profit, so he would avoid giving many balls of a type that would allow Mr. Box to earn a lot. However, if Mr. Box has a box that is cheap (P small) and high capacity (V large), then filling it yields high net profit. Mr. Ball would try to prevent that by not giving balls of the type that box is assigned to, or by forcing Mr. Box to use the box for a different type? But Mr. Box can choose which box to put each ball into. If Mr. Ball gives a ball of type T, Mr. Box can decide to put it into any box that is either empty (and then assign it type T) or already contains type T. So Mr. Box can always assign a ball to a box that matches its type, as long as there exists a box (purchased) that is either empty or of that type with remaining capacity. If there is no such box, then if he accepts the ball, he must put it into a box that either already contains a different type (causing violation and game end) or into a box that is empty? Wait, empty box can accept any type, because condition: all balls in the box are of the same type. If box is empty, after placing one ball, it contains only that ball, so condition holds as long as capacity not exceeded (1 ≤ V). So empty box can accept any type. So if there is an empty box, he can put the ball there, and it becomes a box of that type. So the only problematic situation is when all purchased boxes are non-empty and each is already assigned a type, and the ball type does not match any of those boxes with remaining capacity. In that case, if he accepts, he would have to put it into a box of a different type (causing immediate violation and game end) or into a box that is full (exceed capacity) which also causes violation. So he would not accept such a ball because that would end the game and he would not get the yen for that ball (and also lose future profit). He could instead end the game voluntarily before accepting. So effectively, Mr. Box will only accept a ball if there exists a purchased box that can accommodate it without violating conditions: i.e., either an empty box, or a box of the same type with remaining capacity.

Thus, the state can be described by: for each type, the total capacity available in boxes that are currently assigned to that type (i.e., sum of remaining capacities of boxes of that type), plus the number of empty boxes (which can be assigned to any type). Also, the cost of boxes already purchased is sunk.

When Mr. Ball offers a ball of type T, Mr. Box can accept if there is either an empty box or a box of type T with remaining capacity. If he accepts, he places the ball, which consumes one unit of capacity from either an empty box (turning it into a box of type T with capacity V-1 remaining) or from a box of type T (reducing its remaining capacity by 1). He earns 1 yen. If he rejects (ends), game ends.

He can also, before accepting, buy new boxes. Buying a box adds an empty box with capacity V_i and cost P_i. He can buy any number of boxes at any time, but each box can be bought only once.

So the game is: at each turn, the adversary chooses a type T. Then the player (Box) can either end the game, or accept. If accept, he may first buy some boxes (maybe zero) and then place the ball into a suitable box (empty or same type). He must ensure after placement, conditions hold (which they will if he chooses appropriately). He earns 1 yen. Then the game continues.

The player wants to maximize total earned minus total spent.

The adversary wants to minimize that.

This is reminiscent of a "online matching with costs" or "balancing" game.

We can think of it as: The player can invest in boxes (pay cost) to create capacity for future balls. Each ball placed yields +1. The adversary chooses which type to offer, trying to force the player to either invest in many boxes (costly) or end the game early.

Since the player can end at any time, the value is essentially the maximum net profit the player can guarantee, i.e., the value of a certain combinatorial optimization.

We can try to formulate as a minimax: The player chooses a strategy (which boxes to buy and how to allocate balls) and the adversary chooses a sequence of types. But the player's decisions can adapt.

This looks like a classic "prophet" or "online" problem but with adversarial order. Might be reducible to a kind of "maximin" where the player selects a multiset of boxes, and then the adversary can force the player to only fill them up to a certain point based on the types.

Alternate perspective: Since the adversary can choose the type each turn, he can effectively decide which types get how many balls, subject to the player's acceptance decisions. The player can decide to accept or not. But if the player always accepts as long as possible, the adversary can force the player to buy many boxes or cause game end. However, the player can choose to end early to cut losses.

We need to compute the value of the game under optimal play.

Let's try to think about the structure.

Suppose the player decides to purchase a set of boxes S. After purchasing, the game proceeds with the adversary offering balls. The player can also purchase additional boxes later, but that's part of strategy. However, since the adversary can adapt, the player might want to purchase boxes only when needed.

But perhaps the optimal strategy for the player is to pre-commit to a set of boxes and a policy of assigning balls, because buying later doesn't change the fact that the adversary can force you to need boxes at certain times. However, buying later could be beneficial because you might avoid buying boxes that never get used. But the adversary can force you to need them if you want to continue.

We need to find the maximum guaranteed net profit.

Let's consider simpler cases.

Case M=1 (only one type). Then Mr. Ball has no choice; he always gives the same type. Then the game is deterministic from Mr. Box's perspective. He can buy boxes and accept balls until he decides to stop. He wants to maximize net profit: total balls accepted minus total cost of boxes purchased. Since there's only one type, he can fill boxes completely. He can buy any subset of boxes. For each box with capacity V and cost P, if he uses it to place k balls (1 ≤ k ≤ V), net contribution = k - P. He can also choose to not fill a box completely, but since he can always accept more balls (the adversary will keep giving that type), he might as well fill it to capacity to maximize profit, unless stopping earlier yields higher net because of cost? But cost is sunk; once a box is bought, you want to use it as much as possible because each additional ball gives +1 with no extra cost. So optimal is to fill each purchased box to capacity. However, he might not want to buy a box if its cost exceeds its capacity, because then even filling it completely yields negative net (V - P < 0). He could also buy a box and not fill it completely, but that would be worse than not buying it at all (since you pay P and get less than V). So for M=1, the optimal strategy is to buy all boxes with V > P (positive net if filled), and then accept balls until all those boxes are full, then end the game. The total net profit = sum_{i: V_i > P_i} (V_i - P_i). But wait, could he also buy boxes with V = P? Net zero, doesn't affect profit, but could be used to accept more balls? Actually net zero, but he could accept balls and earn yen equal to cost, so net zero. It doesn't change profit, but might allow him to continue? But if he ends, profit is same. Since he wants to maximize profit, zero net doesn't help, but also doesn't hurt. However, if he buys a box with V = P, he could fill it and get V yen, pay P, net 0. So it doesn't increase profit. But could it enable more profit from other boxes? No, because each ball is independent. So he wouldn't buy zero-net boxes unless needed to continue? But he can always end the game, so no need. So for M=1, answer = sum_{i} max(0, V_i - P_i). But is that correct? Let's test with sample? Not directly.

But sample 1: N=3, M=2. Boxes: (1, 1e9), (3,1), (3,1). For M=1, answer would be max(0,1-1e9)=0 + (3-1)=2 + (3-1)=2 => total 4? But sample answer for that test case is 2. So with two types, it's less.

So with multiple types, adversary can force you to not fill boxes completely because he can switch types and you may have to start new boxes.

Now consider M large. The adversary can always give a type for which you have no capacity (empty boxes or same-type capacity). If you have empty boxes, you can assign the ball to an empty box, turning it into a box of that type. So the adversary can force you to use an empty box for each new type he introduces, until you run out of empty boxes. After that, if he gives a type that you already have a box with remaining capacity, you can place it there. But if he gives a type for which you have no remaining capacity (i.e., all boxes of that type are full, and no empty boxes), then you cannot accept without causing violation. So you would have to end the game.

Thus, the game becomes: Mr. Box can purchase boxes (each provides capacity V_i, but also can be thought of as providing "slots" for balls of a single type). Initially, no boxes. At each turn, the adversary picks a type. Mr. Box can accept if he has either an empty box (which can be assigned to that type) or a box of that type with remaining capacity. Accepting consumes one unit of capacity (either from an empty box, converting it to a box of that type with remaining capacity V_i-1, or from an existing box of that type). He earns 1 yen. He can also, before accepting, buy any number of boxes (paying their costs) to increase his capacity.

He can also end the game at any time.

Goal: maximize net profit.

This is similar to a "resource allocation under adversarial demand" game. The adversary chooses which type to demand each step. The player can invest in capacity (boxes) at cost, and earns revenue per demand served. The player can also choose to stop serving.

We need to compute the value of this game.

This looks like a classic problem: Given boxes with capacities and costs, and an adversary that can choose types, the player can decide which boxes to buy and how to allocate, but the adversary will try to minimize net profit. The player can also decide to stop early.

One way to think: The player will only buy boxes that are "profitable" in some sense, but the adversary can force the player to use boxes for types that may not be fully utilized.

Consider that each box, once purchased, can be used for at most V balls, but only if the adversary supplies balls of the type assigned to that box. The adversary can avoid giving that type after the box is partially filled, leaving it underutilized. However, the player can choose to assign a box to a type only when the first ball of that type arrives. So the adversary controls when a box gets assigned and to which type. The player can decide which empty box to use for a given type (if multiple empty boxes, he can choose one with certain capacity/cost). So the player can try to match boxes to types in a way that maximizes net profit given the adversary's sequence.

But the adversary will choose the sequence to minimize net profit. So we need to find the optimal strategy for the player and the resulting guaranteed net profit.

This is reminiscent of a "minimax" where the player selects a multiset of boxes, and then the adversary selects a sequence of types, but the player can adaptively assign boxes. However, the adversary can always force the player to use a new box for each distinct type until empty boxes run out. After that, the adversary can only give types that have remaining capacity. So the adversary's power is to decide the order of types and how many of each type to give.

We can think of the game as: The player has a collection of boxes. Each box i, if used for type T, can accommodate up to V_i balls of that type. The adversary will present a sequence of types. The player can accept balls as long as there is capacity for that type. The player can also buy additional boxes during the game, but that costs money.

Since the player can end at any time, the net profit is total accepted balls minus total cost of boxes purchased. The player will try to achieve a certain net profit, and the adversary tries to keep it low.

We need to compute the value of this game under optimal play.

Perhaps we can model it as a kind of "maximin" where the player chooses a "strategy" that can be represented by a threshold: he will buy boxes only if they are "good enough", and then accept balls until some condition.

Alternatively, maybe the answer is simply the maximum over subsets of boxes of (sum of capacities of that subset minus sum of costs) but with a penalty related to the number of types? Because the adversary can force you to use a separate box for each type, so you might need at least as many boxes as the number of types you intend to serve? Actually, you can serve multiple types using multiple boxes, but each box can only serve one type. So if you want to accept balls of k distinct types, you need at least k boxes (one per type) unless you reuse boxes after they are full? But once a box is full, you cannot accept more balls of that type unless you have another box of that type with capacity. So to accept many balls of a type, you might need multiple boxes of that type. But the adversary can choose to give many balls of the same type, so you might need multiple boxes for that type if you want to accept them all. However, you could also just use one box with large capacity. So the number of boxes needed is not simply the number of types; it's about total capacity per type.

The adversary can decide to give many balls of a type that you have little capacity for, forcing you to either buy more boxes (cost) or stop. So the player must decide how much capacity to allocate to each type, but the adversary chooses the demand.

This is like a two-player zero-sum game where the player chooses a vector of capacities per type (by buying boxes and assigning them to types) and the adversary chooses a demand vector (number of balls of each type) subject to the constraint that the demands arrive sequentially and the player can stop at any time. However, the player can also decide to stop early, so the effective demand is limited by the player's decision to continue.

But maybe we can think in terms of "the player will only continue as long as the marginal profit of accepting the next ball is non-negative given the current state and future optimal play". This is like a dynamic programming value function.

Let's attempt to define the value of a state. State includes: for each type, the remaining capacity in boxes of that type (i.e., total remaining slots for that type), and also the set of empty boxes (each with capacity). But empty boxes are like capacity that can be assigned to any type, but once assigned, they become specific. However, we can treat empty boxes as "flexible capacity" that can be used for any type, but using them for a type commits them.

This is complex.

Maybe there is a known result: This game is equivalent to the following: Mr. Box can guarantee a profit equal to the maximum over all subsets of boxes of (sum of capacities of the subset minus sum of costs) but with the condition that the number of boxes in the subset is at most M? Or something like that.

Let's test with sample 1.

Test case 1: N=3, M=2. Boxes:
1: V=1, P=1e9
2: V=3, P=1
3: V=3, P=1

If we consider subset {2,3}: total capacity = 6, total cost = 2, net = 4. But answer is 2. So not simply sum of (V-P) for positive net boxes.

If we consider that we can only use at most M boxes? M=2, so max 2 boxes. The best two boxes are 2 and 3, net = 4, but answer is 2. So not that.

Maybe the answer is the maximum over k of (sum of top k capacities minus sum of costs of those boxes) but with k limited by M? For k=2, top capacities: 3 and 3 sum=6, costs 1+1=2, net=4. Not 2.

Maybe the answer is the maximum over all ways to assign boxes to types such that each type gets some boxes, and the profit is sum over types of (min(total capacity assigned to that type, number of balls of that type that will be given) - cost of those boxes). But the adversary chooses the number of balls per type to minimize profit, given the assignment. So if the player commits to an assignment (i.e., which boxes are for which type), then the adversary can choose to give balls only up to the capacity of the type with smallest net? Actually, the adversary can decide the sequence. If the player has assigned capacities to types, the adversary can choose to give balls of a type until its capacity is exhausted, then switch to another type, etc. The player will accept all balls as long as there is capacity for that type. The player can also stop early, but if he has capacity, why stop? Because continuing yields +1 per ball with no extra cost (since boxes already bought). So if the player has already bought boxes, accepting additional balls of types for which there is remaining capacity yields +1 profit each, with no additional cost. So the player would want to accept as many balls as possible, until all capacities are filled or the adversary stops giving types with capacity. But the adversary controls the types. So if the player has capacities for multiple types, the adversary can choose to give balls only of types for which the player has capacity, and can keep giving until all capacities are filled, because that would increase the player's profit, which the adversary wants to minimize. So the adversary would try to avoid giving balls that fill capacities, instead give balls of types for which the player has no capacity, forcing the player to either buy new boxes (cost) or end. But if the player has no capacity for a type, he cannot accept it without buying a new box. So the adversary will give types that the player currently has no capacity for, to force the player to either buy a box (cost) or end. If the player buys a box, he incurs cost but gains capacity, which may allow him to accept future balls and earn revenue. The adversary can then continue to give types that force more purchases.

Thus, the game is about the player deciding how much to invest in capacity to be able to accept future balls, while the adversary tries to make those investments unprofitable.

This resembles a "pricing" or "online knapsack" game.

We can think of it as: The player can, at any time, buy a box (pay P) to gain V capacity that can be assigned to any type (initially empty). When a ball of type T arrives, if the player has capacity for T (either an empty box or a box of type T with remaining capacity), he can accept and earn 1, using one unit of capacity. If he doesn't have capacity for T, he must either buy a new box (pay P, gain V capacity, then use one unit for this ball) or end the game. Buying a box may be worthwhile if the future earnings from its remaining capacity (V-1) outweigh its cost.

But note: when he buys a box to accept the current ball, he pays P and then immediately uses one unit of capacity for the ball, earning 1. So the immediate net from that transaction is 1 - P, which is negative if P > 1. However, the box provides additional capacity V-1 that can be used for future balls of the same type (since after placing the first ball, the box becomes of that type). So the decision to buy a box depends on whether the future earnings from the remaining capacity can offset the cost.

The adversary can influence which type the box gets assigned to (by choosing the type of the ball that triggers the purchase). So if the player buys a box in response to a ball of type T, that box becomes dedicated to type T. The adversary can then avoid giving more balls of type T, leaving the remaining capacity unused, making the investment unprofitable. So the player must consider that the adversary may starve a type after forcing a purchase.

Thus, the player will only buy a box if he is confident that he can fill it sufficiently to recoup the cost, despite the adversary's best efforts. But the adversary controls the sequence, so the player can only guarantee filling a box if he can force the adversary to give enough balls of that type. How can he force that? He cannot; the adversary can always choose other types. However, the player can decide to end the game if the adversary doesn't cooperate. So the player's strategy might be: buy a box only if, even in the worst case (adversary tries to minimize profit), the net profit from buying it and then playing optimally is non-negative.

This suggests a recursive value function: Let f(state) be the maximum net profit the player can guarantee from that state onward, assuming optimal play from both. The state can be summarized by the multiset of empty boxes and boxes with remaining capacity per type. But that's huge.

Maybe we can find that the optimal strategy for the player is to never buy a box with cost > 1? Not exactly; in sample 1, boxes with cost 1 and capacity 3 are bought, and net profit 2. Those boxes have cost 1, so buying them yields at least 1 immediate yen from the first ball placed, so immediate net 0 from that ball, but then remaining capacity 2 can yield up to 2 more yen if filled. However, the adversary only allowed filling one of them to capacity 3? Actually in the example, box2 got 3 white balls, box3 got 1 black ball. So box2 was filled completely (3), box3 only 1. So net from box2: 3-1=2, box3: 1-1=0, total 2. So box3 only gave 1 ball, net 0. The adversary gave only one black ball, so the box3 was underutilized. The player could have chosen not to buy box3? But if he didn't buy box3, when the black ball came, he would have no capacity for black (since box2 is white, and no empty boxes). He would have to either end the game or buy a box. If he ends, his profit so far: from box2, he had accepted 3 white balls? Actually sequence: first white, he bought box2, placed white (earn 1). Second white, placed in box2 (earn 1). Third black, he bought box3, placed black (earn 1). Fourth white, placed in box2 (earn 1). Then he ended. If he didn't buy box3 on the black ball, he would have to end the game at that point. At that point, he had accepted 2 white balls (earn 2), spent 1 on box2, net = 1. Then game ends. So net 1. By buying box3, he got an extra yen from the black ball (1) but spent another 1, net 0 from that transaction, and then got another white ball (1) later, net +1, total net 2. So buying box3 allowed him to continue and get an extra white ball. So the decision to buy box3 was beneficial because it allowed him to accept a future white ball that he otherwise would have missed (since after ending, no more balls). But could the adversary have prevented that extra white ball? After buying box3, the adversary gave a white ball, which Mr. Box placed in box2. The adversary could have instead given another black ball? But he wants to minimize profit. After box3 is bought (dedicated to black), if the adversary gives another black ball, Mr. Box could place it in box3 (since it has capacity 2 left), earning another yen, increasing profit. So the adversary would avoid giving black balls after box3 is bought, to starve box3. He gave a white ball instead, which Mr. Box could place in box2 (which had remaining capacity). That still increased profit. Could the adversary have given a type for which Mr. Box has no capacity? After box3 is bought, Mr. Box has: box2 (white, capacity 1 left? Actually after 2 whites, box2 had capacity 1 left? Wait: box2 capacity 3, after two whites, remaining 1. Box3 (black) capacity 3, after one black, remaining 2. So he has capacity for white (1) and black (2). So any ball of white or black can be placed. The adversary could give a new type, say red, which would force Mr. Box to either buy a new box or end. If he gives red, Mr. Box might end the game (since buying another box might be costly). In the example, the adversary gave white, which allowed Mr. Box to earn. But the adversary could have given red to force end, limiting profit to 2? Let's see: after buying box3 and placing black, profit so far: earned 3 (white, white, black) = 3, spent 2, net 1. If adversary gives red, Mr. Box has no capacity for red. He could buy a new box? But maybe he would end. If he ends, net = 1. If he buys a new box (cost maybe high), could be worse. So the adversary would give red to force end, resulting net 1, which is lower than 2. But in the example, the adversary gave white, leading to net 2. So why would the adversary do that? Because the example is just one possible play, not optimal for Ball. The problem states both play optimally. So the optimal play for Ball would be to give a type that minimizes Box's final money. So in that state, Ball would give a type for which Box has no capacity (if any) to force end or costly purchase. Since there are only 2 types (M=2), after buying box3, Box has capacity for both white and black. So Ball cannot give a type with no capacity because both types have capacity. So Ball must give either white or black. He will choose the one that leads to lower final net. So we need to analyze: after state with box2 (white, cap1) and box3 (black, cap2), Ball gives a ball. If he gives white, Box can place it in box2, earning 1, net becomes 2 (earned 4, spent 2). Then state: box2 full (cap0), box3 (black, cap2). Now Ball can give black? If he gives black, Box places in box3, earning 1, net 3, state: box2 full, box3 cap1. Then Ball could give white again? But box2 full, no capacity for white; he would have to either buy new box or end. Buying a new box might be costly. He might end. So Ball could continue to give black until box3 full, then give white to force end. That would yield net: after filling box3 completely, earned 5, spent 2, net 3. But Ball might choose to give white earlier to force end sooner? Let's simulate optimally.

We need to compute the value of the game from the start. The sample answer is 2, so the optimal net is 2. That suggests that from the initial state, with optimal play from both, the net is 2. So Ball can force net at most 2, and Box can guarantee at least 2.

Let's attempt to compute optimal strategies.

We have boxes: (1,1e9) useless, (3,1), (3,1). M=2.

Box's possible strategies: He can buy boxes at times.

We need to find the value.

Perhaps we can think in terms of "each box can be thought of as providing a 'profit' if it can be filled, but the adversary can limit the number of balls of each type."

Maybe the game reduces to: Box can guarantee a profit equal to the maximum over all subsets of boxes of (sum of (V_i - P_i) for boxes in the subset) but with the constraint that the number of boxes in the subset is at most M? That gave 4, not 2.

Maybe it's sum of (V_i - P_i) for boxes with V_i > P_i, but capped by something like the sum of the top M (V_i - P_i) after sorting? For M=2, top two (3-1)=2 each, sum=4, not 2.

Maybe it's the maximum total net from filling boxes, but the adversary can force you to leave at least one unit of capacity unused per box? Not sure.

Let's try to derive more systematically.

We can model the game as a combinatorial game where Box's actions are to buy boxes and accept balls, and Ball's actions are to choose types. This is a perfect information zero-sum game with potentially infinite horizon (but finite because capacities are finite and Ball can keep giving balls indefinitely, but Box can end). Since Box can end at any time, the game will end after finite steps because Box will eventually decide to end when continuing is not beneficial.

We can attempt to compute the value using a "minimax" on the number of balls accepted. However, the state space is large.

Maybe we can think in terms of "Box will only buy boxes that are 'efficient' in the sense that their cost per capacity is low, and he will use them to accept balls until the adversary forces him to stop." The adversary's optimal strategy is to always give a type for which Box has the least "profitable" remaining capacity, or to force Box to buy a new box.

Consider that each box, once purchased and assigned a type, yields a net profit equal to (number of balls placed in it) - P. The adversary can control how many balls are placed in each box by choosing types. The Box can decide which box to assign each ball to (subject to type constraints). So from Box's perspective, given a set of purchased boxes, the adversary will choose a sequence of types to minimize the total number of balls placed (since each ball gives +1) subject to the constraint that Box will accept as long as possible? Actually Box can also choose to stop early, so the adversary might force him to stop before filling all boxes.

But if Box has already purchased boxes, he would like to accept as many balls as possible because each accepted ball gives +1 with no additional cost. So from a state where he has some remaining capacity (across types), he will accept any ball for which he has capacity, because accepting yields +1 and does not hurt future (since capacity decreases by 1, but that's fine). However, accepting a ball might change the state in a way that allows the adversary to later force a stop? But if he has capacity for a type, accepting that ball reduces capacity for that type, but that's inevitable if he wants to earn. There's no downside to accepting a ball for which he has capacity, because it increases profit by 1 and doesn't create any new obligation (the box is already purchased). The only potential downside is that by accepting, he might reduce capacity for that type, making it possible that later the adversary can give a type with no capacity, forcing end. But if he didn't accept, he would end now, which yields lower profit. So accepting is always beneficial if he has capacity. Therefore, in any state where there is capacity for the offered type, Box will accept and place the ball (choosing a box that minimizes future disadvantage? But all boxes of that type are equivalent except for remaining capacity; using one reduces its capacity, but that's fine). So the only decision points are when the offered type has no capacity. Then Box must decide whether to buy a new box (and which one) or end the game.

Thus, the game simplifies: At each step, Ball chooses a type T. If Box currently has any capacity for T (i.e., there exists an empty box or a box of type T with remaining capacity), then Box will accept (since it's strictly better than ending, assuming future optimal play yields non-negative marginal? But we need to verify: Could accepting ever lead to a lower eventual net than ending immediately? Suppose accepting a ball now yields +1, but it might enable the adversary to later force a situation where Box loses more than 1? But Box can always end later. The only risk is that by accepting, he might be forced to buy a box later that he wouldn't have bought otherwise, incurring cost. But if he ends now, he avoids that cost. So we need to compare the value of continuing after accepting vs ending now. However, if he has capacity for T, accepting does not force him to buy anything; it just uses existing capacity. It might reduce capacity for T, possibly making it zero, which could later force a purchase if the adversary gives T again. But if he ends now, he gets 0 additional. If he accepts, he gets +1 now, and then the game continues from a state with one less capacity for T. The future value from that state might be less than the value from the current state minus 1? But we need to see if accepting could be detrimental. Intuitively, since he can always end later, accepting a free +1 should never reduce the maximum guaranteed net, because he could always choose to end immediately after accepting, which would yield +1 more than ending now. However, after accepting, the state changes, and the adversary might have a better response from that new state, potentially reducing the net gain from future steps. But the net gain from future steps is added to the +1. If the future net from the new state is less than the future net from the old state (if he had ended), it's possible that total could be less than ending now? But ending now yields 0 future. So we compare: accept then play optimally from new state: value = 1 + V_new. End now: value = 0. So accept is better if V_new >= -1. Since V_new is likely non-negative (he can always end with 0), it's better. However, could V_new be negative? The value of a state is the net profit from that state onward, which could be negative if he has already purchased boxes that are not yet paid off? But the value includes future earnings minus future costs. It could be negative if he has committed to buying boxes that are not yet fully utilized and the adversary can force him to end with those boxes underutilized, resulting in net loss from that point? But note: In a state, he may have already purchased some boxes, incurring sunk costs. The value from that state includes those sunk costs? Typically, when we define value from a state, we consider future decisions; sunk costs are already accounted in the net profit so far, but for the value from the state onward, we consider additional profit minus additional costs. So if he has already bought boxes, the cost is sunk, and the value from the state onward is the additional net he can achieve from now on. That could be negative if he cannot recoup any more and may be forced to incur additional costs? But he can always end immediately, getting 0 additional. So the value from any state is at least 0, because he can end and get 0 additional. So V_new >= 0. Therefore, 1 + V_new >= 1 > 0, so accepting is always better than ending when capacity exists. So indeed, Box will always accept if he has capacity for the offered type.

Thus, the only strategic decisions are when the offered type has no capacity. Then Box must decide: end the game (get 0 additional) or buy a box (pay P, gain capacity V, then accept the ball (using 1 capacity, earning 1), and continue from a new state where he has that box (now with remaining capacity V-1) dedicated to type T, plus any other boxes.

So the game reduces to: At each step, Ball chooses a type T. If Box has capacity for T, he automatically accepts (using some capacity) and earns 1. If not, Box chooses either to end (value 0) or to buy a box i (pay P_i, then accept the ball, earning 1, and the box becomes of type T with remaining capacity V_i - 1). He can also possibly buy multiple boxes before accepting? But buying more than one at that moment seems unnecessary because he only needs to place one ball now; buying extra boxes would incur extra cost without immediate benefit, and he could buy them later if needed. However, buying a box now might be beneficial if it provides additional capacity for future, but he could also buy it later when needed. Since buying later doesn't change the cost (same P_i), and he can buy at any time, there's no advantage to buying earlier unless it affects the adversary's choices. But the adversary sees the state and adapts. Buying a box earlier might change the adversary's strategy, potentially forcing him to give different types. Could buying a box earlier be beneficial? Possibly if buying a box now prevents the adversary from forcing a purchase later under worse conditions? But the adversary will always try to minimize profit, so buying earlier might give the adversary more information or more options? Since the adversary already knows everything, buying earlier just changes the state. It might be that buying a box now could allow you to accept more balls later, but you could also buy it later when needed. However, if you buy it now, you might be able to accept a ball of a type that you wouldn't have capacity for otherwise, but that's exactly the situation: you are buying because you need capacity now. For future, you could also buy later. So it seems optimal to only buy a box when you need it to accept the current ball (i.e., when you have no capacity for the offered type). Because if you buy a box when you do have capacity, you could have just used existing capacity and saved the cost for later. So we can assume Box only buys boxes at moments when he has no capacity for the offered type and decides to continue.

Thus, the game is a kind of "online" decision: each time Ball picks a type T that Box has no capacity for, Box can either quit or pay P_i to buy a box i (choosing which box to buy) and then accept the ball, gaining 1 and adding a box of type T with remaining capacity V_i-1.

He can also choose which box to buy among the remaining (not yet purchased) boxes. He will choose the one that maximizes his future net profit given the new state.

Ball, knowing Box's strategy, will choose the type T at each step to minimize the eventual net profit.

This is reminiscent of a "greedy" process where Box builds capacity for types as they are demanded, paying costs, and earns revenue from each ball placed.

We can think of it as: Box starts with no boxes. Ball will present a sequence of types. Box can either stop or, when a type appears that he has no capacity for, he can decide to "open" a box for that type by paying its cost, and then he gets that ball plus future capacity for that type.

But note: even if he has capacity for a type, he might still have multiple boxes of that type with remaining capacity. He will use them as balls come.

So the process is: There is a set of box types (each with V_i, P_i). Box can purchase boxes over time. Each purchased box, once assigned a type, provides up to V_i slots for that type. The adversary chooses the order of types.

We need to compute the value of this game.

Let's denote that Box will eventually purchase some boxes. The order of purchases is determined by the adversary's choices of types that force purchases. The adversary can decide which types to force purchases on, and in which order, to minimize net profit.

Given that Box can choose which box to buy when forced, he will pick the most cost-effective box for that situation.

But the adversary can also, after some boxes are purchased, give types that have capacity, allowing Box to earn without cost. The adversary will try to minimize the total earnings relative to costs.

This looks like a combinatorial optimization: Box wants to select a multiset of boxes (since each box can be bought at most once) and an assignment of each box to a type (the type of the first ball placed in it) such that, under adversarial ordering of ball types, the net profit is maximized. However, the adversary controls the sequence, so the net profit will be determined by the worst-case sequence given the boxes and assignment.

But Box can also decide dynamically which box to buy when forced, which effectively determines the assignment based on the type that forced the purchase. So the assignment is not fixed beforehand; it's determined by the adversary's choices of which types to force purchases on. The adversary can choose which types to force purchases on, and Box can respond by choosing which box to buy for that type. So the adversary can influence which box gets assigned to which type.

Thus, the game can be seen as: There is a set of boxes. The adversary will, over time, request types. When a type is requested that has no existing capacity, Box may buy a box (choose one from remaining) and assign it to that type. The adversary can then continue requesting types, possibly the same or different. The adversary's goal is to minimize net profit = total balls accepted - total cost of boxes bought.

Box's goal is to maximize it.

This is similar to a "pricing" game where the adversary chooses which items to demand, and the player invests in capacity.

We can attempt to compute the value using a "minimax" over the order of forced purchases.

Observation: Once a box is purchased and assigned to a type, it provides capacity for that type. The adversary can later give balls of that type, which Box will accept, earning 1 per ball, until the box is full. The adversary would prefer not to give balls of a type that has unused capacity, because that would increase Box's profit. However, the adversary might be forced to give such balls if all types have capacity? Actually, the adversary can always choose any type. If there exists at least one type for which Box has no capacity, the adversary can give that type to force a purchase or end. If Box has capacity for all types (i.e., for every type, there is some remaining capacity), then the adversary cannot force a purchase; any type he gives, Box can accept and earn 1. In that case, the adversary would want to minimize the number of balls Box can accept before he runs out of capacity? But Box can keep accepting as long as there is capacity for the given type. The adversary can choose which type to give each time. If Box has capacity for all types, the adversary could give a type that has the smallest remaining capacity, to exhaust that type quickly, after which that type will have no capacity, and then the adversary can give that type again to force a purchase or end. So the adversary can strategically exhaust capacities to create a type with no capacity, then force a purchase.

Thus, the game is about managing capacities across types.

Given that M (number of types) can be up to 3e5, but N also up to 3e5. We need an efficient solution.

Maybe we can think in terms of "each box is like a resource that can be converted into profit only if the adversary supplies enough balls of its type." The adversary will try to starve boxes after they are bought, to minimize the number of balls placed in them.

If Box buys a box with capacity V and cost P, the net contribution from that box will be (number of balls placed in it) - P. The adversary can limit the number of balls placed in it to at most 1 (by never giving that type again after the first ball), unless Box can force the adversary to give more balls of that type. How can Box force that? Only by having no capacity for other types, forcing the adversary to give balls of types that have capacity. But the adversary controls the type, so he can always give a type that has capacity, but he might choose one that leads to less profit for Box. If Box has multiple types with capacity, the adversary will choose the type that minimizes the eventual net profit. This could be the type with the smallest "marginal value" or something.

We need to analyze the value of the game as a function of the set of boxes.

Let's attempt to formulate as a linear programming or game value.

Consider that Box's strategy can be represented by a decision of which boxes to buy and in what order when forced. Since the adversary chooses the sequence, we can think of the worst-case sequence for a given Box strategy.

Maybe we can compute the value as the solution to a maximin problem:

Value = max_{policy} min_{sequence} ( #accepted - sum_{boxes bought} P_i )

But the policy can be adaptive.

We can try to characterize the optimal policy for Box. It might be a threshold policy: buy a box only if its "efficiency" (V_i - P_i) is above some threshold, and then use it in a certain way.

Alternatively, maybe the answer is simply the sum over boxes of max(0, V_i - P_i) but with a twist: you can only use at most one box per type? No.

Let's test on sample 1 with that sum: (3-1)+(3-1)=4, but answer 2. So the adversary reduces profit by 2. How could that happen? In the optimal play, Box ends up buying both boxes, but only one is fully utilized (3 balls), the other only 1 ball. So total balls = 4, costs = 2, net = 2. The adversary forced underutilization of one box. The maximum possible balls from these two boxes if both fully used would be 6, net 4. But adversary limited to 4 balls. So the loss is 2.

Why only 4 balls? Because after buying the second box, the adversary could have given a type that forced end before filling the second box. In the optimal play, the adversary gave a white ball after the black ball, which allowed Box to fill box2 completely, but then after that, the adversary could give a type with no capacity? Let's simulate optimal play from start with both players optimal.

We need to determine the value of the game. Let's attempt to compute it via backward induction from the end, but state space large.

Maybe we can think in terms of "each box can be considered as offering a 'profit' of V_i - P_i if it is fully filled, but the adversary can ensure that at most one box per type can be fully filled? Not exactly.

Let's try to derive the value for given boxes and M.

Consider that Box will only buy boxes that are "profitable" in the sense that even if the adversary gives only one ball of that type (the one that forced the purchase), the net from that box might still be non-negative? In sample, box with V=3, P=1: if only one ball placed, net = 1-1 = 0. So it's break-even. If zero balls placed, net = -1 (bad). But Box would not buy it if he expects only one ball. However, in the game, he bought it because he anticipated that he could get at least one more ball from that type or from other types? Actually, he bought box3 when a black ball came. At that point, he had box2 with white, capacity 1 left. By buying box3, he got the black ball (1) and paid 1, net 0 from that transaction. But then he got an extra white ball later, net +1. So the decision to buy box3 was based on the expectation that he could get at least one more ball (of any type) after buying it, to make the purchase worthwhile. The adversary, after seeing box3 bought, could have given a type with no capacity to force end, but there was none because both types had capacity. So the adversary was forced to give a type with capacity, which yielded an extra ball. So the purchase was beneficial because it created capacity for both types, preventing the adversary from forcing an end immediately. In general, buying a box can increase the set of types for which you have capacity, potentially forcing the adversary to give balls that earn you money.

Thus, the value of buying a box is not just its own capacity, but also its effect on the adversary's options.

This resembles a "covering" game: you want to have capacity for all types, so that the adversary cannot force an end without giving you a ball. If you have capacity for all M types, then any ball the adversary gives, you can accept and earn 1. So you can continue indefinitely, earning infinite profit? But wait, capacities are finite. If you have capacity for all types, but each capacity is limited, eventually you will run out of capacity for some type after accepting enough balls. However, the adversary can choose which type to give. If you have capacity for all types, the adversary will give balls of a type that has the smallest remaining capacity, to exhaust that type first. Once a type's capacity reaches 0, then that type has no capacity, and the adversary can give that type to force a purchase or end. So you cannot earn infinite profit; you'll eventually run out of capacity for some type, and then the adversary can force a decision.

Thus, the game is finite: total capacity across all boxes is finite. The maximum number of balls that can be accepted is total capacity (sum V_i of purchased boxes). But the adversary can limit the number of balls accepted by strategically exhausting capacities and then forcing end before all capacity is used.

So the net profit = (number of accepted balls) - (sum of costs of purchased boxes). The adversary wants to minimize this, Box wants to maximize.

Given that Box can decide which boxes to buy and when, we need to compute the maximin value.

Let's denote that Box will end up buying some set S of boxes. The total capacity of S is C = sum_{i in S} V_i. The total cost is P_S = sum_{i in S} P_i. The maximum possible balls accepted is C, but the adversary may force acceptance of fewer balls, say K ≤ C. Then net = K - P_S. Box can also decide to stop earlier, but that would reduce K further, so he would not stop unless forced. So under optimal play from both, given S, the adversary will try to minimize K, while Box will try to maximize K by his choices of which box to buy when forced and how to allocate balls (but allocation is forced by type). However, given S, the sequence of types determines K. Box can influence allocation by choosing which box to assign when a type first appears (i.e., when buying a box for that type, he chooses which box to use). So given S, the adversary chooses the sequence of types adaptively to minimize K, and Box chooses which box to assign to each type when it first appears (i.e., when forced to buy a box for that type, he selects which box from S to use). Also, after boxes are assigned, when a type appears again, Box must place the ball into a box of that type with remaining capacity; if multiple, he can choose which one, but that may affect future capacities. So Box has some control.

Thus, for a given set S, we can consider a subgame where the boxes are already purchased (costs sunk), and the game proceeds with Ball choosing types and Box assigning balls to boxes (with capacities). The value of this subgame (additional net from now on) is the maximum number of balls Box can force (since costs are sunk, net = number of balls accepted). Actually, from that point, net increase = number of balls accepted (since no more costs). Box wants to maximize that, Ball wants to minimize. So it's a game of maximizing the number of accepted balls given the boxes and their assignments.

But Box also had the choice of which boxes to buy and when, incurring costs. So overall value = max_{strategy} ( min_{adversary} (balls accepted - costs) ).

We can think of it as: Box selects a set S and an assignment of each box to a type (maybe dynamic) to maximize the guaranteed net. However, the adversary can influence assignment by the order of types.

Maybe we can find that the optimal strategy for Box is to buy boxes in increasing order of "cost per capacity" or something, and the value can be computed via a greedy algorithm.

Let's attempt to analyze the subgame where boxes are already purchased and assigned to types? But assignment is not fixed initially; it emerges as types are presented.

Suppose we have a multiset of boxes with capacities. Initially, all boxes are empty (not assigned). When a type T is first presented, Box must assign an empty box to T (if he has any) or if no empty box, he cannot accept (but in this subgame, boxes are already purchased, so if no empty box and no box of type T with capacity, then he cannot accept, so the game would end? But in the overall game, if he has no capacity for T, he could end or buy a new box. In the subgame where no more purchases are allowed, if he has no capacity for T, he must end (since he cannot buy). So the subgame value is the number of balls he can accept before he is forced to end because a type appears with no capacity.

Thus, given a multiset of boxes (all empty initially), and M types, Ball chooses a sequence of types. Box can assign each first occurrence of a type to an empty box (choosing which box). After assignment, that box becomes of that type with capacity V_i - 1 remaining. Subsequent balls of that type can be placed into any box of that type with remaining capacity (Box can choose which). The game ends when a type is presented for which there is no empty box and no box of that type with remaining capacity. Box wants to maximize the number of balls accepted before that happens; Ball wants to minimize it.

This is a known combinatorial game: it's like we have resources (boxes) with capacities, and we need to serve requests of different types. The adversary chooses the request sequence to minimize the number served before a request cannot be served. The player can decide which resource to allocate to each new type.

This is similar to the "online bipartite matching" or "ball and bins" but with capacities.

We can think of it as: We have a set of bins (boxes) each with capacity V_i. Initially all bins are empty and uncolored. When a request of color T arrives, if there is a bin already colored T with remaining capacity, we can put the ball there (using one unit). If not, we must color an empty bin with T (if any) and put the ball there, using one unit and leaving capacity V_i-1. If no empty bin, we cannot serve the request, and the game ends. The player can choose which empty bin to color when a new color appears.

The adversary wants to minimize the total number of requests served before a failure.

This is reminiscent of the "adversarial bin packing" or "worst-case sequence for given bins". The player's goal is to maximize the minimum number of requests that can be served regardless of sequence, by choosing which bin to assign to each new color.

This subgame value (maximum guaranteed number of balls that can be accepted given the multiset of boxes) is something we can compute. Then the overall game includes the cost of boxes, and Box can decide which boxes to purchase (maybe not all) to maximize net = (guaranteed balls) - (total cost). Since he can also decide to stop earlier, but the guaranteed balls from the subgame is the maximum number he can force the adversary to allow him to accept if he plays optimally, assuming he has already purchased those boxes and will not buy more. However, in the full game, he could also buy additional boxes later when a failure would otherwise occur. So the full game is more flexible: he can invest more to continue.

Thus, the full game can be seen as: He starts with no boxes. At each failure point (no capacity for offered type), he can either end or buy a new box (pay cost) and continue. So he can incrementally add boxes. The adversary chooses the sequence to minimize net.

This is like an online decision: each time a type with no capacity appears, he can pay to add a box (of his choice) and continue. The value is the maximum net he can guarantee.

We can think of it as a kind of "optimal stopping" problem where the state is the current set of boxes (with remaining capacities and assignments). The value function satisfies a Bellman equation.

Given the large constraints, there must be a simpler characterization.

Let's attempt to compute the value for a given set of boxes if we assume Box will buy them all at the start? But he can buy later, which might be better because he can avoid buying boxes that never get used. However, the adversary can force him to buy boxes if he wants to continue. So the optimal strategy might be to only buy boxes when forced, and to choose the best box for that situation.

Thus, the game proceeds as: Initially, no boxes. Ball chooses a type T1. Box has no capacity, so he must either end (value 0) or buy a box i, pay P_i, accept the ball (earn 1), and now has a box of type T1 with remaining capacity V_i-1. Then Ball chooses next type T2. If T2 == T1 and the box has remaining capacity, Box accepts (earns 1) and reduces capacity. If T2 != T1, then Box has no capacity for T2 (since only box is of type T1). So he must again decide: end or buy another box. And so on.

So the process is: Each time Ball introduces a new type (different from all types that currently have capacity), Box is forced to either end or buy a new box for that type. If Ball repeats a type that already has capacity, Box simply accepts and earns.

Thus, the adversary's power is to decide when to introduce new types. He can keep introducing new types to force Box to buy boxes, or he can repeat existing types to let Box earn without cost. The adversary will choose the sequence to minimize net profit.

So the game is essentially: Box has the option to buy boxes at cost. Each time a new type appears, he must buy a box (if he wants to continue) and assign it to that type. After buying, he gets the ball (1 yen) and the box provides additional capacity for that type. The adversary can then decide to give more balls of that type (which Box will accept, earning yen) or introduce another new type.

The adversary wants to minimize net = total balls accepted - total cost of boxes bought.

Note that each box bought yields at least 1 ball (the one that forced the purchase). Additional balls of that type can be accepted later, up to V_i-1 more.

So the net contribution of a box i, if it is bought when type T is introduced, is: (1 + x) - P_i, where x is the number of additional balls of type T that are accepted after the purchase, before the game ends. The adversary can control x by deciding how many times to give type T after the box is bought. He will give as few as possible, subject to the constraint that he might be forced to give type T if he has no other types with capacity? But he can always introduce a new type (if there are still types not yet introduced) to force another purchase, or if all types have been introduced, he can only give existing types. So the adversary's strategy depends on M, the total number of types.

Thus, the number of distinct types M plays a crucial role. If M is large, the adversary can keep introducing new types, forcing Box to buy many boxes, potentially with little additional earnings per box. If M is small, after all types are introduced, the adversary must give balls of existing types, allowing Box to fill boxes.

So the game is about balancing the cost of buying boxes against the revenue from filling them, with the adversary controlling the introduction of new types.

We can think of it as: Box will eventually buy some number k of boxes, each assigned to a distinct type (since each new type forces a purchase, and once a type has a box, the adversary could still introduce another new type, forcing another purchase). However, Box could also buy multiple boxes for the same type if the capacity of the first box is exhausted and the adversary gives more balls of that type than capacity? But the adversary would avoid giving many balls of a type if it would fill the box and then force another purchase? Actually, if a box for type T is full, then type T has no capacity. Then if the adversary gives type T again, Box would have no capacity for T, forcing a purchase (if he wants to continue) or end. So the adversary could, after filling a box, give type T again to force another purchase. That would be another box for the same type. So it's possible to have multiple boxes for the same type.

Thus, the adversary can force purchases not only for new types but also for existing types after their capacity is exhausted.

So the process is: The game state includes, for each type, the total remaining capacity across boxes of that type. When a type is presented, if total remaining capacity for that type > 0, Box accepts and reduces capacity by 1. If total remaining capacity = 0, then Box must either end or buy a new box for that type (pay cost, gain V_i capacity, then accept the ball using 1 capacity, leaving V_i-1). So purchases occur when a type with zero capacity is presented.

The adversary chooses which type to present each turn. He will try to minimize net profit.

This is reminiscent of a "ski rental" or "online capacity expansion" problem.

We can attempt to formulate the value as follows: Suppose Box decides on a strategy that, whenever a type with zero capacity is presented, he will buy a box from a certain set (maybe the cheapest per capacity?). The adversary will then choose the sequence to maximize the number of purchases (costs) while minimizing the number of balls accepted (revenue). But each purchase also yields at least 1 ball (the one that triggered it). So the net from a purchase is at least 1 - P_i plus future earnings from the added capacity.

The adversary can decide to present a type with zero capacity repeatedly to force multiple purchases for the same type, each time incurring cost and earning 1 immediate yen, but also adding capacity that could be used later. However, if he presents the same type again after a purchase, Box now has capacity for that type, so the adversary would not present it again immediately if he wants to force another purchase; he would wait until that capacity is exhausted. To exhaust capacity, the adversary would need to present that type many times, which would give Box many yen. So the adversary faces a trade-off: presenting a type with capacity yields yen to Box; presenting a type with zero capacity forces a purchase (cost) but also yields 1 yen. The net effect of a purchase is: Box pays P_i, earns 1 immediately, and gains V_i-1 future capacity for that type. The future capacity can be used to earn additional yen if the adversary presents that type again. The adversary would prefer not to present that type again, because that would give Box free yen. However, if the adversary never presents that type again, the remaining capacity is wasted, and the net from that purchase is 1 - P_i, which could be negative if P_i > 1. So the adversary would like to force purchases with high cost relative to 1, and then avoid giving that type again, making the net negative. But Box can choose which box to buy when forced; he will choose a box with low cost and high capacity to mitigate this. The adversary can also force purchases for types that already have capacity? No, only when capacity is zero.

Thus, the adversary's optimal strategy might be: always present a type for which Box currently has zero capacity, and among those, choose the one that leads to the worst outcome for Box after he buys a box (i.e., the type that minimizes the future value). But Box can choose which box to buy for that type.

This is getting complicated.

Maybe we can model the game as a kind of "minimax flow" where each box provides a certain number of "free" balls after the first.

Let's denote that each box i, if purchased, contributes a "net value" that depends on how many balls of its type are eventually placed in it. The adversary can control that number, but Box can influence by choosing which box to assign to which type when forced.

Given that Box can choose the box at the time of purchase, he will assign the most cost-effective box to the type that the adversary forces. However, the adversary can force purchases for different types, potentially using up the best boxes early.

So the order matters.

We need to compute the value of the game. Perhaps it can be reduced to a simple formula: The answer is the maximum over k of (sum of the k largest (V_i - P_i) ) but with k limited by something like the number of types? Not matching sample.

Let's try to compute the value for sample 1 using reasoning.

Boxes: A: V=1, P=1e9 (useless), B: V=3, P=1, C: V=3, P=1. M=2.

We suspect the value is 2.

Let's attempt to compute the value by considering Box's possible strategies.

Strategy 1: Never buy any box. Then when first ball comes, he has no capacity, so he must end. Net = 0.

Strategy 2: Buy only one box, say B, at some point. When first ball comes (type T1), he buys B, pays 1, earns 1, net 0 so far, and has box B of type T1 with remaining capacity 2. Now the adversary can choose next type. If he gives T1 again, Box accepts, earns 1, net +1, remaining capacity 1. If he gives T1 again, earns another, net +2, capacity 0. Then if he gives T1 again, Box has no capacity, must end or buy another box. If he ends, net = 2. If he buys another box (C), pays 1, earns 1, net becomes 2 (since +1-1=0), and gets box C of type T1 with capacity 2. Then adversary could give T1 again, earning more, etc. But the adversary will choose to minimize final net. Let's see: After buying B and having capacity 2 for T1, the adversary could give the other type T2 (since M=2). Since Box has no capacity for T2, he must either end or buy a box. If he ends, net = 0 (since only earned 1 from first ball? Wait: after buying B and accepting first ball, net = 0. If he ends now, net = 0. If he buys another box for T2, say C, pays 1, earns 1, net still 0, and now has box C of type T2 with capacity 2. Then the state: B (T1, cap2), C (T2, cap2). Now both types have capacity. The adversary must give some type. He will choose the type that leads to lower eventual net. We need to compute the value from this state with two boxes, each capacity 3 (but B already used 1? Actually B had 1 ball placed, so remaining 2; C has 1 ball placed, remaining 2). So total remaining capacity = 4. The adversary can give balls. He wants to minimize total balls accepted (since costs are sunk). But he also could force purchases later if capacity runs out. However, with both types having capacity, any ball given will be accepted, earning 1. The adversary can decide the order to minimize total accepted before a forced purchase? But since both types have capacity, he can keep giving balls until one type's capacity is exhausted. He will likely give balls of the type with smaller remaining capacity to exhaust it quickly, then give that type again to force a purchase. But purchases cost money, which reduces net. However, from this state, Box already has both boxes; no more purchases unless forced. If a type's capacity becomes 0, and the adversary gives that type, Box would have no capacity and would have to either end or buy a new box. But he could end, avoiding cost. So the adversary might try to force a situation where Box, to continue, would have to buy a new box, which might be costly, or end with lower total balls. But Box can always end, so the adversary can force end at a point where net is low.

Let's compute the value from state S: Box has two boxes: Box B (type T1, remaining cap 2), Box C (type T2, remaining cap 2). No more boxes to buy (unless he decides to buy more, but he could). Costs are sunk. The game from this state: Ball chooses type each turn. Box will accept if capacity exists. If a type with zero capacity is chosen, Box can end (0 additional) or buy a new box (cost). He would only buy if it improves net. Since we want to compute the optimal net from this state, we need to consider that Box may buy additional boxes if beneficial.

But perhaps in optimal play, Box would not buy any more boxes because the remaining boxes are costly? There are no more boxes except maybe the useless one. So he would not buy the useless box (cost 1e9). So from state S, if a type runs out of capacity and the adversary gives that type, Box will end (since buying the useless box is terrible). So the adversary can force end at a point where total balls accepted from this state is limited.

Let's simulate optimally from state S. Let remaining capacities: T1:2, T2:2. The adversary will give balls to minimize total accepted before a forced end. He can give T1 first: Box accepts, T1 cap becomes 1, earned +1. Then give T1 again: cap becomes 0, earned +1. Now T1 cap 0, T2 cap 2. If he gives T1 again, Box has no capacity for T1, so he must end (or buy). He will end, net from this state = 2. If instead after first T1, he gives T2, similar. So the adversary can ensure that from state S, Box gets at most 2 additional balls? Let's see: He could give T1, T1, then T1 to force end after 2 balls. But after two T1's, T1 cap 0, T2 cap 2. Giving T1 forces end, total 2. Could he get less? If he gives T1, then T2, then T1? After T1 (cap1), T2 (cap1), then T1 (cap0) -> that's 3 balls accepted before forced end? Actually after T1 and T2, capacities: T1:1, T2:1. Then give T1: accepted, T1 cap0, T2 cap1. That's 3 balls. Then if he gives T1 again, end. So total 3. So the adversary would choose the sequence that minimizes the total before forced end. The minimum possible seems to be 2: give the same type twice to exhaust it, then give that type again to force end. But after two of the same type, that type's cap becomes 0, and the other type still has cap 2. Then giving that type forces end after 2 balls. Could the adversary force end after only 1 ball? After first ball, both types have capacity? Actually after first ball of type T1, T1 cap1, T2 cap2. If he then gives T2, both still have capacity. To force end, he needs to give a type with zero capacity. So he must first exhaust one type. The fastest way to exhaust a type is to give it twice (since cap 2). So minimum balls before forced end is 2. So from state S, Box can guarantee at least 2 additional balls? But the adversary chooses the sequence to minimize Box's additional balls. If the adversary plays optimally, he will give T1, T1, then T1 to force end after 2 balls. So Box gets exactly 2 additional balls. Thus, from state S, the additional net (since costs already sunk) is 2. Combined with previous net (which was 0 after buying both boxes? Actually after buying both boxes and accepting the two forced balls (one for each purchase), net was 0? Let's recalc: Start: first ball T1, Box buys B, pays 1, earns 1 => net 0. Second ball T2, Box buys C, pays 1, earns 1 => net still 0. Then we are at state S with remaining capacities 2 each. Then from S, Box gets 2 more balls (adversary forces end after 2), earning 2, net becomes 2. So total net = 2. That matches sample answer.

But could Box do better by buying boxes in a different order or choosing different boxes? Suppose on first ball, he buys B (V=3,P=1). On second ball (T2), he could choose to end instead of buying C. Then net = 0 (since only earned 1, spent 1). That's worse. Could he buy a different box on first ball? Only B and C are good; A is terrible. So buying B then C yields net 2. Could he buy only one box and then continue? After buying B, if the adversary gives T2, Box could end with net 0. If he buys C, net becomes 2 as computed. So buying both yields 2. Could he buy B, then when T2 comes, instead of buying C, he could buy B again? But there is only one B? Actually there are two boxes with V=3,P=1: box2 and box3. They are distinct but identical. So he could buy box2 first, then when T2 comes, he could buy box3 (which is the other). That's what we did. So net 2.

Could he achieve net more than 2? Suppose he buys box2 first (T1). Then the adversary, instead of giving T2 immediately, could give T1 again to let Box earn more. But the adversary wants to minimize net, so he will give T2 as soon as possible to force a purchase or end. So after first purchase, the adversary will give a different type to force another purchase. So the sequence will be: T1 (buy B), T2 (buy C), then maybe T1 or T2 to earn more, but as we saw, from state S the adversary can limit additional earnings to 2. Could Box, after buying both boxes, choose to buy another box later to increase net? The only remaining box is A with V=1,P=1e9, which is terrible. Buying it would reduce net drastically. So no.

Thus, net 2 seems maximal.

Now, could Box guarantee more than 2 by using a different strategy, e.g., buying box2 first, then when T2 comes, instead of buying box3, he could buy box2 again? But box2 is already purchased; can't buy again. So no.

Thus, answer 2.

Now sample 2: N=1, M=300000? Actually second test case: "1 300000" then "1000000000 1". So one box with V=1e9, P=1. M=300000. So there are many types, but only one box. Box can buy this box at cost 1, capacity huge. What is the optimal net? Let's reason.

Initially, no boxes. Ball chooses a type T1. Box can either end (0) or buy the box (cost 1), accept the ball (earn 1), net 0 so far, and now has a box of type T1 with remaining capacity V-1 = 1e9-1. Now the adversary can choose next type. If he chooses a different type T2, Box has no capacity for T2 (since box is type T1). He must either end or buy another box. But there is no other box (only one box total). So he cannot buy another box. Thus, if he wants to continue, he would have to buy the same box again? But it's already purchased; can't buy again. So he cannot accept T2. So he must end. So net = 0. If instead after buying the box, the adversary gives T1 again, Box can accept, earn 1, net becomes 1, and capacity reduces by 1. The adversary could keep giving T1, allowing Box to earn many yen, up to V total balls (including the first). But the adversary wants to minimize net, so he will not give T1 again; he will give a different type to force end. Since there are many types (M large), he can always give a new type. So after the first purchase, the adversary will give a type different from T1, forcing Box to end. Thus, net = 0. So Box cannot get positive net. If he doesn't buy the box, net = 0. So answer 0. Sample output 0 matches.

So in this case, even though the box has huge capacity and low cost, the adversary can force end after the first ball by switching to a new type, because there is only one box and many types. The net from buying the box is 0 (1-1=0) if only one ball is placed. So Box cannot gain.

Now sample 3: More complex, answer 28. We'll analyze later.

So the key is the interplay between the number of types M and the boxes.

Generalizing: Box can buy boxes over time. Each time he buys a box, he pays P_i and gets capacity V_i, but the first ball placed in it yields 1, so immediate net contribution from that transaction is 1 - P_i. However, the box also provides additional capacity V_i - 1 for that type, which can yield future earnings if the adversary gives that type again. The adversary will try to avoid giving that type again, to keep the additional capacity unused, making the net from that box just 1 - P_i. If 1 - P_i is negative, buying that box is detrimental unless he can force the adversary to give more balls of that type later. How can he force that? By ensuring that after buying the box, the adversary has no choice but to give that type because all other types have no capacity? That would require that for every other type, the total remaining capacity is zero. That is, the adversary cannot give a type with capacity without giving Box a yen, so he might prefer to give a type with zero capacity to force a purchase or end. But if all types have zero capacity, then any type the adversary gives will have zero capacity, forcing a purchase or end. But if Box has just bought a box for type T, then type T has capacity >0, so not all types have zero capacity. The adversary can give a different type that has zero capacity, forcing a purchase or end. So to force the adversary to give type T, Box must ensure that all other types have positive capacity, so that any type the adversary picks will have capacity and yield a yen. But the adversary wants to minimize yen, so he would pick a type that yields the least future damage? But if all types have capacity, any pick gives Box +1. So the adversary might be indifferent among them, but he might choose the one that leads to a worse future state for Box (e.g., exhausting a type quickly to later force a purchase). However, if all types have capacity, the adversary cannot force a purchase immediately; he must give some type, earning Box +1. So Box would like to reach a state where every type has at least some capacity, because then the adversary is forced to give him yen each turn (until capacities run out). That is a "covering" state: for each of the M types, total remaining capacity > 0. In such a state, the adversary cannot force a purchase without first exhausting some type's capacity. He will try to exhaust a type as quickly as possible, then give that type to force a purchase or end. So the number of balls Box can earn from a covering state is at least the sum of the minimum capacities? Actually, the adversary will target the type with smallest remaining capacity, give that type repeatedly until it's exhausted, then give it again to force a decision. So the number of balls earned before a forced purchase is at least the minimum remaining capacity among types? Let's analyze.

Suppose we have M types, each with remaining capacity c_t (≥1). The adversary can choose a sequence. He wants to minimize total balls accepted before a forced purchase (or end). He can give balls of a single type t until its capacity becomes 0. Each such ball gives Box +1. After c_t balls of type t, capacity becomes 0. Then he gives type t again; now Box has no capacity for t, so he must either end or buy a new box. If he ends, total balls = c_t. If he buys a new box for type t, he pays cost and continues. So the adversary can force at most c_t balls before a decision point, where c_t is the smallest capacity among types? Actually, he can choose any type. To minimize balls before a forced purchase, he would choose the type with the smallest c_t, because that yields the fewest balls before exhaustion. So the minimum number of balls Box can be forced to accept before a forced purchase is min_t c_t. However, after exhaustion, if Box buys a new box, the game continues, and the adversary can again target the smallest capacity, etc.

Thus, from a covering state, the adversary can ensure that the number of balls accepted before the next purchase is exactly the minimum remaining capacity among types (assuming Box does not end). After that, a purchase is forced (if Box wants to continue). If Box ends, he gets that many balls.

So the dynamic is: Box can invest in boxes to increase capacities, especially to raise the minimum capacity, to delay forced purchases and earn more balls per purchase.

This resembles a "water-filling" or "balancing" process: Box wants to keep the capacities across types as balanced as possible, because the adversary will attack the weakest type.

Now, each purchase of a box for type t increases the capacity of type t by V_i (after placing the first ball, net increase in capacity for that type is V_i - 1, because one ball is used immediately). Actually, when buying a box for type t due to a forced purchase (i.e., when type t has zero capacity and a ball of type t is offered), the process is: Box pays P_i, then accepts the ball (earns 1), and the box becomes of type t with remaining capacity V_i - 1. So the net change in capacity for type t is: it was 0, after purchase it becomes V_i - 1 (since one ball used). So the increase in capacity for type t is V_i - 1. Additionally, Box earned 1 yen, but paid P_i, so net profit change from this transaction is 1 - P_i, plus future earnings from the new capacity.

If Box buys a box when not forced (i.e., he has capacity for the type but chooses to buy anyway), that would be suboptimal because he could have just used existing capacity. So we assume purchases only happen when forced.

Thus, the game can be modeled as: We have M types, each with a current capacity c_t (initially 0 for all). The adversary repeatedly chooses a type t with c_t = 0 (if any) to force a purchase. If there is no type with c_t = 0 (i.e., all c_t > 0), then the adversary must choose some type t with c_t > 0, which yields a ball and reduces c_t by 1. He will choose the type with the smallest c_t to minimize the number of balls before a type hits zero again.

Box, when forced to purchase for type t (c_t = 0), can choose which box i (from remaining) to buy. This will set c_t = V_i - 1 (since after placing the forced ball, capacity becomes V_i - 1). He also incurs net immediate profit change of 1 - P_i.

After that, the game continues.

Box can also decide to end the game at any time, which yields 0 additional profit.

We need to compute the maximum net profit Box can guarantee, given the set of boxes (each can be used at most once).

This is now a more tractable model: The state is the vector of capacities c_t for t=1..M, and the set of remaining boxes. However, M can be up to 3e5, but we might not need to track each type individually if they are symmetric? Types are symmetric except that the adversary can choose which type to force. Since all types are identical from Box's perspective (no inherent differences), the only thing that matters is the multiset of capacities across types, but the adversary can choose which type to attack. Since types are symmetric, the optimal strategy for the adversary will always target the type with smallest capacity (or zero). And Box's decisions when buying a box for a type will assign the box to that type, increasing its capacity.

Thus, the state can be summarized by the sorted list of capacities of types that currently have positive capacity, and the number of types with zero capacity. Initially, all M types have capacity 0.

When the adversary forces a purchase on a type with zero capacity, Box chooses a box, and that type's capacity becomes V_i - 1 (positive). So the number of types with zero capacity decreases by 1, and a new positive capacity value is added.

When the adversary gives a ball to a type with positive capacity (because no zero-capacity types exist), he will choose the type with the smallest positive capacity, reduce it by 1. If that capacity becomes 0, then that type becomes zero-capacity, increasing the count of zero-capacity types.

Thus, the process is similar to maintaining a multiset of positive capacities, and a count of zero-capacity types.

The game ends when Box decides to end (likely when forced to buy a box and he chooses to end instead). He will end if continuing would lead to negative net profit.

We need to compute the optimal net profit.

This resembles a known problem: "Adversarial bin packing with costs" or "Balancing game". It might be solvable by considering that Box will only buy boxes that are "efficient" in terms of increasing the minimum capacity.

Let's denote that after some steps, we have some number k of types that have been "activated" (i.e., have positive capacity). The remaining M - k types have capacity 0. The adversary will always choose a type with capacity 0 if any exist, because that forces a purchase (or end). So as long as there are zero-capacity types, the adversary will force purchases on them. Box can decide to end at any such forced purchase, but if he continues, he must buy a box for that type, paying cost and gaining capacity.

Thus, the game proceeds in two phases:

Phase 1: While there are types with zero capacity, the adversary will force purchases on them. Box can decide to end at any point, but if he continues, he must buy a box for each new type introduced. After buying a box for a type, that type gets capacity V_i - 1.

Phase 2: Once all M types have positive capacity (i.e., k = M), the adversary must give balls to types with positive capacity. He will target the type with the smallest capacity, reducing it until it hits zero, then that type becomes zero, and we go back to Phase 1 (forced purchase) unless Box ends.

So the process alternates between forced purchases (when zero types exist) and earning balls (when all types have capacity).

Box's net profit accumulates: each time he buys a box, he gets 1 - P_i immediate net, and adds capacity V_i - 1 to some type. Each time he accepts a ball in Phase 2, he gets +1 net (no cost).

He can also end at any forced purchase, which yields 0 additional.

We need to determine the optimal strategy for Box: which boxes to buy when forced, and when to stop.

Since the adversary will always force purchases on zero-capacity types until all types are covered, Box must decide how many types to cover (i.e., how many boxes to buy) and which boxes to assign to them, to maximize net profit considering the subsequent Phase 2 earnings.

If Box decides to cover all M types (i.e., buy at least one box for each type), then after that, the game enters Phase 2 where the adversary will give balls, but he can force a purchase again after exhausting the smallest capacity. However, Box could also choose to not cover all types; he might stop earlier, ending the game at some forced purchase, yielding net profit from the boxes bought so far plus any Phase 2 earnings that occurred before covering all types? But Phase 2 only occurs when there are no zero-capacity types. If Box stops before covering all types, there will always be zero-capacity types, so the adversary will always force purchases. So if Box decides to continue, he must keep buying boxes for new types. He could also, after covering some types, decide to end at a forced purchase rather than buy another box. That would yield net profit equal to: total balls accepted so far (which includes the forced balls from purchases and any Phase 2 balls that might have occurred if at some point all types were covered? But if he hasn't covered all types, there is always a zero-capacity type, so the adversary will never give a ball to a type with capacity unless there are no zero-capacity types. Since there are zero-capacity types, the adversary will always choose a zero-capacity type to force a purchase. So Phase 2 never occurs until all types are covered. Therefore, before covering all M types, the only balls accepted are the ones that come with each purchase (the forced ball). There is no opportunity to earn extra balls without buying a box, because the adversary will always pick a type with zero capacity. So the process is: each turn, the adversary picks a type that currently has zero capacity (there is at least one). Box must either end or buy a box for that type. If he buys, he earns 1 from that ball, pays P_i, and that type gets capacity V_i - 1. Then the game continues. So before covering all types, the net profit after k purchases is sum_{j=1..k} (1 - P_{i_j}) where i_j are the boxes bought. There is no other earnings.

Thus, the only way to earn additional balls beyond the forced ones is after all types have been covered (i.e., each type has at least one box with remaining capacity >0). At that point, the adversary must give balls to types with capacity, which yields +1 each, until some type's capacity drops to zero, at which point the adversary can force a purchase again.

So the game has a structure: Box first invests in covering all M types by buying boxes (each purchase gives 1 - P_i net and adds capacity V_i - 1 to that type). After covering all types, he enters a "earning phase" where he can earn balls without cost, but the adversary will try to minimize the number of such balls by exhausting the smallest capacity quickly, then forcing another purchase. Box can then decide whether to buy another box for the exhausted type (or maybe a different type) to continue earning, or end.

Thus, the overall net profit can be expressed as: Net = (number of balls accepted) - (sum of costs of boxes bought). The number of balls accepted includes: one ball per purchase (the forced ball), plus additional balls earned in earning phases.

We need to compute the optimal strategy for Box, given the set of boxes, to maximize net.

This is reminiscent of a "capital investment" problem where you invest in assets that generate revenue over time, but the adversary controls the revenue stream.

We can think of each box as providing a "capacity" that can be used to earn revenue in the future, but only after the type is covered. The revenue earned from a box depends on how many balls of its type are accepted after it is purchased, which is influenced by the adversary's choices.

Given the adversary's strategy of always attacking the type with smallest capacity, the process after covering all types is deterministic: The adversary will give balls to the type with the smallest current capacity until it reaches zero, then force a purchase. This is similar to the "adversarial scheduling" where the player can increase capacities by buying boxes, and the adversary always reduces the smallest capacity.

This is analogous to the following: We have M bins (types), each with some initial capacity (after covering). The adversary repeatedly picks the bin with the smallest current capacity and reduces it by 1 (earning +1 for Box). When a bin reaches 0, the adversary can force a purchase on that bin (i.e., Box can buy a box for that bin to increase its capacity). Box can decide whether to buy a box (pay cost, increase capacity by V_i - 1, and also earn 1 from the forced ball) or end the game.

Thus, after the initial covering, the game becomes a kind of "maintenance" game where Box can invest to replenish capacities.

But note: after covering all types, the initial capacities are the V_i - 1 from the boxes bought for each type (since each type got one box initially). However, Box might have bought multiple boxes for the same type during the covering phase? No, covering phase only buys one box per type because each type starts with zero capacity, and the adversary forces a purchase on a type with zero capacity. Once a type gets a box, its capacity becomes positive, so it's no longer zero. The adversary will then choose another zero-capacity type. So during covering, each type gets exactly one box (if Box continues until all types are covered). He could potentially buy more than one box for a type before covering all types? That would require that after buying a box for type T, its capacity becomes positive, but the adversary could still choose type T again? No, because after purchase, type T has positive capacity, so it's not zero. The adversary will choose a zero-capacity type. So he won't choose T again until all types are covered. So during covering, each type gets at most one box. So after covering, we have exactly M boxes purchased, one per type, with capacities (V_i - 1) for each type (where i is the box assigned to that type). The costs are the P_i of those boxes.

Now, after covering, the state is: for each type t, capacity c_t = V_{i_t} - 1 (where i_t is the box assigned to t). The adversary will now give balls to the type with smallest c_t. Each such ball reduces c_t by 1 and earns +1. When c_t reaches 0, the adversary can give that type again, forcing a purchase. At that point, Box can decide to buy another box for that type (or possibly for another type? But the forced purchase occurs because the offered type has zero capacity. The adversary will choose a type with zero capacity to force a purchase. So after a type's capacity hits 0, the adversary will immediately give that type again to force a purchase (since giving a type with zero capacity forces a decision). So the process is: after some earning steps, a type becomes zero; then the adversary will present that type, forcing Box to either end or buy a box for that type. If Box buys a box, he pays P_j, earns 1 (from the forced ball), and increases that type's capacity by V_j - 1 (since after placing the forced ball, remaining capacity is V_j - 1). Then the game continues with the new capacities.

Thus, after covering, the game becomes a sequence of "rounds": each round consists of a number of earning steps (balls accepted without purchase) equal to the current minimum capacity among types, followed by a forced purchase on the type that just hit zero. After the purchase, that type's capacity increases by V_j - 1, and the round repeats.

Box can also decide to end at any forced purchase instead of buying, which yields no further earnings.

So the net profit from the post-covering phase can be computed if we know the sequence of boxes bought for each type after the initial covering.

But Box can choose which box to buy each time a forced purchase occurs. He has a set of remaining boxes (since initially he used M boxes to cover all types, and there may be additional boxes left). He can also choose to assign a box to a type that already has a box (i.e., buy a second box for that type). That's allowed; the type can have multiple boxes, and the total capacity for that type is the sum of remaining capacities of all boxes of that type. When a ball of that type is accepted, Box can choose which box to put it into (presumably one with remaining capacity). To minimize the adversary's ability to exhaust capacity quickly, Box would want to keep capacities balanced across types. Having multiple boxes for a type increases its total capacity, but also may unbalance if other types have less. The adversary will always attack the type with the smallest total capacity. So Box would like to keep the capacities as equal as possible.

Thus, the optimal strategy for Box after covering is to always increase the capacity of the type that is currently the smallest (or the one that just hit zero) by buying a box for that type, and to choose a box that provides a good trade-off between cost and capacity increase.

This resembles a "balancing" process where Box can invest to raise the minimum capacity, and the adversary reduces the minimum capacity by 1 each step until it hits zero, then forces an investment.

We can model the post-covering phase as: Let the current capacities be c_1, c_2, ..., c_M (all positive). The adversary will repeatedly reduce the smallest capacity by 1 until it becomes 0. The number of steps before a zero occurs is min_i c_i (since each step reduces the minimum by 1, and after min_i c_i steps, the minimum becomes 0). Actually, if the minimum is m, then after m steps, that type will reach 0. During these steps, Box earns m yen. Then a forced purchase occurs on that type. Box can then buy a box for that type, paying cost P, earning 1, and increasing that type's capacity by V-1 (so new capacity becomes (0 + (V-1))? Wait, after the type reached 0, its capacity is 0. Then the adversary gives that type again, forcing a purchase. Box buys a box, places the forced ball, so the type's capacity becomes V-1 (since one ball used). So the new capacity for that type is V-1. The other types' capacities have been reduced by some amounts? During the m steps, the adversary reduced the smallest capacity each time. But after the first step, the smallest might change if there are ties. However, the adversary's optimal strategy to minimize total earnings is to always reduce the current smallest capacity. This is equivalent to: sort capacities, and then reduce the smallest until it becomes 0, but during that process, other capacities may become smaller than the original smallest after some reductions? Actually, if we have capacities [a1, a2, ..., aM] sorted ascending. The adversary will reduce a1 by 1 repeatedly. After each reduction, a1 decreases, and it remains the smallest unless it becomes equal to a2. If a1 < a2 initially, after reducing a1 by 1, it might still be the smallest. After a1 becomes 0, we stop. So the number of steps is exactly a1 (the minimum). During these steps, only a1 is reduced; others stay the same. So after a1 steps, a1 becomes 0, others unchanged. So the total earnings in this round is a1.

Thus, the process is: each round, let m = min_i c_i. Box earns m yen. Then the type with minimum capacity (say type t) becomes 0. Then a forced purchase occurs on type t. Box can buy a box for type t, paying cost P, earning 1, and setting c_t = V-1 (since after purchase, capacity becomes V-1). The other capacities remain as they were (unchanged). Then the next round begins.

Note: After purchase, the new capacity for type t is V-1, which might be larger or smaller than other capacities. The new minimum might be some other type if V-1 is not the smallest.

Box can also decide to end at the forced purchase, which would yield total earnings so far (including the m from the round) and no further cost. That would be equivalent to not buying the box and ending.

Thus, the post-covering phase is a sequence of rounds, each round: earn m = current min capacity, then decide whether to invest in a box for the type that hit zero. If invest, pay P, earn 1 (so net change for the round: +m + 1 - P). Then update capacity of that type to V-1, and continue.

If Box decides to end at a forced purchase, the total net from post-covering is the sum of earnings from previous rounds (including the m of the current round? Actually, the forced purchase occurs after earning m. At the moment of forced purchase, Box has already earned m from the balls in that round. He then can choose to end without buying, which yields total additional net = m (from this round) plus whatever earned before. So ending yields m additional, buying yields m + 1 - P additional plus future.

Thus, the decision to buy depends on whether the future net gain from continuing exceeds the cost.

This looks like a kind of "optimal stopping" problem where each investment yields an immediate net of 1 - P plus an increase in the minimum capacity for future rounds (by setting that type's capacity to V-1). The increase in minimum capacity will generate additional earnings in future rounds (since m will be larger). So buying a box with larger V-1 can raise the minimum, leading to more earnings per round.

Thus, the overall net profit from the entire game can be computed if we decide which boxes to use for the initial covering (one per type) and which boxes to use for subsequent investments, and in what order.

But note: The initial covering also involves buying M boxes, one per type. Those boxes also provide capacity V_i - 1 for each type, which will affect the initial minimum m0. So the choice of which box to assign to which type in the covering phase matters, because it sets the initial capacities.

Since types are symmetric, the optimal assignment is to assign the boxes with larger V_i - 1 to types? But the minimum capacity is determined by the smallest V_i - 1 among the M boxes used for covering. To maximize the initial minimum, Box would like to use boxes with as large V_i - 1 as possible, and also balance them so that the minimum is as high as possible. Since he must assign exactly one box per type, the initial minimum capacity will be the minimum over the M boxes chosen for covering of (V_i - 1). So to maximize the initial minimum, he should choose the M boxes with the largest (V_i - 1) values? Actually, he must use exactly M boxes to cover all types. He could choose any M boxes from the N available. He wants to maximize the initial minimum capacity, because that determines the first round's earnings and also influences future. However, he also cares about the costs of those boxes, because they affect net profit directly (1 - P_i each). So there is a trade-off: a box with large V_i - 1 might have high cost P_i, which could reduce net profit even if it provides high capacity.

Thus, the problem reduces to selecting a multiset of boxes to purchase over the course of the game, with the constraint that initially we need to cover all M types (so at least M boxes, one per type), and then possibly additional boxes for investments. The order of purchases is determined by the adversary: first M purchases are forced one per type (in some order chosen by adversary). Then subsequent purchases are forced when a type's capacity hits zero.

The adversary also chooses the order of types during covering, but since types are symmetric, the order doesn't affect the set of boxes used for covering; Box can decide which box to assign to which type at the moment of purchase. Since the adversary picks the type, Box can choose which box to buy for that type. So effectively, Box can decide which box to assign to each type as they are introduced. Since the adversary can choose the order of types, he might try to force Box to use a less suitable box for a particular type? But Box can always choose any remaining box when a type is introduced. So the adversary cannot force Box to use a specific box; Box has the freedom to choose. Therefore, Box can plan to assign the boxes to types in any permutation he likes, regardless of the order the adversary introduces them. Because when a new type appears, Box can select any remaining box. So the adversary's choice of which type to introduce first doesn't constrain which box Box uses for that type, as long as Box has that box available. So Box can pre-commit to an assignment: he will use a particular set of M boxes for covering, and assign them to types arbitrarily. Since types are symmetric, the assignment doesn't matter; only the multiset of capacities and costs matters.

Thus, the covering phase: Box must purchase M boxes (one per type). He can choose which M boxes to use from the N available. He will pay sum of their P_i, and earn M yen (one per purchase), so net from covering phase = M - sum_{i in covering set} P_i. Additionally, after covering, each type t has capacity c_t = V_i - 1 for the box assigned.

Now, after covering, the game proceeds with rounds as described. Box may also have remaining boxes (not used in covering) that he can buy later when forced purchases occur.

So the overall net profit = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + (earnings from post-covering rounds) - (costs of additional boxes bought in post-covering) + (1 for each forced ball in post-covering? Actually, each forced purchase in post-covering also gives +1 yen, which is accounted in the round net as +1 - P_i. So we can incorporate that.

Let's define the post-covering state: we have M types, each with initial capacity c_t = V_{i_t} - 1, where i_t are the boxes used in covering. We also have a set of remaining boxes R (not yet purchased). The game proceeds in rounds. In each round, let m = min_t c_t. Box earns m yen (from accepting m balls). Then the type with minimum capacity (say type t) becomes 0. Then a forced purchase occurs: Box can either end the game, or choose a box j from R, pay P_j, earn 1, and set c_t = V_j - 1 (since after placing the forced ball, capacity becomes V_j - 1). Then remove j from R, and continue.

If Box ends, total net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + (sum of m over completed rounds) (since no further cost). If Box continues, net increases by m + 1 - P_j for that round, and then future rounds.

Thus, the post-covering phase is a kind of "investment" problem where we have initial capacities vector, and we can invest in increasing the capacity of the type that just hit zero by choosing a box from R.

We need to determine the optimal strategy for Box: which boxes to use for covering, and then how to use remaining boxes in post-covering rounds, to maximize total net.

This looks like we can treat each box as an "item" that can be used either as a covering box (assigned to a type initially) or as an investment box later. The order of use for investment boxes is determined by the rounds: each investment is applied to the type that currently has the minimum capacity (which just hit zero). Since after investment, that type's capacity becomes V_j - 1, which may be larger than other capacities, thus raising the minimum for future rounds.

This is reminiscent of a process where we have a multiset of "capacity increments" (V_j - 1) and costs P_j, and we can apply them to increase the minimum capacity in a sequence. The total net gain from using a box as an investment (rather than as covering) is: it replaces a zero capacity with V_j - 1, and yields immediate net 1 - P_j, and also increases future earnings because the minimum capacity may increase.

But note: If we use a box as a covering box, its contribution to net is 1 - P_i (since we earn 1 from the forced ball) and it sets the initial capacity of some type to V_i - 1. If we use it as an investment later, its contribution is also 1 - P_j (from the forced ball) and it sets the capacity of the type that hit zero to V_j - 1. So the immediate net contribution is the same: 1 - P. The difference is that when used as covering, it contributes to the initial minimum capacity (which affects the first round's m), whereas when used as investment, it contributes to raising the minimum after some rounds.

Thus, the decision of which boxes to allocate to covering vs investment is about timing: using a box earlier (as covering) gives its capacity earlier, potentially increasing earnings in earlier rounds. Using it later might be less beneficial because the capacity is added later, after some rounds have already occurred with lower minimum.

So we need to optimize over allocation.

Given the complexity, perhaps there is a known result: The optimal strategy is to sort boxes by some efficiency metric (like V_i - P_i) and use the best ones for covering, and then use the next best for investments, and the value can be computed by simulating a process where we maintain a min-heap of capacities.

Given constraints up to 3e5, we could potentially simulate the process if we can determine the optimal order of using boxes.

But we need to compute the maximum guaranteed net, which is a minimax value. However, from the analysis, the adversary's strategy is fixed: always force purchase on a type with zero capacity if any, else reduce the smallest capacity. And Box's optimal responses are as described. Since the adversary's strategy is deterministic given the state, the game becomes a one-player optimization problem: Box chooses which boxes to buy and when, and the adversary's moves are predetermined (always attack the weakest). But is that truly optimal for the adversary? We argued that the adversary will always choose a type with zero capacity if exists, because that forces a purchase (or end) and prevents Box from earning without cost. If there are no zero-capacity types, the adversary will choose the type with smallest capacity to minimize the number of balls before a zero occurs. This seems optimal for minimizing Box's net, because any other choice would give Box more balls before a forced purchase or would allow Box to earn more. We should verify that this is indeed optimal for the adversary.

Consider state with no zero-capacity types. If the adversary chooses a type with larger capacity, then the minimum capacity remains unchanged, and after that ball, the minimum might still be the same, and the number of balls before a zero could be larger (since the smallest capacity is not being reduced). Actually, to cause a zero as soon as possible, the adversary should reduce the smallest capacity. That minimizes the number of balls Box earns before a forced purchase. Since each ball gives Box +1, minimizing the number of balls before a forced purchase reduces Box's earnings. Also, after the zero, the adversary can force a purchase, which may incur cost for Box (if he buys) or end the game. So yes, reducing the smallest capacity is optimal for the adversary.

What about when there are zero-capacity types? The adversary could choose a type with positive capacity instead, but that would give Box +1 and not force a purchase immediately, which seems worse for the adversary because it gives Box free yen without forcing a cost. So choosing a zero-capacity type is better. Thus, the described adversary strategy is optimal.

Therefore, the game reduces to a deterministic process based on Box's decisions.

Now we need to compute the maximum net Box can achieve by choosing which boxes to purchase and when, given that the adversary follows this strategy.

We can think of the entire game as Box constructing a sequence of box purchases, each associated with a type (the type that forced the purchase). The first M purchases are forced by the adversary introducing each type once (since initially all types have zero capacity). After that, purchases occur when a type's capacity hits zero.

The adversary determines the order of types in the covering phase, but as argued, Box can assign any box to any type, so the order doesn't matter for the set of boxes used for covering. However, the adversary could choose the order to affect which type gets which box if Box's assignment strategy is not fixed? But Box can adapt: when a type is introduced, he chooses which box to buy for it. So he can decide on the fly. Thus, regardless of order, he can assign the boxes to types as he wishes. So the covering phase essentially allows Box to select any M boxes and assign them arbitrarily to the M types. So the outcome of the covering phase is determined solely by the multiset of M boxes he chooses to use.

After covering, the process is deterministic based on the initial capacities (which are V_i - 1 for each of those M boxes) and the remaining boxes.

Now, the post-covering process: we have initial capacities c_1,...,c_M (each = V_i - 1 for the covering boxes). We also have a set of remaining boxes R. The process: while true, let m = min(c_i). Box earns m. Then let t be an index with c_t = m (if multiple, any). Set c_t = 0. Then Box can either end or choose a box j from R, pay P_j, earn 1, and set c_t = V_j - 1. Remove j from R. Continue.

If Box ends, total net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + total_earned_so_far.

We need to compute the maximum net achievable by optimally choosing which boxes to use for covering and which to reserve for later, and the order of using them in post-covering (i.e., when to invest).

This is reminiscent of a "greedy" strategy: always invest using the box that gives the best "return" in terms of increasing the minimum capacity per cost. But we need to compute the exact value.

Let's denote that after covering, we have a multiset of capacities C = {c_1,...,c_M}. The process of rounds can be simulated if we know the sequence of investments. Each investment replaces a zero capacity with a new capacity d = V_j - 1, at cost P_j, and yields immediate net 1 - P_j plus future earnings from increased minimum.

We can think of the process as maintaining a min-heap of capacities. Initially, we have M capacities. Each round: we pop the minimum m, add m to earnings, then we have a zero. Then we decide to invest: we push a new capacity d (from a box) into the heap, and incur net change of 1 - P (since we earn 1 from the forced ball but pay P). If we don't invest, we stop.

Thus, the total net from post-covering is: sum over rounds of (m) + sum over investments of (1 - P) - but careful: the m in each round is the minimum before the round. After investment, we push d, and then next round's minimum will be the new minimum among the heap (which includes d and the other capacities that have been reduced? Wait, the other capacities have not been reduced during the round; only the minimum was reduced to zero and then replaced by d. The other capacities remain as they were. So after investment, the heap consists of: the other M-1 capacities (unchanged), and the new capacity d. The next round's minimum will be the smallest among these. So the process is: we have a multiset of capacities. Each round we take the smallest, add its value to earnings, remove it, and then optionally insert a new capacity d (from a box) and add 1 - P to net. Then repeat.

If we do not invest, we stop after adding m to earnings (the round's earnings) but we do not get the 1 - P, and we do not insert d. So the net from that round is m, and then game ends.

Thus, the post-covering net can be computed as: start with heap H of initial capacities (size M). total_earn = 0. total_investment_net = 0 (sum of 1-P for investments). While we have boxes to invest and it's beneficial, we do: let m = min(H). total_earn += m. Remove m from H. Then we decide whether to invest. If we invest using box j, we add d = V_j - 1 to H, and total_investment_net += 1 - P_j. Then continue. If we stop, we do not add d, and the game ends; final net = total_earn + total_investment_net.

But note: The initial covering phase already gave us net M - sum_{covering} P_i. Also, the initial capacities are from covering boxes. In the post-covering process, the first round's m is the minimum of these initial capacities. That seems consistent.

However, there is a subtlety: In the covering phase, we already earned M yen and paid costs. In the post-covering, when we invest, we earn an additional 1 yen (from the forced ball) and pay P_j. So the net from investment is 1 - P_j, which we add.

Thus, total net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + total_earn + total_investment_net.

But total_earn includes the m from each round, which are the balls accepted during the earning phases. Note that these balls are in addition to the forced balls from purchases (which are already accounted in M and in investment net). So total balls accepted = M (from covering) + (number of investments) + total_earn. And total cost = sum_{covering} P_i + sum_{investments} P_j. So net = (M + #investments + total_earn) - (sum_{covering} P_i + sum_{investments} P_j) = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + total_earn + (#investments - sum_{investments} P_j). But #investments - sum_{investments} P_j = sum_{investments} (1 - P_j). So same.

Now, the process described (heap with min extraction and optional insertion) is exactly the process if we always invest when we have a box. But we may choose not to invest at some point, ending the game. The decision to invest depends on whether the future gain from inserting d outweighs the cost 1 - P_j (which could be negative if P_j > 1). Since we can always end, we will only invest if doing so leads to a higher final net than ending now.

Thus, we need to determine, given a multiset of initial capacities (from covering) and a multiset of available boxes for investment, the optimal policy for when to invest and which box to use each time, to maximize total net.

This is reminiscent of a "priority queue" problem where we have items (boxes) that can be used to replace the minimum, and we want to maximize net.

We can think of each investment as: we remove the current minimum m (which we earn), and then we add a new capacity d at cost (1 - P). The net effect of this operation on future earnings is that the new minimum may be higher than m, leading to larger m in subsequent rounds. So the benefit of using a box with capacity d is that it replaces a zero (after we earned m) with d, potentially raising the minimum for future rounds.

If we think of the process as we have a collection of capacities. Each round, we earn the minimum. If we never invest, we would just earn the current minimum and then stop (since after removing the minimum, we have no replacement, so the heap size decreases? Actually, if we don't invest, we stop after earning m, and we don't continue. So the total earn would be just that m. But if we invest, we continue, and we will earn further minima.

So the decision to invest is like: pay cost (1 - P) to continue the game and earn additional future minima.

We can model the value of a state (heap H, set of remaining boxes R) as V(H, R). The optimal action at a state where min(H)=m is: either stop, value = m; or invest using some box j in R, value = m + (1 - P_j) + V(H', R\{j}), where H' = H with min removed and d added (d = V_j - 1). We want to maximize.

This is a combinatorial optimization. However, perhaps the optimal strategy is to always invest using the box with the largest (d - (P_j - 1)?) Not sure.

We can attempt to derive that the value depends only on the multiset of capacities and the multiset of (d, P) pairs, and that the optimal policy is to use boxes in decreasing order of some efficiency, and to continue as long as the marginal benefit is positive.

Let's try to analyze the value of the heap process more abstractly.

Suppose we have a heap of capacities. Consider that we will perform a sequence of investments, using some boxes in order. Let the boxes used be j1, j2, ..., jk, with capacities d_i = V_{ji} - 1 and costs P_i. The process: start with initial heap H0 (size M). For t=1 to k: let m_t = min(H_{t-1}); earn m_t; remove m_t; insert d_t; pay cost (1 - P_t) net. After k investments, we may stop, earning the next minimum m_{k+1} and then stop (or we could continue, but we stop at some point). Actually, if we stop after k investments without further investment, we would earn the next minimum m_{k+1} and then end (since we don't invest after that). But in our earlier description, after the last investment, we could also decide to stop at the next forced purchase without investing, which would give an additional m (the minimum after the last investment) and then end. So total earnings from the heap process = sum_{t=1}^{k+1} m_t, where m_{k+1} is the minimum after k investments (i.e., the minimum of H_k) and we stop after earning it without investing. And total investment net = sum_{t=1}^{k} (1 - P_t). So total net from post-covering = sum_{t=1}^{k+1} m_t + sum_{t=1}^{k} (1 - P_t).

But note: after the last investment, we have a heap H_k. The next round would be: m_{k+1} = min(H_k), we earn that, then we have a forced purchase. We choose to end, so we do not invest further. So we earn m_{k+1} and stop. So yes.

If we decide to stop immediately after covering (i.e., k=0), then we just earn m_1 (the minimum of initial heap) and stop. So post-covering net = m_1.

Thus, the total net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + (sum_{t=1}^{k+1} m_t) + sum_{t=1}^{k} (1 - P_t).

We can rewrite total net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + m_1 + sum_{t=2}^{k+1} m_t + sum_{t=1}^{k} (1 - P_t).

But m_1 is the minimum of initial capacities.

Now, the sequence of minima m_t depends on the order of insertions and the values d_t.

This looks like we are building a "tournament" where we replace the smallest element with a new one, and the sum of minima over steps is something like the total "work" done.

We might be able to compute the total sum of minima in terms of the multiset of capacities if we know the order of insertions. However, the order of insertions is under our control: we choose which box to use at each step, which determines d_t.

The adversary's role is only in determining which type hits zero (the minimum), but since we always remove the minimum, that's deterministic given the heap.

Thus, the process is fully controlled by Box's choices of which box to use at each investment.

So we need to choose a subset of boxes to use as investments (in some order) and a subset to use as covering (size M), to maximize total net.

This is a complex combinatorial optimization. However, maybe there is a simpler way: The total net can be expressed as something like: total yen earned = total number of balls accepted = total capacity used across all boxes (since each ball consumes one unit of capacity). But not exactly, because some capacity may be unused if the game ends before filling boxes. However, under optimal play, Box will try to use as much capacity as possible, but the adversary limits it.

Alternatively, maybe the game value equals the maximum over all subsets S of boxes of (sum_{i in S} V_i - sum_{i in S} P_i) but with a penalty of (M - 1) * something? Not matching.

Let's test with sample 1 using our model.

Boxes: two good boxes: B and C, each V=3, P=1. So V-1 = 2. The useless box A: V=1, P=1e9, V-1=0.

M=2.

We need to choose covering set of size 2. The only viable covering set is {B, C} (using A would be terrible). So covering set = {B, C}. Then initial capacities: both 2. So initial heap = [2,2]. Minimum m1 = 2.

Now we have remaining boxes: only A (V-1=0, P=1e9). Should we invest? Let's compute.

If we stop immediately after covering (k=0), post-covering net = m1 = 2. Total net = (M - sum covering P) + 2 = (2 - 2) + 2 = 2. That matches answer.

If we try to invest using A: d=0, P=1e9. Then after earning m1=2, we remove min (2) and insert d=0, heap becomes [2,0] (since other capacity 2 remains). Then we add investment net = 1 - 1e9 = -999999999. Then next round: m2 = min(2,0) = 0. Earn 0. Then forced purchase: we could end or invest again (but no boxes left). If we end, total post-covering net = m1 + m2 + (1 - P_A) = 2 + 0 - 999999999 = -999999997, which is terrible. So not investing is better.

Thus, answer 2.

Now sample 2: N=1, box: V=1e9, P=1, M=300000. Covering set must have size M=300000, but we only have 1 box. So we cannot cover all types because we need M boxes to cover all types. Wait, covering requires buying one box per type, so we need at least M boxes. But we only have 1 box. So it's impossible to cover all types. In that case, the covering phase cannot be completed; the adversary will keep forcing purchases on new types, but we have no boxes left after the first purchase. So after buying the first box for the first type, we have no more boxes to buy for other types. When the adversary introduces a second type, we have no capacity for it and no box to buy (since only one box exists), so we must end the game. Thus, net = from first purchase: 1 - P = 0. So total net = 0. That matches.

So in general, if N < M, Box cannot cover all types, so the game will end after N purchases (if he buys all boxes) or earlier. He might choose not to buy some boxes? But if he doesn't buy, he ends with 0. Buying boxes yields net per purchase = 1 - P_i. Since P_i could be >1, that could be negative. So he would only buy boxes with P_i <= 1 to get non-negative immediate net. But even if P_i=1, net 0. So maximum net is max(0, sum over some subset of boxes with P_i <=1 of (1-P_i)? Actually, if he buys a box with P_i < 1, net positive from that purchase, but then he cannot cover all types, so after that, when a new type appears, he must end (since no more boxes). So total net = sum of (1 - P_i) for boxes bought. He could buy multiple boxes? But he only has N boxes, and each purchase corresponds to a new type. Since M > N, after buying all N boxes, there will still be types with zero capacity, and the adversary will give a type with zero capacity, forcing a purchase but no box available, so game ends. So total net = sum_{i=1..N} (1 - P_i) if he buys all boxes. He could also choose to buy only a subset, ending earlier. So the maximum net is max(0, max over subsets of boxes of sum(1 - P_i)). Since 1 - P_i could be negative, he would only include boxes with P_i <= 1. So answer = max(0, sum_{i: P_i <= 1} (1 - P_i)). But in sample 2, P=1, so 1-P=0, sum=0. So answer 0. That matches.

But wait, could he earn additional balls after covering? No, because covering never completes.

Thus, for N < M, the answer is simply the maximum total of (1 - P_i) over any subset of boxes (since he can decide to buy some boxes and then end when a new type appears without a box). But he could also, after buying some boxes, have some types with capacity, and the adversary might give a type with capacity, earning extra balls? Let's check: If N < M, after buying some boxes, there will still be zero-capacity types. The adversary will always choose a zero-capacity type to force a purchase (or end). He will not give a type with capacity because that would give Box free yen without forcing a purchase, which is worse for the adversary. So the adversary will always pick a zero-capacity type. Therefore, Box will never get to earn balls without a purchase. So the only earnings are the forced balls from purchases. So net = sum over purchased boxes of (1 - P_i). He can choose to stop at any time, so he will only purchase boxes that give non-negative contribution (1 - P_i >= 0). He might also purchase a box with negative contribution if it allows him to earn more later? But since after purchase, the adversary will immediately give another zero-capacity type (since M > number of purchased types), there is no chance to earn extra balls because the adversary will not give a type with capacity. So no benefit. So he won't buy negative net boxes. Thus, answer = max(0, sum_{i: P_i <= 1} (1 - P_i)). But is it always optimal to buy all boxes with P_i <= 1? Possibly yes, because each gives non-negative net and doesn't prevent future purchases (since there are still zero types). However, buying a box with P_i = 1 gives net 0, doesn't affect total, but also doesn't hurt. So answer = sum_{i: P_i < 1} (1 - P_i) (since P_i are integers? P_i can be up to 1e9, but they are integers. So P_i <= 1 means P_i = 1 gives 0, P_i = 0 gives 1, but P_i >=1 by constraints? Actually constraints: 1 ≤ V_i, P_i ≤ 10^9. So P_i >= 1. So P_i = 1 gives 1 - 1 = 0. P_i > 1 gives negative. So only boxes with P_i = 1 give zero net; boxes with P_i = 1 are break-even. But could there be boxes with P_i = 0? No, P_i >= 1. So for N < M, the maximum net is 0, because all boxes have P_i >= 1, so 1 - P_i <= 0. The only non-negative is when P_i = 1, giving 0. So answer = 0. That matches sample 2. But is it always 0? If there were boxes with P_i = 0 (not allowed), then net could be positive. So under constraints, for N < M, answer is 0. But wait, could there be a scenario where buying a box with P_i > 1 could be beneficial because it provides capacity that allows earning extra balls later? But as argued, with N < M, after buying a box, there remain zero-capacity types, so the adversary will always choose a zero-capacity type, never giving a ball to a type with capacity. So no extra balls. So net from that box is just 1 - P_i, which is negative. So not beneficial. So answer 0.

Thus, for N < M, answer = 0.

Now, for N >= M, we can cover all types. Then we have the more complex process.

So we need to solve for N >= M.

Now, the problem reduces to: Given N boxes with (V_i, P_i), and M types (M <= N), we must select exactly M boxes to use as covering (one per type), and then we have the remaining N-M boxes as potential investments. We need to compute the maximum net achievable by optimally choosing the covering set and the sequence of investments (using some of the remaining boxes, possibly all, in some order) following the heap process.

We need to compute this efficiently for up to 3e5 boxes.

Let's denote for each box i, its "capacity contribution" if used as covering or investment: a_i = V_i - 1 (the remaining capacity after the forced ball). And its cost contribution: when used, net immediate effect is 1 - P_i. However, in the covering phase, the net effect is 1 - P_i as well, but also it contributes a_i to the initial heap. In the investment phase, net effect is 1 - P_i and adds a_i to the heap.

So essentially, each box i, if used (either as covering or investment), contributes a net of (1 - P_i) to the total net, and adds a_i to the heap (as a capacity). The difference is timing: covering boxes are added at the start (before any rounds), while investment boxes are added during the process, after some rounds have already occurred.

Thus, the total net can be expressed as: Net = (sum over all used boxes of (1 - P_i)) + (total earnings from rounds). The total earnings from rounds is the sum of minima extracted over the rounds, where the heap initially contains the a_i of the covering boxes, and then we insert a_i of investment boxes as we go.

If we use a total of K boxes (K >= M), with the first M being covering (order doesn't matter for initial heap), and the remaining K-M being investments in some order, then the heap process yields a total earnings E depending on the multiset of a_i values and the order of insertions.

We need to maximize Net = (sum_{i in used} (1 - P_i)) + E.

Now, note that sum_{i in used} (1 - P_i) = (number of used boxes) - sum_{i in used} P_i.

Since number of used boxes = K.

So Net = K - sum P_i + E.

Alternatively, Net = (M - sum_{covering} P_i) + ( (K-M) - sum_{investments} P_i ) + E.

But E itself depends on the a_i values and the order.

We need to find the maximum over choices of covering set (size M) and investment set (subset of remaining, possibly all, and order) of (K - sum P_i + E).

Given that N can be up to 3e5, we need an O(N log N) solution.

Let's try to understand E more concretely.

We have a min-heap process: start with multiset A (size M) of a_i from covering. Then we perform a sequence of operations: each operation consists of extracting the minimum m, adding m to E, then optionally inserting a new a_j (from an investment box) and adding (1 - P_j) to net (but that's separate). Actually, E is the sum of extracted minima over all rounds, including the final round where we stop without inserting. The number of rounds is (number of extractions) = (number of times we remove the minimum). Initially, heap size = M. Each investment increases heap size by 1 (since we remove one and add one, so size stays M? Wait: In each round, we remove the minimum (size decreases by 1), then if we invest, we insert a new a (size increases by 1), so size returns to M. If we stop, we do not insert, so size decreases by 1 and then we stop. So the heap size remains M throughout the investment phase, until we stop. At the stop, we have one fewer element (size M-1) after removal, but we don't care.

Thus, the process maintains a heap of size M (except at the very end). The sequence of minima extracted depends on the values inserted.

This is reminiscent of the following: If we have a multiset of numbers, and we repeatedly extract the minimum and then insert a new number, the sum of extracted minima over t steps is something like the sum of the t smallest numbers in the multiset formed by the initial numbers plus the inserted numbers, but with some order dependency.

Actually, consider we have an initial multiset S0 of size M. We perform t investments (so t insertions). The process: for i=1..t, let m_i = min(S_{i-1}), then S_i = (S_{i-1} \ {m_i}) ∪ {a_{new_i}}. Then after t investments, we stop and extract one more minimum m_{t+1} = min(S_t) (and then stop). So total E = sum_{i=1}^{t+1} m_i.

We can think of this as: we start with S0. Over the course, we replace some elements with new ones. The set of elements that are ever present in the heap at some time includes the initial M elements and the t inserted elements, but some of the initial elements may be removed and never return. The extracted minima are the smallest elements at each step.

This process is similar to the following: If we sort all numbers that will ever be in the heap (initial + inserted) in non-decreasing order, the sum of minima might be related to the sum of the smallest (t+1) numbers? Not exactly, because the order of insertions matters: if we insert a large number early, it won't affect the minima until the small ones are removed. The minima are always the current smallest. So the sequence of minima is essentially the sorted order of the multiset of numbers that are ever the smallest at some point. This is akin to a "priority queue" where we push and pop.

I recall a known fact: If you have a min-heap and you perform operations: pop min, then push a new value, the sum of popped values over a sequence is equal to the sum of the smallest (number of pops) values in the multiset consisting of the initial values and the pushed values, but with the condition that you cannot pop a value before it is pushed. Actually, there is a known result: In such a process, the set of popped values is exactly the set of the smallest (number of pops) values among the union of initial and pushed values, provided that you always pop the smallest available. However, the order of pushes can affect which values are popped when, but the multiset of popped values is actually the set of the smallest (number of pops) values in the combined multiset, regardless of order, as long as you always pop the current minimum. Is that true? Let's test with a simple example.

Initial: [2,5]. Push sequence: push 1 after first pop? Actually process: start [2,5]. Pop min -> 2. Then push 1 -> heap [1,5]. Next pop min -> 1. Then push 3 -> heap [3,5]. Next pop min -> 3. So popped values: 2,1,3. Combined multiset: initial {2,5} + pushed {1,3} = {1,2,3,5}. The smallest 3 values are 1,2,3. Indeed popped values are 2,1,3 which is the same multiset {1,2,3}. Order differs but multiset matches.

Another example: initial [10,20]. Push 5 after first pop? Process: pop 10, push 5 -> heap [5,20]; pop 5, push 15 -> heap [15,20]; pop 15. Popped: 10,5,15. Combined: {10,20,5,15} -> smallest 3: 5,10,15. Yes.

What if we push a value that is larger than some initial values that haven't been popped yet? Example: initial [1,100]. Push 50 after first pop? Process: pop 1, push 50 -> heap [50,100]; pop 50, push 2 -> heap [2,100]; pop 2. Popped: 1,50,2. Combined: {1,100,50,2} -> smallest 3: 1,2,50. Popped multiset: {1,50,2} matches. Good.

What if we push a value that is smaller than some initial values that are still in heap? That's fine.

It seems plausible that the multiset of popped values is exactly the smallest (number of pops) values from the union of initial and pushed values. Because each pop removes the current minimum, and the process ensures that we always pop the smallest available element at that time. Over the whole sequence, the set of elements that get popped are precisely the smallest elements overall, because any element that is not among the smallest (number of pops) would never become the minimum before the process ends, as there are always enough smaller elements to be popped first. This is a known property: In a min-heap with a sequence of push and pop operations where each pop removes the current minimum, the multiset of popped items is the set of the smallest k items among all items ever inserted, where k is the number of pops. This holds regardless of the order of pushes, as long as we never pop before pushing the corresponding item? We need to be careful: The process starts with initial items. Then we alternate: pop, then push. The number of pops is one more than the number of pushes if we end with a pop without push. In our case, we have t pushes (investments) and t+1 pops (extractions). The total items ever in the heap = M initial + t pushed. The number of pops = t+1. The claim: the multiset of popped values is exactly the t+1 smallest values among the M+t items. Is this always true? Let's try a counterexample.

Initial: [3,4]. Push 1 after first pop? But we must pop first. So pop 3, push 1 -> heap [1,4]; pop 1, push 2 -> heap [2,4]; pop 2. Popped: 3,1,2. Combined items: {3,4,1,2} -> smallest 3: 1,2,3. Popped multiset: {3,1,2} matches.

What if we push a very small value later? It will be popped soon. Seems consistent.

Consider initial: [5,6]. Push 1 after first pop? Pop 5, push 1 -> [1,6]; pop 1, push 2 -> [2,6]; pop 2. Popped:5,1,2. Combined: {5,6,1,2} -> smallest 3:1,2,5. Yes.

What if we push a value that is larger than some initial values that are still present? That doesn't affect.

I think the property holds: In a sequence where we start with a multiset S0, and then for i=1..t we do: remove min, then insert a_i, and finally remove min once more, the multiset of removed elements is exactly the (t+1) smallest elements of the multiset S0 ∪ {a_1,...,a_t}. This can be proved by induction or by considering that at any point, the heap contains some elements, and the smallest element overall that hasn't been removed yet will eventually be removed before any larger element, because we always remove the current minimum. Since we remove exactly t+1 elements, they must be the t+1 smallest overall.

Proof sketch: Let U = S0 ∪ {a_i}. Consider the sorted order of U: u1 ≤ u2 ≤ ... ≤ u_{M+t}. We claim that the popped elements are exactly u1,...,u_{t+1}. At each step, the current minimum is the smallest element of U that hasn't been popped yet. Because all elements are present either initially or inserted at some time, and once inserted, they remain until popped. The process always pops the current minimum, which is exactly the smallest remaining element. So after t+1 pops, we have popped the t+1 smallest elements. The order may vary, but the multiset is fixed.

We need to ensure that an element cannot be popped before it is inserted. But since we pop before inserting in each cycle (except the final pop), could we pop an element that hasn't been inserted yet? No, because we only pop elements that are already in the heap. The smallest element overall might be one that will be inserted later. However, if the smallest overall is not yet inserted, then the current minimum is the smallest among those currently present, which could be larger than the smallest overall. But then later when that smallest overall is inserted, it will become the minimum and will be popped before any larger elements. So eventually, the smallest overall will be popped at some point, but could it be popped after some larger element that is currently present? Possibly, if the smallest overall is inserted late, some larger elements might be popped before it is inserted. But then those larger elements would be among the popped set, and the smallest overall would also be popped later. The total number of pops is t+1. If the smallest overall is inserted late, it might be among the popped set, but then some other element that is larger might not be popped because we only pop t+1 items. The claim that the popped set is exactly the t+1 smallest overall requires that no element that is not among the t+1 smallest gets popped, and all of the t+1 smallest get popped. Is it possible that an element among the t+1 smallest is never popped because it is inserted after we have already popped t+1 items? But we only pop t+1 items total. If an element among the t+1 smallest is inserted after we have already popped t+1 items, then it wouldn't be popped. But can that happen? The insertion schedule: we have t insertions, each after a pop (except the final pop has no insertion). So the last insertion occurs before the final pop. Specifically, after t insertions, we have performed t pops and t insertions, and then we do one final pop. So all insertions happen before the final pop. Therefore, all items are present in the heap before the final pop. The total number of items ever present is M+t. We perform t+1 pops. So after the final pop, there are (M+t) - (t+1) = M-1 items left in the heap (which we don't care about). So all items are present at some point before the final pop. The popped items are the t+1 smallest among all M+t items? Let's test a potential counterexample.

Take M=2, initial S0 = [100, 200]. t=1 (one investment). Suppose we push a very small value, say 1, after the first pop. Process: pop min -> 100, push 1 -> heap [1,200]; then final pop -> 1. Popped: 100,1. Combined items: {100,200,1}. The two smallest are 1 and 100. Popped set = {100,1} matches.

Now suppose we push a value that is not among the smallest t+1? But t+1=2, the smallest two are 1 and 100. If we push 150 instead of 1, then combined items: {100,200,150}. Smallest two: 100 and 150. Process: pop 100, push 150 -> heap [150,200]; final pop 150. Popped: 100,150. That's the smallest two. Good.

Now consider a scenario where the smallest item is inserted very late, but there are many items. For M=3, initial [10,20,30]. t=2. Push sequence: after first pop, push 1; after second pop, push 2. Process: pop 10, push 1 -> heap [1,20,30]; pop 1, push 2 -> heap [2,20,30]; final pop 2. Popped: 10,1,2. Combined items: {10,20,30,1,2}. Smallest three: 1,2,10. Popped set = {10,1,2} matches.

What if we push 1 after the second pop? But we only have two pops before final? Actually sequence: pop1, push1; pop2, push2; pop3 final. So the second push occurs after the second pop, which is before the final pop. So the smallest item 1 is inserted after the first pop, but before the final pop. It gets popped in the second pop. So it's included.

Could there be a case where an item among the smallest t+1 is inserted after the final pop? No, because final pop occurs after all insertions.

Thus, the property seems to hold: The multiset of popped values (the m_i) is exactly the set of the smallest (t+1) values among the union of initial a_i (from covering) and the a_j from investments used.

Let's prove more formally: Let U be the multiset of all a values that ever enter the heap (initial + inserted). The process always removes the current minimum. Since we remove exactly t+1 elements, and after each removal we may add new elements, but all elements of U are present at some time before the final removal. The sequence of removals is such that at each step, the removed element is the smallest among those currently present. This is exactly the process of repeatedly extracting the minimum from a dynamic set that receives insertions. It is known that the set of extracted elements is the set of the smallest |extractions| elements of U, regardless of insertion order, because any element that is not among the smallest |extractions| cannot be extracted before all smaller elements are extracted, and there are enough smaller elements to fill the extraction slots. More formally, consider the sorted U: u1 ≤ u2 ≤ ... ≤ u_{M+t}. We claim that after k extractions, the set of extracted elements is {u1,...,uk}. Induction: base k=0 trivial. Assume after k extractions, extracted = {u1,...,uk}. Then the current heap contains the remaining elements U \ {u1,...,uk}. The minimum of the current heap is therefore u_{k+1} (since all smaller have been removed). The next extraction will remove u_{k+1}. This holds regardless of when elements were inserted, as long as all elements of U are present at the start of the process or inserted before they are needed? But what if u_{k+1} has not been inserted yet at the time of the (k+1)-th extraction? Then the current minimum would be some larger element, and that larger element would be extracted instead, breaking the claim. So we need to ensure that u_{k+1} is already present in the heap at the time of the (k+1)-th extraction. Is it guaranteed by the process? In our process, insertions happen after extractions (except the final). Specifically, we have the following order: start with initial set (size M). Then for i=1 to t: extract (pop), then insert a_i. Finally, extract once more. So the extractions are at steps 1,2,...,t+1. The insertions occur after extractions 1..t. So at the time of extraction i (1 ≤ i ≤ t), the heap contains the initial set plus the insertions from previous steps (1..i-1). At the time of extraction t+1, the heap contains initial plus all t insertions.

Now, consider the sorted U. For the claim to hold, we need that for each extraction i, the i-th smallest element u_i is already present in the heap at that time. Is that always true? Not necessarily. For example, suppose M=1, initial a=100. t=1, we will insert a=1 after the first extraction. U = {100,1}. Sorted: u1=1, u2=100. Extraction 1 occurs before insertion of 1. At that time, heap contains only 100. So the minimum is 100, which is u2, not u1. So extraction 1 removes 100, which is not the smallest overall. Then we insert 1, then extraction 2 removes 1. So popped multiset = {100,1}, which is indeed the two smallest? The two smallest are 1 and 100, so multiset matches. But the order is different: we popped 100 first, then 1. The multiset of popped values is still {1,100}, which are the two smallest. So the claim that the multiset of popped values equals the set of the smallest (t+1) values still holds, even though the first popped was not the smallest overall. Because the smallest overall (1) was inserted later, but it still got popped in the second extraction. So the multiset of popped values is indeed the smallest (t+1) values, regardless of insertion timing, as long as all values are eventually inserted before the final extraction. In this example, popped values = {100,1} = {1,100}. So the claim holds.

Thus, the sum E = sum of the smallest (t+1) values among the multiset U, where U consists of the a_i of all used boxes (covering + investments). Because we have t investments, so total used boxes = M + t, and number of pops = t+1. So E = sum of the smallest (t+1) a-values among the used boxes.

Is that always true? Let's test with earlier examples. Sample 1: covering boxes a=2,2. No investments (t=0). Then U = {2,2}. t+1 = 1. Smallest 1 value = 2. E = 2. That matches m1=2. Good.

If we had one investment with a=0 (from useless box), then U = {2,2,0}. t=1, t+1=2. Smallest 2 values: 0 and 2. Sum = 2. But earlier we computed E would be m1 + m2 = 2 + 0 = 2. Yes.

If we had investment with a=5, U={2,2,5}, smallest 2 = 2+2=4? Wait, smallest 2 values are 2 and 2, sum=4. Let's simulate: initial [2,2]; pop 2, push 5 -> heap [2,5]; pop 2 -> E=2+2=4. Yes.

If we had two investments: covering a=2,2; investments a=5,1. U={2,2,5,1}. t=2, t+1=3. Smallest 3 values: 1,2,2 sum=5. Simulate: start [2,2]; pop 2, push 5 -> [2,5]; pop 2, push 1 -> [1,5]; pop 1 -> E=2+2+1=5. Yes.

So the property holds: E = sum of the smallest (t+1) a-values among all used boxes (covering + investments). Note that the number of used boxes is M + t, and we take the smallest t+1 of their a-values.

This is a crucial simplification!

Now, total net = (sum over used boxes of (1 - P_i)) + E.

Let S be the set of used boxes. Let |S| = K, where K ≥ M (since we need at least M to cover all types; but we could also use more than M? Yes, we can invest additional boxes, so K can be from M to N). For a given set S, we need to assign exactly M of them as covering? Wait, in our model, we assumed that we use exactly M boxes for covering and the rest for investments. But is it possible that we use more than M boxes as covering? Covering requires one box per type, so exactly M boxes are used to cover all types. Any additional boxes are investments. So if we use K boxes total, then M of them are covering, and K-M are investments. However, the distinction between covering and investment might affect the sum E? According to our derived formula, E depends only on the multiset of a-values of all used boxes, not on which are covering vs investment. Because the heap process starts with the a-values of the covering boxes as initial heap, and then we insert the a-values of investment boxes in some order. But we proved that E = sum of smallest (t+1) a-values among all used boxes, where t = K - M. This formula does not depend on which boxes are covering vs investment, as long as we use exactly M covering boxes (so that initial heap size is M) and the rest are inserted later. However, could we use a box as an investment even if we haven't covered all types? No, because investments only occur after covering is complete. So the set of used boxes must include exactly M covering boxes. But the formula for E as sum of smallest (t+1) a-values among all used boxes seems to hold regardless of which specific boxes are designated as covering, as long as we start with M of them in the heap initially. But is there any dependence on which M are initially in the heap? The derivation that E equals sum of smallest (t+1) a-values relied on the process where we start with M initial values and then insert the remaining t values in some order. The result that the popped multiset is the smallest (t+1) values among the union holds regardless of which values are initially present and which are inserted later, as long as all values are eventually present and we pop t+1 times. However, we must ensure that the number of initial values is exactly M. If we designate a different subset as initial, does the result still hold? Yes, because the union is the same set S, and the process always pops the smallest available. The only potential issue is if some of the smallest (t+1) values are among the initial set, they could be popped early; if they are among the investment set, they will be inserted later but still be popped before the final pop, as long as they are among the smallest (t+1). The proof that the popped multiset equals the smallest (t+1) values does not depend on which are initial; it only depends on the fact that we pop t+1 times and all values are present at some point before the final pop. Since all values are present by the time of the final pop (investments are inserted before final pop), the set of popped values will be exactly the smallest (t+1) values. This holds regardless of which are initial. So E depends only on the multiset S (the a-values of all used boxes) and on t = |S| - M. Specifically, E = sum of the smallest (|S| - M + 1) a-values in S.

Let's verify with an example where covering set is not the M largest a-values. Suppose M=2, boxes: a values: covering: 1 and 100; investments: a=2. So S = {1,100,2}. t=1. Smallest t+1=2 values: 1 and 2, sum=3. Simulate: initial heap [1,100]; pop 1, push 2 -> heap [2,100]; pop 2 -> E=1+2=3. Yes.

If we had chosen covering as {2,100} and investment as {1}, then S same, E same. So indeed E only depends on S.

Thus, the total net for using a set S of boxes (with |S| >= M) is:

Net(S) = sum_{i in S} (1 - P_i) + sum of the smallest (|S| - M + 1) a_i in S.

Where a_i = V_i - 1.

We must also consider the possibility that we might not use all boxes; we can choose any subset S with |S| >= M (since we need at least M to cover all types). Also, we could choose to stop before covering all types, i.e., use fewer than M boxes. In that case, the game ends during the covering phase, and net = sum_{i in S} (1 - P_i) (since no earnings beyond the forced balls). Because if |S| < M, we never reach the earning phase; the adversary always forces purchases until we run out of boxes or decide to end. But we could also end voluntarily earlier. The maximum net in that case is max(0, max_{S, |S|<M} sum_{i in S} (1 - P_i)). Since P_i >= 1, 1-P_i <= 0, so the maximum is 0 (by taking S empty). However, if there were boxes with P_i < 1 (not possible), could be positive. But under constraints, it's 0. So for N >= M, we will likely use at least M boxes, because using fewer yields net <= 0, while using M might yield positive net (as in sample 1). So we can focus on |S| >= M.

But wait, could using more than M boxes yield higher net even if some boxes have negative (1-P_i)? Possibly, because they add a_i which may increase E (the sum of smallest (|S|-M+1) a_i). Adding a box with large a_i might increase E if it becomes one of the smallest? Actually, adding a box increases |S|, which increases the number of smallest values we sum (t+1 = |S|-M+1). So we sum more a_i's. Also, the new a_i might be large and not be among the smallest, so it might not contribute to E, but it adds (1-P_i) which could be negative. So we need to choose S optimally.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Given N items, each with two numbers: a_i = V_i - 1 (non-negative integer, since V_i >= 1, so a_i >= 0) and b_i = 1 - P_i (which is ≤ 0 because P_i ≥ 1, so b_i ≤ 0). Actually, P_i can be 1, then b_i=0; P_i>1 => b_i negative. So b_i are non-positive. We need to select a subset S with |S| >= M to maximize:

F(S) = sum_{i in S} b_i + sum of the smallest (|S| - M + 1) a_i in S.

Note that b_i = 1 - P_i, which is ≤ 0. So the first term is non-positive (or zero). The second term is non-negative (since a_i >= 0). So the net could be positive if the a_i sum outweighs the costs.

We need to compute max_{S ⊆ [N], |S| ≥ M} F(S).

Additionally, we must consider that we might also have the option to use exactly M boxes and then stop immediately after covering, which corresponds to t=0, so E = sum of smallest 1 a_i in S (i.e., the minimum a among S). That's included in the formula with |S|=M => |S|-M+1 = 1, so E = min a_i in S. So F(S) = sum b_i + min a_i.

For sample 1: boxes: a=2, b=0 for both good boxes (since P=1 => b=0). Also the useless box: a=0, b=1-1e9 = -999999999. For S = {B,C}, |S|=2=M, F = sum b = 0 + min a = 2 => 2. That matches.

If we consider S = {B,C,A}, |S|=3, then |S|-M+1 = 2. Sum b = 0+0+(-999999999) = -999999999. The two smallest a among {2,2,0} are 0 and 2, sum = 2. So F = -999999999 + 2 = -999999997, worse.

So optimal is S of size M.

Now sample 3: We'll test later.

Thus, the problem reduces to a combinatorial optimization over subsets.

Now we need to compute max_{S, |S|≥M} F(S) efficiently.

Let's denote for a given size k = |S| (k ≥ M), we need to choose k items to maximize F(S). Since b_i are non-positive, we likely want to avoid items with very negative b_i unless they have large a_i that can contribute to the sum of smallest (k-M+1) a_i.

Note that the second term depends on the smallest (k-M+1) a_i in S. So if we include an item with very small a_i, it will likely be among the smallest and thus increase the sum (since we sum the smallest). Actually, summing the smallest values: including a very small a_i (like 0) will increase the sum because we add that small value? Wait, we sum the smallest (k-M+1) a_i. If we include a very small a_i, it will be among the smallest, so it will be included in the sum, but its value is small, so it contributes little. However, it might displace a larger a_i from being among the smallest? Since we sum the smallest, including an extra small a_i increases the count of smallest values we sum (since k increases, the number of smallest values we sum also increases). But the new small a_i itself is added to the sum, and also we now sum one more a_i (the (k-M+1)-th smallest) which might be larger than before. So the effect on the sum of smallest is not trivial.

We need to find the optimal subset.

Let's formalize.

We have items i with (a_i, b_i). For a subset S of size k, define:

F(S) = B(S) + A_{sel}(S), where B(S) = sum_{i∈S} b_i, and A_{sel}(S) = sum of the smallest L a_i in S, with L = k - M + 1.

Note that L ≥ 1 (since k ≥ M). As k increases, L increases by 1 for each additional item beyond M.

We can think of selecting S and then selecting a subset T of S of size L consisting of the items with the smallest a_i in S. Then A_{sel}(S) = sum_{i∈T} a_i. And B(S) includes all items in S, including those in T.

Thus, F(S) = sum_{i∈S} b_i + sum_{i∈T} a_i, where T is the set of L smallest a in S.

We can rewrite as: F(S) = sum_{i∈S} (b_i + [i∈T] a_i). But T depends on S.

Alternatively, we can think of selecting a set S and then "paying" b_i for each item, and additionally gaining a_i for the L items with smallest a.

This resembles a problem where we want to choose items, and we get a bonus a_i for some items based on their a_i rank.

We can attempt to decide the size k and then choose which items to include.

Since N up to 3e5, we need O(N log N) or similar.

We can try to transform the objective.

Let’s sort items by a_i ascending. Suppose we sort all items by a_i. Let the sorted order be a_1 ≤ a_2 ≤ ... ≤ a_N, with corresponding b_i.

If we select a set S, the L smallest a_i in S will be some prefix of the sorted list intersected with S, but not necessarily contiguous because S may skip some items. However, if we sort by a, the L smallest in S will be the first L items in the sorted order that belong to S.

Thus, if we decide on a threshold, we might consider including items with small a_i to be part of T, and items with larger a_i to be in S\T.

Let’s denote that we will select exactly L items to be in T (the ones that contribute their a_i), and possibly additional items (k - L) that are not in T (they only contribute b_i). Note that k = |S|, and L = k - M + 1, so k = L + M - 1. Thus, the total number of items selected is L + M - 1. Among them, L items are "small-a" items that also contribute a_i, and the remaining M - 1 items are "large-a" items that only contribute b_i (since they are not among the L smallest a in S). Wait, is it guaranteed that the L smallest are exactly the L items with smallest a in S, and the rest (M-1 items) have larger a? Since total size is L + M - 1, and we take L smallest, the remaining M-1 items are the larger a's. So indeed, the set S can be partitioned into two parts: T (size L) consisting of items with the smallest a in S, and U (size M-1) consisting of the remaining items with larger a.

Then F(S) = sum_{i∈T} (b_i + a_i) + sum_{i∈U} b_i.

Because items in T contribute both b_i and a_i; items in U contribute only b_i.

Now, note that L can vary from 1 to N - M + 1 (since k can be up to N). Also, M-1 could be zero if M=1? But M≥1. If M=1, then U size = 0, and L = k (since k - 1 + 1 = k). Then F(S) = sum_{i∈S} (b_i + a_i). That matches the earlier M=1 case: net = sum (1 - P_i + V_i - 1) = sum (V_i - P_i). Indeed, for M=1, our formula gives F(S) = sum (b_i + a_i) = sum (1-P_i + V_i-1) = sum (V_i - P_i). And we can choose any subset S (since |S|≥1). The maximum is sum of positive (V_i-P_i). That matches our earlier reasoning for M=1. Good.

For M>1, we have this partition.

Thus, the problem becomes: Choose integers L ≥ 1 (since k ≥ M, so L = k-M+1 ≥ 1) and choose a set T of size L and a set U of size M-1, disjoint, to maximize:

F = sum_{i∈T} (b_i + a_i) + sum_{i∈U} b_i.

But note that T must consist of items with the smallest a among S = T ∪ U. That imposes that all items in U must have a_i ≥ max_{i∈T} a_i (i.e., the largest a in T is ≤ the smallest a in U). Because T are the L smallest. So we have an ordering constraint: if we sort items by a, then T must be a subset of the first some items, and U must be a subset of items with a larger than those in T, and there should be no item in U with a smaller than some item in T.

Thus, the selection must respect the sorted order by a: we can pick a cutoff index such that all items in T come from the left part (small a) and all items in U come from the right part (larger a). Moreover, T must be exactly L items from the left part, and U must be exactly M-1 items from the right part, with the condition that the maximum a in T is less than or equal to the minimum a in U (if there are ties, careful). Since a_i can be equal, we need to handle ties. If there are equal a values, the partition into T and U must be such that the L smallest are exactly T. This means that if there are items with a equal to the threshold, we might need to decide which ones go to T and which to U to satisfy the count. Essentially, if we sort by a, we can choose a pivot value such that we take some number of items with a ≤ x as T, and the rest as U, ensuring that |T| = L and |U| = M-1, and that all items in U have a ≥ the a of items in T. This is equivalent to: after sorting by a, we pick a prefix of length L to be T (but not necessarily contiguous? Actually, to have T be the L smallest, T must consist of the L items with smallest a. If we sort, the L smallest are uniquely determined as the first L items in the sorted list, provided we break ties arbitrarily but consistently. However, if there are ties at the boundary, there could be multiple sets of L items that are the L smallest (since items with equal a can be swapped). But any set of L items that are among the smallest L positions in sorted order (i.e., all have a ≤ the (L)th smallest a) and includes exactly L items will have the property that its maximum a is ≤ the (L)th smallest a. The remaining items (U) will have a ≥ that threshold. So we can assume without loss of generality that we sort items by a, and then we choose a cutoff index p such that we take the first L items as T? But we might not want to take the very first L items if some of them have very negative b_i + a_i? However, T must consist of the L smallest a in S. If we decide to include an item with relatively large a in T, that would force us to exclude some smaller a item from S, because T must be the smallest. So to maximize F, we would likely want T to consist of items with small a, because they contribute a_i (which is small) but also b_i + a_i. Actually, b_i + a_i = (1-P_i) + (V_i-1) = V_i - P_i. So interestingly, b_i + a_i = V_i - P_i. That's a key simplification!

Check: b_i = 1 - P_i, a_i = V_i - 1, so b_i + a_i = (1-P_i)+(V_i-1) = V_i - P_i. Yes!

And b_i alone = 1 - P_i.

So F = sum_{i∈T} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈U} (1 - P_i).

Thus, the objective becomes:

F(S) = sum_{i∈T} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈U} (1 - P_i),

where S = T ∪ U, |T| = L, |U| = M-1, and all items in T have a_i ≤ all items in U (i.e., the L smallest a in S are exactly T). Also, total |S| = L + M - 1, with L ≥ 1.

We can also express L = |S| - M + 1, so |S| = L + M - 1.

Now, note that V_i - P_i could be positive or negative. 1 - P_i is ≤ 0 (since P_i ≥ 1). So items in U only contribute a non-positive amount (unless P_i=1 gives 0). Items in T contribute V_i - P_i, which could be positive if V_i > P_i.

Thus, to maximize F, we would like to include in T items with high (V_i - P_i), and include in U items with high (1 - P_i) (i.e., less negative), which means items with small P_i (ideally P_i=1 gives 0). Also, the constraint that T consists of the L smallest a_i in S. Since a_i = V_i - 1, small a_i means small V_i. So T must consist of items with relatively small capacities (V_i). That's interesting: the items that contribute their full V_i - P_i are those with small V_i (since they are among the smallest a). Meanwhile, items with large V_i (large a) can only be placed in U, where they only contribute 1 - P_i (which is likely negative unless P_i=1). So there is a trade-off: a box with large V_i might have a high V_i - P_i, but if its a_i is large, it cannot be in T unless we make L large enough to include it among the smallest a, but that would require including even smaller a items as well, and also increasing L (which increases the number of items in T and decreases the number in U? Actually, increasing L means we include more items in T, and U size remains M-1? Wait, U size is fixed at M-1? From |S| = L + M - 1, U size = M-1 is constant regardless of L? Let's check: |U| = |S| - |T| = (L+M-1) - L = M-1. Yes! That's a crucial observation: U always has size M-1, independent of L. Because total size = L + (M-1). So as we vary L (i.e., as we include more boxes beyond the minimum M), the number of items in U stays constant at M-1, while the number in T increases. The extra boxes beyond the first M all go into T (since U is fixed size). Indeed, if we start with exactly M boxes (L=1, U size = M-1), then T has 1 item (the smallest a), and U has M-1 items (the larger a). If we add an extra box, L becomes 2, U still M-1, total size M+1. The new box must be in T (since T size increases by 1), and it must be among the smallest a in the new set, which may require that its a is small enough to be among the two smallest. So adding a box with a very large a would not be allowed because then it would not be among the smallest L; it would end up in U, but U size is fixed at M-1, so if we add a box with large a, to keep U size M-1, we would have to move one of the previous U items into T? But that would change the composition. Let's think carefully.

We have a set S. We partition into T (L smallest a) and U (the rest). |U| = |S| - L. But we also have the relation |S| = L + M - 1, so |U| = (L+M-1) - L = M-1. So indeed, regardless of L, the number of items in U is always M-1. That means that as we add more items to S, they must go into T (since U size is fixed). Therefore, any additional box beyond the first M must have a small enough a to be among the L smallest, where L increases. So if we add a box with a very large a, it would not be among the smallest L, so it would end up in U, but U is already full (size M-1). To accommodate it, we would have to move some item from U to T, but that would change which items are in T and U. However, the partition is defined by the order: T are the L smallest. So if we add a box with a large a, it will not be among the L smallest, so it will be in U. But then U would have size M (since we added one item to U), which would make |U| = M, contradicting the relation |U| = M-1? Wait, the relation |U| = M-1 came from |S| = L + M - 1 and |T| = L. If we add an item, both |S| and L increase by 1? Actually, when we add an item, we can choose to increase L by 1 (since L = |S| - M + 1). So if we add an item, |S| increases by 1, then L increases by 1 as well (since M fixed). So the new L = old L + 1. Then |U| = |S| - L = (old|S|+1) - (old L+1) = old|S| - old L = old |U|. So |U| remains constant. Therefore, when we add a new item, it must become part of T (the new L smallest), and one of the previous items that was in T might move to U? Let's simulate.

Suppose we have current set S with partition T (size L) and U (size M-1). We add a new item x. The new set S' = S ∪ {x}. The new L' = |S'| - M + 1 = (|S|+1) - M + 1 = L+1. So we need to select the L' smallest a in S' as T'. Since we added x, the new T' will consist of the L' smallest. This could include x if its a is small enough, and it will exclude the previous largest a in T (the L-th smallest) if x is smaller than that, or if x is larger, then T' might be the same as T plus x? But if x is larger than all items in T, then the L' smallest would be T plus the smallest item from U? Because we need L' items, and T had L items, all smaller than items in U. If x is larger than all in T but smaller than some in U, then the L' smallest would be T plus x (since x is smaller than those in U). That would make T' = T ∪ {x}, and U' = U (since we took one more from the small side). Then |U'| = |U| = M-1. If x is larger than all items in U as well, then the L' smallest would be T plus the smallest item from U (since we need one more). That would move one item from U to T, and x would go to U. So in that case, x ends up in U, and one item from U moves to T. So the composition changes.

Thus, adding a box with large a may cause it to end up in U, but then some item from U moves to T, keeping U size constant. So the effect on F can be computed.

Given the complexity, we need a systematic way to compute max F.

Since we have derived F = sum_{i∈T} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈U} (1 - P_i), with |U| = M-1, and T and U partition S with T being the L smallest a, L = |S| - M + 1.

We can think of selecting a set S, but perhaps we can think in terms of selecting the M-1 items that will be in U (the larger a items), and then the rest of the items (with smaller a) will be in T. Because U consists of the M-1 items with the largest a in S? Not necessarily largest, but since T are the smallest L, U are the remaining, which are the larger a. So U are the items with the largest a in S, but there are exactly M-1 of them. So S is determined by choosing a set U of size M-1 (which will be the "large a" group), and then choosing any number of additional items (with a smaller than or equal to the minimum a in U) to be in T. However, we must ensure that all items in T have a ≤ min a in U (to maintain that T are the smallest). If we include an item with a greater than some item in U, then that item would belong to U instead, violating the partition. So effectively, we need to choose a threshold value such that we pick some items with a ≤ threshold to be in T, and exactly M-1 items with a ≥ threshold to be in U, with the condition that the (M-1) items in U are the ones with the largest a among S.

Alternatively, we can sort items by a. Then the selection S corresponds to choosing a contiguous segment? Let's sort items by a ascending. Suppose we decide on a cutoff index r such that we take the first r items as candidates for T, and from the remaining items (indices > r) we choose exactly M-1 items to be U. However, we might also include some items from the first r in U? No, because U must consist of items with larger a, so they should come from after r. But we could also include some items from the first r in U if we skip some smaller a items? That would break the condition that T are the smallest. If we skip a small a item (i.e., not include it in S), then the smallest a in S might be larger. So we have flexibility to omit some small a items. So the set S does not need to include all items with small a; we can choose which items to include.

Thus, after sorting by a, we can think of selecting a subset S. The condition that T are the L smallest a in S means that if we look at the sorted list, S will consist of some items from the beginning (maybe not all) and some from later. But the L smallest will be the first L items in S when S is sorted. To ensure that these L items are indeed the smallest, there must be no item in S with a smaller than the largest a in T that is not in T. That is automatically true if we define T as the L smallest.

So we can approach the optimization by considering that we will select a set U of size M-1 (these will be the items with the largest a in S). Then the rest of S (T) will be any items with a less than or equal to the minimum a in U (or strictly less if we want to avoid ties). However, we could also include items with a equal to the min a of U; then the partition between T and U for those equal a needs to be decided such that |U|=M-1. If there are ties, we can allocate some of the equal-a items to U and some to T as long as the counts match and the condition that T are the smallest holds (i.e., all items in T have a ≤ all items in U). If there are equal a, we can assign some to U and some to T, but then the ones in T would have a equal to those in U, which is allowed because "smallest" can include ties; the set of L smallest could include some items with a equal to the threshold, and the remaining equal-a items could be in U. That's fine as long as we respect that T has size L and U has size M-1.

Thus, a convenient way is to sort items by a, and then consider that we will choose a prefix of items (maybe not all) to be in T, and a suffix of items to be in U, with possibly a middle group of items with equal a that can be split between T and U. But since we can choose any subset, we can treat each item independently.

We need to maximize F = sum_{i∈T} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈U} (1 - P_i).

Let’s denote for each item i, we have two possible contributions depending on whether it ends up in T or U: if in T, contribution = V_i - P_i; if in U, contribution = 1 - P_i. Note that V_i - P_i could be larger or smaller than 1 - P_i. Since V_i ≥ 1, V_i - P_i = (1 - P_i) + (V_i - 1) = (1 - P_i) + a_i. So the difference between being in T vs U is a_i. So putting an item in T gives an extra a_i compared to putting it in U. So we would like to put items with large a_i into T, because that gives extra a_i. However, the constraint is that T must consist of the items with the smallest a_i in S. That seems contradictory: we want large a_i in T, but T must have small a_i. So there is a tension: to get the extra a_i, we need to put an item in T, but T is reserved for items with relatively small a_i. So we cannot put a large a_i item into T unless we also include enough even smaller a_i items to keep T as the smallest? Actually, if we put a large a_i item into T, then for T to be the L smallest, all items in U must have a_i ≥ that large a_i. That means we would have to put items with even larger a_i into U, but U size is fixed at M-1. So we could potentially put a large a_i item into T if we also put even larger a_i items into U. But then the large a_i item is not among the smallest if there are smaller items not in S? Wait, T are the L smallest in S. If we include a large a_i item in S and also include some smaller a_i items, then the large a_i item will not be among the smallest L if L is less than the number of smaller items. To have a large a_i item be in T, we must ensure that there are at most L-1 items in S with a_i smaller than it. That means we must omit many small a_i items from S. So we can choose to exclude small a_i items to allow larger a_i items to be in T. This could be beneficial if those larger a_i items have high V_i - P_i (i.e., high net value) and the small a_i items we exclude have low contribution (maybe negative). So the optimization involves deciding which items to include and whether they end up in T or U.

Given the expression F = sum_{i∈T} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈U} (1 - P_i), and the constraint that |U| = M-1, and that all items in T have a_i ≤ all items in U (i.e., max a in T ≤ min a in U). This is reminiscent of selecting a threshold value t such that items with a_i ≤ t can be in T, and items with a_i ≥ t can be in U, with exactly M-1 items in U. But we can also choose to not include some items.

We can think of it as: We need to pick exactly M-1 items to be in U. These will be the items with the largest a among the selected set. The remaining selected items (any number) will be in T, and they must all have a ≤ the smallest a among the U items. So if we sort items by a, we can decide on a cutoff index where we take some items from the left for T, and exactly M-1 items from the right for U, possibly skipping some in the middle.

Let's sort items by a ascending. Let the sorted list be items 1..N with a_1 ≤ a_2 ≤ ... ≤ a_N.

Suppose we decide that the U set will consist of some M-1 items from the right part. Let the smallest a in U be a_{u_min}. Then all items in T must have a ≤ a_{u_min}. Also, we can choose any number of items from those with a ≤ a_{u_min} to be in T (including possibly none? But L must be at least 1, so T non-empty). Also, we could also include items with a = a_{u_min} in T as long as we don't exceed the count that would make U have less than M-1 items with a ≥ that threshold. Since we need exactly M-1 items in U, and they must be the ones with largest a, we can define a threshold value t such that we take all items with a < t into T (maybe optionally some with a = t), and take exactly M-1 items with a ≥ t into U, with the condition that among items with a = t, we allocate enough to U to reach M-1.

This is similar to selecting a "pivot" a value, and then deciding how many items with that a go to U.

We can attempt to compute the maximum F by considering each possible item as the "boundary" between T and U. Since N is large, we need an efficient method.

Another approach: Since F = sum_{i∈S} (1 - P_i) + sum_{i∈T} a_i, and sum_{i∈S} (1-P_i) = B(S), and sum_{i∈T} a_i = A_sel. But we already transformed to V_i - P_i and 1-P_i.

Maybe we can think in terms of "each item i has two possible roles: if it is among the L smallest, it contributes V_i - P_i; otherwise, it contributes 1 - P_i." And L = |S| - M + 1.

We can try to decide the size k = |S|, and then the problem becomes: choose k items to maximize sum_{i∈S} (1-P_i) + sum of the smallest (k-M+1) a_i in S. This is a kind of "selection with penalty" problem.

We can attempt to compute for each possible k the maximum value, then take max over k ≥ M.

For a fixed k, we need to select k items to maximize G(S) = sum_{i∈S} (1-P_i) + sum of smallest L a_i in S, where L = k-M+1.

This is reminiscent of a problem where we can sort items by a_i and then decide a prefix to take as the L smallest, and the remaining k-L items as the larger a. However, the sum of (1-P_i) for all selected items includes both groups.

Let’s denote we select a set S. Sort S by a. Let the sorted a values be s_1 ≤ s_2 ≤ ... ≤ s_k. Then G = sum_{i=1}^k (1-P_{s_i}) + sum_{i=1}^L s_i.

We can rewrite as G = sum_{i=1}^k (1-P_{s_i}) + sum_{i=1}^L s_i = sum_{i=1}^L (1-P_{s_i} + s_i) + sum_{i=L+1}^k (1-P_{s_i}) = sum_{i=1}^L (V_{s_i} - P_{s_i}) + sum_{i=L+1}^k (1-P_{s_i}).

This matches our earlier partition with T = first L items (smallest a) and U = remaining k-L items. Note that k-L = (L+M-1) - L = M-1, consistent.

So for fixed k, we need to choose k items and an ordering (by a) such that the first L (smallest a) contribute V_i-P_i, and the last M-1 contribute 1-P_i. The items in the middle (if any) are exactly the first L and last M-1, total k = L + M - 1, so there is no middle; it's exactly two groups: L smallest and M-1 largest.

Thus, for fixed k, L = k - M + 1 is fixed. So we need to choose L items to be the "small a" group (which will contribute V_i-P_i) and M-1 items to be the "large a" group (contributing 1-P_i), with the constraint that all items in the small group have a_i ≤ all items in the large group. That is, the maximum a in the small group ≤ minimum a in the large group.

So the problem reduces to: choose a partition of the selected items into two groups: group A (size L) and group B (size M-1), with max a in A ≤ min a in B, to maximize sum_{i∈A} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈B} (1 - P_i).

We can also allow that some items may have equal a, in which case the condition is max a in A ≤ min a in B, which can be satisfied even if equal, by appropriate assignment.

Now, note that L can vary from 1 to N - M + 1 (since k can be up to N). So we need to consider all possible L.

This is reminiscent of selecting a "cut" in the sorted a list: we choose a threshold index such that we take some items from the left for A and some from the right for B, with the possibility of skipping some items in the middle (those with a between the max of A and min of B) because if we skip them, the condition still holds. Actually, if we skip items, that's fine; we just don't select them. So we can select any L items from the left part (with a ≤ some value) and any M-1 items from the right part (with a ≥ some value), with the condition that the left part's a are all ≤ the right part's a. This is equivalent to choosing a pivot value t, and then selecting A from items with a ≤ t, and B from items with a ≥ t, with the additional constraint that |A| = L, |B| = M-1. We can also select items with a = t split between A and B as needed.

Thus, for a given L, we want to maximize sum_{i∈A} (V_i - P_i) + sum_{i∈B} (1 - P_i) subject to |A|=L, |B|=M-1, and max a in A ≤ min a in B.

We can think of sorting items by a. Then we can consider a cutoff point p (0 ≤ p ≤ N) such that we take A from the first p items (maybe not all), and B from the last N-p items. But we might also take some items from the first p for B? No, because B must have a ≥ threshold, so they should come from after p. However, if there are ties at the boundary, we could take some of the items with a = a_p from the first p into B, but then they would have a equal to some in A, which is allowed if max a in A ≤ min a in B. If we take some items with a = a_p into B, then the min a in B could be a_p, and max a in A could also be a_p, satisfying the condition. So we can allow items with a = a_p to be allocated to either group, as long as the counts match.

Thus, a systematic way: sort items by a. Then for each possible split point where we decide that all items with a < a_mid go to A (or can be chosen), and items with a > a_mid go to B, and items with a = a_mid can be split.

We can treat each item independently with two possible contributions depending on whether it ends up in A or B. The constraint is that there exists a threshold t such that all items in A have a ≤ t and all items in B have a ≥ t. This is equivalent to saying that if we sort items, the set A must be a subset of the first some items, and B a subset of the last some items, with no overlap and with A entirely before B in the sorted order (allowing equality at the boundary).

Thus, we can think of choosing an index r (0 ≤ r ≤ N) such that we will select A only from indices 1..r, and B only from indices r+1..N, with the possibility that some items with a equal to a_r might be in B if we set r appropriately? Actually, if we set r as the number of items with a < t, then items with a = t can be on either side. To handle ties, we can consider that we sort by a, and for each distinct a value, we can decide how many of those items go to A and how many to B. The condition is that all items with a less than some value go to A, all with a greater go to B, and items with the threshold value can be split.

Therefore, we can process distinct a values in increasing order, and decide how many of the items at that a value to assign to A (up to the total count at that a), and the rest to B, with the constraint that total |A| = L and |B| = M-1.

For a given L, we want to maximize the sum. This becomes a selection problem: we need to pick L items to be in A (contributing V_i-P_i) and M-1 items to be in B (contributing 1-P_i), with the ordering constraint.

We can think of it as: we will choose a threshold a* such that we take all items with a < a* into A (since they are small and likely beneficial to be in A because they give extra a_i), and we take all items with a > a* into B (since they are large and would be forced into B anyway if we include them, because if we put them in A they would violate the ordering unless we omit smaller items). But we might also skip some items.

Actually, to maximize the sum, we would like to include items with high (V_i-P_i) in A, and items with high (1-P_i) in B. However, the ordering constraint forces that items in A must have a not larger than items in B. So if an item has a very high a but also high V_i-P_i, we might want to put it in A, but then we must ensure that all items in B have a ≥ that high a, which may force us to include only items with even higher a in B, which might have low (1-P_i). Or we could omit some items with intermediate a to maintain the ordering.

This is similar to selecting two sets from opposite ends of the sorted a list.

We can approach by considering that we will select A from the left side (small a) and B from the right side (large a). Because if we select an item with large a into A, then we cannot select any item with smaller a into B (since B must have a ≥ max a in A). But we could still select items with smaller a into A? Actually, if we select a large a item into A, then any item with smaller a could still be in A (since A can have mixed a, as long as max a in A is that large value). But then B must have a ≥ that large value, so B can only contain items with a at least that large. That means we would be excluding all items with a between the smallest a in B and that large a from being in B, but they could be in A if we want. However, if we include a large a in A, we might also include some smaller a in A, that's fine. The constraint is only that all items in B have a ≥ max a in A. So B must be chosen from items with a ≥ max a in A. So effectively, if we let x = max a in A, then A ⊆ {i | a_i ≤ x}, and B ⊆ {i | a_i ≥ x}. And we need |A| = L, |B| = M-1.

Thus, for a given threshold x (which could be one of the a_i values), we can consider taking A from items with a_i ≤ x, and B from items with a_i ≥ x. We can also choose to not include some items with a_i ≤ x in A (they could be omitted entirely), and similarly for B. But to maximize the sum, we would want to include the best items in each group from those pools.

So for a given x, the maximum achievable sum for fixed L would be: take the L items with the largest (V_i-P_i) among those with a_i ≤ x (since we want high contribution in A), and take the M-1 items with the largest (1-P_i) among those with a_i ≥ x (since we want high contribution in B). However, we must also consider that items with a_i = x can be allocated to either group, so we need to handle the boundary carefully.

But L is not fixed; we can choose L as part of the optimization (since k varies). So we need to maximize over L and over threshold x (or equivalently over the composition).

We can attempt to compute the overall maximum by considering that the optimal solution will have a specific threshold where we take some number of items from the left as A and some from the right as B. This suggests we can sort items by a, and then consider a split point where we take a prefix of size p as candidates for A, and a suffix of size q as candidates for B, with p ≥ L and q ≥ M-1, and then select the best L from the prefix and best M-1 from the suffix. However, we also have the freedom to skip items in the prefix or suffix.

But perhaps we can transform the problem into a simpler form using the fact that b_i = 1-P_i ≤ 0, and V_i-P_i could be positive. Since we want to maximize, we would likely include items with V_i-P_i > 0 in A, and items with 1-P_i > 0 (i.e., P_i < 1) are impossible, so 1-P_i ≤ 0. Thus, items in B contribute non-positive, so we would prefer to have as few items in B as possible, but we must have exactly M-1 items in B. So we need to choose M-1 items to be in B, and we want those to have the least negative (1-P_i), i.e., the largest (1-P_i) (which is closest to zero, meaning smallest P_i). Since P_i ≥ 1, the best is P_i = 1 giving 0. So we would like B to consist of items with P_i = 1 if possible, or with small P_i.

Meanwhile, for A, we want items with high V_i-P_i. Also, A items must have a_i ≤ the a_i of B items. So we would like to choose B items with relatively large a_i (so that we can include more items with high V_i-P_i but possibly large a_i in A? Wait, if B items have large a_i, then the threshold x = min a in B is large, which allows A to include items with a_i up to that large value. That could allow us to include items with large a_i (which might have high V_i-P_i) into A. So we might want B to consist of items with large a_i, because that raises the threshold, allowing A to include items with larger a_i. However, B items themselves contribute 1-P_i, which is negative or zero. So we need to balance: choosing B with large a_i might force us to include items with very negative 1-P_i if those are the only ones with large a_i. But maybe we can choose B from items with large a_i but also with P_i=1 (so contribution 0). If such items exist, that's ideal. If not, we might have to accept some negative contribution from B.

Thus, the optimization involves selecting M-1 items to serve as the "large a" group B, and then selecting L items (any number) from the remaining items with a ≤ min a in B to be in A, where L can be any number (including 0? but L≥1 because k≥M, so L≥1). Actually, L = |A|, and total items = |A| + |B| = L + M - 1. So L can be from 1 up to N - (M-1). So we can choose many items in A.

Given that items in A contribute V_i-P_i, which could be positive, we would like to include as many positive V_i-P_i items as possible, as long as they satisfy a_i ≤ min a in B. Also, we might include items with negative V_i-P_i in A if they help to increase L? But including a negative contribution would reduce the sum, so we wouldn't include them unless they enable something else? Since L is not constrained from above except by availability, we can choose any number of items in A. There's no requirement to have a specific L; we can choose L arbitrarily (by selecting more items). So we would include an item in A only if its contribution V_i-P_i is positive (or at least non-negative). Because including an item with negative V_i-P_i would decrease the total, and there's no benefit since L is free. However, could including a negative V_i-P_i item allow us to have a larger L, which might affect something else? The total F does not depend on L directly except through the contributions of items. There's no additional term that depends on L. So we can choose any subset of items to be in A, as long as they satisfy a_i ≤ min a in B. We would include all items with V_i-P_i > 0 that satisfy that condition, because they increase F. For items with V_i-P_i = 0, including them doesn't change F, so we can include or exclude; doesn't matter. For items with V_i-P_i < 0, we would exclude them.

Thus, for a given choice of B (set of M-1 items), the optimal A is: all items i not in B such that a_i ≤ min_{j∈B} a_j and V_i - P_i > 0 (or ≥ 0). Actually, we might also include items with V_i-P_i = 0, but they don't affect F. So the maximum F for that B is:

F(B) = sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i) + sum_{i∉B, a_i ≤ min_a_B, V_i-P_i > 0} (V_i-P_i).

But wait, we also have the possibility to include items with a_i ≤ min_a_B but V_i-P_i negative? No, we wouldn't include them.

Also, note that items in B themselves might have V_i-P_i positive, but they are forced to contribute only 1-P_i, which is worse. So we might prefer to put such items in A if possible, but they are in B because they have large a_i and we need M-1 items with large a_i to serve as B. However, if an item has large a_i but also high V_i-P_i, we might want to include it in A instead, but then we would need to find another item with even larger a_i to be in B to keep the threshold high. So the selection of B is crucial.

Thus, the problem becomes: choose a set B of size M-1 (these will be the "large a" items) to maximize:

F(B) = sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i) + sum_{i∉B, a_i ≤ min_{j∈B} a_j, V_i-P_i > 0} (V_i-P_i).

We also need to ensure that there is at least one item in A? Actually, L = |A| could be zero? But k = |A|+|B| must be ≥ M, so |A| ≥ 1 because |B| = M-1, so |A| ≥ 1. However, if there are no items with a_i ≤ min_a_B and V_i-P_i > 0, we could still include an item with V_i-P_i = 0 or even negative to satisfy |A|≥1? But we could also choose to have |A| = 0 by not covering all types? But we assumed we are in the regime where we cover all types, so we need at least M boxes total, which means |A| ≥ 1. If there is no item with positive V_i-P_i that satisfies a_i ≤ min_a_B, we might still include an item with V_i-P_i = 0 (if exists) to reach |A|≥1 without hurting F. If no such item exists, we might have to include a negative one, which would reduce F. But perhaps we could choose a different B that allows some positive A items.

Also, note that the items in B themselves might have a_i that are not the absolute largest; we just need that all items in A have a_i ≤ min a in B. So if we choose B with a very small min a, then the condition a_i ≤ min_a_B is restrictive, allowing fewer items in A. So we likely want B to have as large min a as possible, to allow more items (especially those with large a_i but positive V_i-P_i) to be included in A. However, B items themselves contribute 1-P_i, which is typically negative or zero, so we want B items to have as high (1-P_i) as possible (i.e., small P_i). Also, we want min a in B to be large, which suggests picking B from items with large a_i. But large a_i items may have large P_i? Not necessarily; a_i = V_i-1, so large a_i means large V_i. There is no direct correlation between V_i and P_i; they are independent. So we can have boxes with large V_i and small P_i (good), or large V_i and large P_i (bad). For B, we want items with large a_i and also high (1-P_i) (i.e., small P_i). So ideally, B consists of M-1 items with the largest a_i among those with P_i=1 (or small P_i). If there aren't enough such items, we may need to include some with larger P_i (negative contribution).

Now, the sum over A includes all items not in B with a_i ≤ min_a_B and V_i-P_i > 0. This includes items with a_i up to that threshold. So if we set min_a_B high, we can include many items with positive V_i-P_i, even those with moderately large a_i. That seems beneficial.

Thus, the optimal B likely consists of the M-1 items with the largest a_i, because that maximizes min_a_B (which is the smallest a among those M-1 largest). Actually, if we take the M-1 items with the largest a_i, then min_a_B is the (M-1)-th largest a_i, which is as large as possible. Any other choice of B would have min_a_B ≤ that value. So to maximize the pool of A items (allowing larger a_i), we want min_a_B as large as possible. Therefore, the optimal B should be the set of M-1 items with the largest a_i. Is that always optimal? We also need to consider the contribution of B items themselves: sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i). If we take the M-1 largest a_i, we might include items with very negative (1-P_i) if those items have large P_i. Could it be better to exclude a large a_i item with very negative (1-P_i) from B, and instead include a slightly smaller a_i item with higher (1-P_i) (less negative), even though that reduces min_a_B? The reduction in min_a_B might exclude some positive V_i-P_i items from A, which could outweigh the improvement in B's contribution. So we need to balance.

Thus, we need to find the optimal B of size M-1, not necessarily the largest a_i.

This is a combinatorial selection problem that might be solved by sorting items by a_i and considering a threshold.

Let's denote we sort items by a_i ascending. Let the sorted list be indices 1..N. Suppose we decide that the threshold t is such that all items with a_i < t are definitely in A (if they have positive V_i-P_i), and items with a_i > t are definitely in B? Not exactly.

We can think of choosing a cutoff index c (0 ≤ c ≤ N) such that we will take B from items with index > c (i.e., a_i ≥ a_{c+1}), and A from items with index ≤ c (i.e., a_i ≤ a_c). However, items with a_i equal to a_{c+1} could be split. To simplify, we can consider that we choose a value x, and then we assign all items with a_i < x to A (if beneficial), all items with a_i > x to B (if we need to fill B), and items with a_i = x can be allocated to either to meet the counts.

But perhaps we can transform the objective further.

Recall that F = sum_{i∈A} (V_i-P_i) + sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i). Since V_i-P_i = (1-P_i) + a_i, we can write:

F = sum_{i∈A} (1-P_i) + sum_{i∈A} a_i + sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i) = sum_{i∈A∪B} (1-P_i) + sum_{i∈A} a_i.

But A∪B = S, the set of used boxes. And sum_{i∈S} (1-P_i) = B(S). And sum_{i∈A} a_i is the sum of a_i for items in A, which are the L smallest a in S.

So F = B(S) + sum_{i∈A} a_i.

Now, B(S) = sum_{i∈S} (1-P_i). Since 1-P_i ≤ 0, we would like S to be as small as possible in terms of negative contributions, but we need at least M items. However, including extra items in S (in A) adds their (1-P_i) (which is ≤0) but also adds their a_i to the sum (since they are in A). So the net effect of adding an item i to A (i.e., including it in S and placing it in A) is: ΔF = (1-P_i) + a_i = V_i - P_i. So adding an item to A is beneficial if V_i - P_i > 0. Adding an item to B (i.e., including it in S and placing it in B) gives ΔF = (1-P_i). Since 1-P_i ≤ 0, adding an item to B is never beneficial unless 1-P_i = 0 (P_i=1) which gives zero effect. So we would never voluntarily add an item to B unless we need to fill the B quota of M-1 items. And we would prefer those B items to have 1-P_i as high as possible (i.e., P_i as small as possible), ideally P_i=1 giving 0.

Thus, the optimal strategy is: we must select exactly M-1 items to be in B. We want those to have the largest possible (1-P_i) (i.e., smallest P_i). Among all items, we would pick the M-1 items with the highest (1-P_i) (i.e., smallest P_i) to be in B, because they contribute the least negative (or zero). However, we also have the constraint that all items in A must have a_i ≤ min a in B. So if we pick B items with very small a_i (i.e., small V_i), then the threshold min a_B is small, restricting A to only items with a_i ≤ that small value, which may exclude many items with positive V_i-P_i but larger a_i. So we might want to pick B items with larger a_i to raise the threshold, even if their (1-P_i) is slightly worse (more negative). So there is a trade-off.

Thus, we need to choose B to maximize:

F(B) = sum_{i∈B} (1-P_i) + sum_{i∉B, a_i ≤ min_{j∈B} a_j, V_i-P_i > 0} (V_i-P_i).

We can also include items with V_i-P_i = 0 in A without affecting F, but they don't matter.

Now, note that the second sum includes items not in B that satisfy a_i ≤ min_a_B and V_i-P_i > 0. This set is essentially all items with a_i ≤ min_a_B and V_i-P_i > 0, excluding those that are in B (but B items have a_i ≥ min_a_B, so they are not in this set because a_i ≤ min_a_B and they are in B would have a_i = min_a_B possibly; if an item in B has a_i = min_a_B, it could also satisfy a_i ≤ min_a_B, but it's already in B, so we shouldn't double-count. However, if an item in B has a_i = min_a_B and also V_i-P_i > 0, we are not getting its full V_i-P_i, only 1-P_i. So we might consider whether it's better to put such an item in A instead, but then we would need another item with a_i ≥ that a_i to be in B to maintain the threshold. So the optimization must consider swapping.

This is getting messy.

Maybe we can solve the problem by considering all possible values for min_a_B, i.e., the threshold t. For a given t, we decide that all items with a_i < t will be in A (if V_i-P_i > 0), and all items with a_i > t will be in B? But B must have exactly M-1 items, and they must have a_i ≥ t. Also, items with a_i = t can be split.

So for a given threshold t, we can compute:

- Let L_pos(t) = set of items with a_i < t and V_i-P_i > 0. These will definitely be in A (since they are beneficial and satisfy a_i < t ≤ min_a_B). We might also include items with a_i < t and V_i-P_i ≤ 0, but we wouldn't.

- Let M_eq(t) = set of items with a_i = t.

- Let R(t) = set of items with a_i > t.

We need to select exactly M-1 items for B from the union of M_eq(t) and R(t), with the condition that min a in B is at least t. Since items in R have a_i > t, they are fine. Items in M_eq have a_i = t, also fine. The min a in B will be t if we include at least one item from M_eq(t) in B, or if we include only items from R(t), then min a in B will be > t (the smallest a among those selected). But if we select only from R(t), then the threshold effectively becomes larger than t. So our assumption that min_a_B = t may not hold; it could be larger. So we need to consider the actual min_a_B, which is the smallest a among the chosen B items.

Thus, it's more natural to consider the min_a_B value directly. Let t = min_a_B_B_B
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
