=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
There is a grid of H rows and W columns.
The rows are numbered 0,1,\ldots,H-1 from top to bottom, and the columns are numbered 0,1,\ldots,W-1 from left to right.
Let (i,j) denote the cell at row i and column j.
You are given H strings S_0, S_1, \ldots, S_{H-1}, each of which is of length W and consists of A and B.
In each cell, one of the following two types of tiles is placed.
Let S_{ij} denote the (j+1)-th character (0 \le j \le W-1) of the string S_i. The type of tile placed in cell (i,j) is S_{ij}.

- Type A: A single line segment is drawn on the tile’s surface, connecting the midpoints of two adjacent edges.



- Type B: A single line segment is drawn on the tile’s surface, connecting the midpoints of two opposite edges.


These tiles can be freely rotated. When focusing only on the pattern formed by the line segments, there are four ways to rotate a Type-A tile and two ways to rotate a Type-B tile. Therefore, if we distinguish placements only by the pattern of line segments, the number of ways to place the tiles is 4^a \times 2^b, where a is the number of Type-A tiles and b is the number of Type-B tiles.
Among these ways, print the number, modulo 998244353, of ways such that the line segments on the tiles have no dead ends when viewing the grid as a torus.
Here, "the line segments on the tiles have no dead ends when viewing the grid as a torus" if and only if the following two conditions are satisfied for every cell (i,j):

- Both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists:
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the right edge of the cell (i,j)
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,(j+1)\bmod W), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the left edge of the cell (i,(j+1)\bmod W)


- Both of the following exist, or neither of the following exists:
- the line segment drawn in the cell (i,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the bottom edge of the cell (i,j)
- the line segment drawn in the cell ((i+1)\bmod H,j), whose endpoint is the midpoint of the top edge of the cell ((i+1)\bmod H,j)



For example, the following placement satisfies the condition:

The following placement does not satisfy the condition. Specifically, while there is no line segment whose endpoint is the midpoint of the right edge of the tile in cell (0,2), there is a line segment whose endpoint is the midpoint of the left edge of the tile in cell (0,0), so the condition is not satisfied.

You are given T test cases; solve each of them.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
T
case_1
case_2
\vdots
case_T

Each case is given in the following format:
H W
S_0
S_1
\vdots
S_{H-1}

Output

For each test case, print the number, modulo 998244353, of placements that satisfies the condition, in separate lines.

Constraints


- 1 \le T \le 10^5
- 2 \le H,W
- HW\leq 10^6
- S_i\,(0\le i\le H-1) are length-W strings consisting of A and B.
- The sum of H W over all test cases is at most 10^6.
- T, H, and W are integers.

Sample Input 1

3
3 3
AAB
AAB
BBB
3 3
BBA
ABA
AAB
3 4
BAAB
BABA
BBAA

Sample Output 1

2
0
2

One valid placement for the first test case is shown in the following image:

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve a combinatorial problem: given a grid of H rows and W columns, each cell has a tile type: A (adjacent edges connection) or B (opposite edges connection). Tiles can be rotated arbitrarily. For each tile type, the number of distinct patterns (orientations) is: Type A: 4 orientations (since it connects two adjacent edges; there are 4 choices of which pair of adjacent edges? Actually connecting midpoints of two adjacent edges: there are 4 possible pairs: (top, right), (right, bottom), (bottom, left), (left, top). So indeed 4 orientations). Type B: 2 orientations (connecting opposite edges: either horizontal (left-right) or vertical (top-bottom)). So total placements = 4^{#A} * 2^{#B}.

We need to count number of placements such that the line segments have no dead ends when viewing the grid as a torus. The condition: For every cell (i,j), we require that for each of the four directions (right, bottom, left, top) but specifically the condition is given in pairs: For right-left: the line segment drawn in cell (i,j) that has endpoint at the midpoint of the right edge of that cell must exist if and only if the line segment drawn in cell (i, (j+1) mod W) that has endpoint at the midpoint of the left edge of that cell exists. Similarly for bottom-top: the line segment drawn in cell (i,j) that has endpoint at the midpoint of the bottom edge must exist if and only if the line segment drawn in cell ((i+1) mod H, j) that has endpoint at the midpoint of the top edge exists.

Essentially, this is a condition that the line segments form a collection of cycles (or infinite lines) on the torus, with no dangling endpoints. Each edge of a cell (midpoint) is either connected to a line segment endpoint or not. The condition forces that for each edge between adjacent cells, the two endpoints (one from each cell) either both exist (and then they connect) or both do not exist. So the line segments must match up across cell boundaries. This is similar to requiring that the pattern of line segments forms a set of closed loops on the torus, with each edge of the grid (between cells) either used by a line segment from both sides (so they connect) or not used at all. Actually careful: The line segment on a tile connects two midpoints of edges. So each tile contributes exactly two endpoints (since it's a line segment connecting two midpoints). So each tile uses exactly two of the four possible edges (midpoints) of that cell. The condition says that for each edge between two cells, the two cells must either both have a line segment endpoint at that edge (so they connect) or both not. So the endpoints must pair up across edges. This is reminiscent of a perfect matching condition on the graph of edges? Actually think of the grid as a graph where vertices are the cells? Not exactly. Another viewpoint: The line segments form a set of cycles on the dual graph? Let's formalize.

We have a grid of cells. Each cell has four sides: top, bottom, left, right. The midpoints of these sides are connection points. A tile orientation chooses two of these sides to connect with a line segment. The condition requires that for every adjacent pair of cells, the two sides that face each other (e.g., right side of cell (i,j) and left side of cell (i,j+1)) are either both selected as endpoints by their respective tiles, or both not selected. If both selected, then the line segments from the two tiles meet at that edge, effectively forming a continuous line across the boundary. If both not selected, then no line passes through that edge.

Thus, the whole configuration can be seen as a collection of closed loops (or possibly infinite lines that wrap around torus) on the torus, where each tile contributes a segment connecting two of its sides, and the connections across boundaries ensure continuity.

We need to count the number of assignments of orientations to each tile such that these adjacency constraints hold.

This is a constraint satisfaction problem on a grid, which might be solved using transfer matrix / DP, but H and W can be up to 10^6 total across test cases, so we need an efficient method, perhaps a combinatorial formula.

Observation: The condition is local: each edge must have matching endpoints. This is similar to a 2-coloring of edges? Actually each tile chooses two sides. The constraints are that for each edge, the two incident tiles must agree on whether they use that edge. So we can think of each edge as having a binary variable: is there a line segment endpoint on that edge from the left/top cell? But that's determined by the orientation of the tile. So we need to assign orientations such that for each edge, the two tiles' choices are consistent.

We can model each tile as a vertex in a graph where edges are the sides? Alternatively, think of the grid as a planar graph where the cells are faces? Actually the midpoints are on the edges of the cells. The line segments connect two midpoints on the boundary of the same cell. The condition ensures that at each edge between cells, either both cells have a line segment ending at that edge (so the two segments meet) or none. So effectively, we can think of the union of all line segments as a set of edges on the "grid graph" formed by the midpoints? Let's consider the dual: The cells are squares. The midpoints of sides are points on the edges of the squares. When two adjacent squares both have endpoints on their shared side, those two endpoints coincide (they are the same point) and the line segments connect to that point, forming a continuous path. So the whole drawing is a collection of curves that go from midpoint to midpoint across cells. Since each tile has exactly one line segment, the total number of endpoints is 2 * (number of tiles). Each endpoint is at a midpoint of a side. The condition forces that each endpoint is matched with an endpoint from the neighboring cell, unless it is on the boundary? But on a torus there is no boundary; all sides are internal. So every endpoint must be matched with exactly one endpoint from the adjacent cell. Thus, the set of endpoints must be paired up across each edge. That means the total number of endpoints on each edge must be either 0 or 2 (one from each side). Since each edge is between two cells, the condition says either both cells have an endpoint there (so 2 endpoints total) or none (0). So each edge contributes either 0 or 2 endpoints. Therefore, the total number of endpoints across the whole torus is even, which it is (2 * #tiles). But more importantly, this implies that the line segments form a collection of closed loops (cycles) on the torus, with no open ends.

Now, each tile's line segment connects two of its sides. So if we consider the grid as a graph where vertices are the cells? Actually we can think of a state for each cell: which two sides are connected. The adjacency constraints are that for each edge, the two incident cells must either both have that side selected or both not.

This is reminiscent of the "ice-type" models or six-vertex model? Indeed, this is exactly the six-vertex model! In the six-vertex model, each vertex (intersection) has four incident edges, and we assign arrows or occupancy such that each vertex has an even number of incoming/outgoing arrows, typically two. But here, each cell is like a vertex of a square lattice? Actually in the six-vertex model, the vertices are at the grid points, and edges are between them. Here, the cells are like faces, and the line segments connect midpoints of edges. However, we can transform by considering the dual lattice: The midpoints of cell sides are edges of the dual graph? Let's think: The original grid of cells: each cell is a square. The midpoints of its sides are points on the edges of the squares. If we consider the graph whose vertices are these midpoints? That seems messy.

Alternatively, consider the "medial graph": The line segments connect midpoints of adjacent edges of a square. This is exactly the configuration of a "square lattice" where each vertex (cell) has degree 4, and we draw a curve that goes through the cell connecting two of its incident edges. This is similar to the "alternating" orientation? Actually there is a well-known correspondence between such tilings and the six-vertex model on the dual lattice. Let's derive.

Define a graph G whose vertices are the cells? No. Better: Consider the graph formed by the grid lines themselves. The cells are faces. The line segments are drawn inside cells connecting midpoints of edges. If we consider the union of these segments, they form a set of curves that cross from one cell to another through the shared edge. If we look at the dual lattice (the lattice of vertices at the corners of cells), the curves pass through the edges of the dual? Actually each cell corresponds to a vertex in the dual? The dual of the square grid (cells) is another square grid where each cell becomes a vertex at its center, and edges connect centers of adjacent cells. The line segment inside a cell connecting two midpoints of sides corresponds to a "turn" at that vertex? For example, if a cell connects its left and top sides, then the curve goes from the left edge midpoint to the top edge midpoint. In the dual, the centers of adjacent cells are connected via the edge that crosses the shared side. The curve crossing that side would go from one center to another? Not exactly.

Let's try to map to a vertex model: At each cell, we have a configuration of which two sides are connected. There are 6 possible configurations if we ignore rotations? Actually for a square, connecting two sides can be of two types: adjacent sides (Type A) or opposite sides (Type B). Type A has 4 orientations (adjacent pairs), Type B has 2 orientations (opposite pairs). So total 6 distinct patterns. That's exactly the six-vertex model: each vertex has 4 incident edges, and we assign a configuration of arrows such that each vertex has two arrows pointing in and two pointing out (ice rule) or something. But in the six-vertex model, the configurations are: 1) all four arrows pointing in/out? Actually the six-vertex model typically has configurations where at each vertex, two arrows point in and two point out, giving 6 possibilities: up-right, up-left, down-right, down-left (adjacent) and horizontal, vertical (opposite). That matches exactly: if we interpret an arrow as indicating the direction of the line segment? Let's see: In the six-vertex model, each vertex is at a lattice point, with four incident edges. The arrows on edges indicate direction of flow. The ice rule: two arrows point into the vertex, two point out. The six possible arrow configurations are: (1) arrows on up and right edges point in, down and left point out (or something). But there are exactly 6 configurations. However, our tile types are not free: they are restricted to either Type A or Type B based on the given S. So we have a constrained six-vertex model where at each vertex (cell) we can only use certain configurations (adjacent or opposite) depending on whether the cell is A or B. And we need to count the number of configurations that satisfy the "edge consistency" condition: at each edge (between two vertices), the arrows must be consistent? Actually in the six-vertex model, the arrows on each edge are shared by two vertices; the condition is that each edge has a single arrow direction (i.e., the arrow assigned by one vertex must match the arrow assigned by the other vertex, but they are opposite directions? Wait, in the six-vertex model, each edge is assigned an arrow direction (say from one vertex to the other). At each vertex, the incident edges have arrows either pointing towards or away from the vertex. The consistency condition is that the arrow direction on an edge is the same when viewed from both ends? Actually if we assign an arrow direction to each edge (say from one vertex to the other), then from one vertex's perspective, if the arrow points away from that vertex, then from the other vertex it points towards it. So the arrow direction is a global orientation on edges. The ice rule at each vertex imposes constraints on the orientations of the four incident edges. So the configuration is an assignment of orientations to all edges of the square lattice (the edges between vertices) such that at each vertex, the number of incoming arrows equals 2 (or outgoing equals 2). That's the standard six-vertex model.

Now, how does that relate to our tile problem? Consider the grid of cells. Each cell has four sides. The line segment inside the cell connects two sides. If we imagine walking along the line, it enters the cell from one side and exits from another side. So the line segment defines a "flow" through the cell: it goes from the midpoint of one side to the midpoint of another side. That can be thought of as a path that goes through the cell. If we consider the edges between cells as "pipes", then the line segment indicates that the path goes through the cell connecting two pipes. This is analogous to the six-vertex model if we place vertices at the centers of cells and edges between centers (i.e., the dual lattice). Then each cell center is a vertex, and the four incident edges correspond to the four sides of the cell. The line segment connecting two sides corresponds to a "turn" at the vertex: the path enters from one edge and exits from another edge. In the six-vertex model, at each vertex, we have exactly two edges that are "active" (the path goes through), and the other two are inactive. The direction of the path along an edge is consistent: if the path goes from vertex A to vertex B, then at vertex A it exits along that edge, and at vertex B it enters along that edge. So the orientation of the edge (arrow) indicates the direction of travel. The ice rule (two incoming, two outgoing) is automatically satisfied if each vertex has exactly one incoming and one outgoing edge? Actually if the path is a set of cycles, at each vertex the path enters via one edge and exits via another, so the vertex has one incoming and one outgoing edge (if we consider the direction along the path). But the six-vertex model typically requires two incoming and two outgoing? Wait, that's for the "ice" model where each vertex has four incident edges, each with an arrow, and the rule is that two arrows point in, two point out. That corresponds to each vertex having exactly two incident edges that are part of the path? But in our case, each vertex (cell) has exactly two incident edges that are used (the two sides connected by the line segment). The other two edges are not used. So if we assign an arrow direction to each used edge indicating the direction of the path, then at the vertex, the two used edges will be one incoming and one outgoing (since the path goes through). That gives exactly one incoming and one outgoing, not two. However, the six-vertex model with arrow configurations where two arrows point in and two out corresponds to each vertex having four incident edges all assigned an arrow, but only two of them are "incoming"? Actually in the six-vertex model, all four edges have an arrow, but the rule is that the number of arrows pointing into the vertex equals the number pointing out, and typically it's 2 in, 2 out. That means all four edges are considered "active" in the sense that they have an arrow, but the arrow indicates direction of something (like electric field). In our case, the unused edges have no arrow; they are not part of the path. So it's not exactly the same.

But there is a well-known mapping: The configurations of non-intersecting paths on a square lattice that turn at vertices correspond to the six-vertex model with "domain wall boundary conditions"? Not exactly.

Let's think differently: The condition that each edge either has both endpoints or none is equivalent to saying that the set of edges that are "used" (i.e., have a line segment endpoint) forms a perfect matching between the two sides? Actually each edge is shared by two cells. The condition forces that the two cells either both use that edge or both don't. So we can define a binary variable for each edge: whether it is "occupied" (i.e., both cells have an endpoint there). Then each cell must have exactly two occupied edges (since the line segment connects two sides, so exactly two of its four sides are occupied). And the occupied edges must be such that they are paired within the cell: the two occupied sides are either adjacent (Type A) or opposite (Type B). So the problem reduces to: assign to each edge (between adjacent cells) a binary value (0 or 1) indicating whether it is occupied, such that for each cell, the set of occupied edges among its four incident edges has size exactly 2, and the pattern of which two edges are occupied must be allowed by the tile type (A allows only adjacent pairs, B allows only opposite pairs). Additionally, note that the torus has no boundary, so all edges are between two cells; there are no external edges.

Thus, we have a constraint satisfaction problem on the edges of the grid graph (the graph whose vertices are the cells? Actually edges are between cells). But we can think of the cells as vertices of the dual lattice, and the edges between cells as edges of that dual lattice. So we have a graph G which is an H x W grid on a torus (each vertex corresponds to a cell, edges connect adjacent cells horizontally and vertically). Each vertex (cell) has degree 4. We need to select a subset of edges (occupied) such that each vertex has exactly two incident selected edges, and the two selected edges at a vertex must be either adjacent (share a corner) or opposite, depending on the vertex type (A or B). Additionally, note that the selection of edges is undirected; we don't assign direction. So this is a combinatorial problem: count the number of 2-regular subgraphs (each vertex degree 2) of the grid graph on a torus, with the additional restriction that at each vertex, the two incident selected edges must be either adjacent or opposite according to the vertex type. But wait, degree 2 subgraph means each vertex has exactly two incident edges from the selected set. That's exactly a collection of cycles covering all vertices? Not necessarily covering all vertices; degree 2 at each vertex means the selected edges form a 2-regular spanning subgraph (since every vertex has degree 2). In a finite graph, a 2-regular spanning subgraph is a disjoint union of cycles covering all vertices. So the selected edges form a set of cycles that cover all vertices (each vertex appears exactly in one cycle). However, is it required that every vertex has degree exactly 2? Yes, because each cell must have exactly two occupied edges (since the line segment connects two sides). So the selected edges must give each vertex degree 2. Therefore, the problem reduces to counting the number of 2-regular spanning subgraphs (i.e., cycle covers) of the grid graph on a torus, with the restriction that at each vertex, the two incident edges in the cover must be either adjacent or opposite, according to the vertex's type (A or B). But note: In a cycle cover, each vertex has exactly two incident edges from the cover. However, the two edges could be any pair of the four incident edges. The restriction is that the pair must be either adjacent (share a corner) or opposite. So for type A vertices, only adjacent pairs are allowed; for type B, only opposite pairs are allowed.

Thus, we need to count the number of cycle covers (spanning 2-regular subgraphs) of the toroidal grid graph (H x W) with these vertex constraints.

Now, this is reminiscent of counting the number of Eulerian orientations? But maybe we can solve using transfer matrix with state representing the pattern of occupied edges on a cut. However, H and W can be up to 10^6 total, but each test case may have H and W up to maybe 1000? Actually HW <= 10^6, so each test case can be up to 10^6 cells. That's too large for O(HW) DP with state size exponential in W? Not necessarily; we can do O(HW) with constant factor if we use a linear-time algorithm, maybe using combinatorial formulas.

We need to count cycle covers with constraints. This looks like a problem that can be reduced to counting the number of perfect matchings in a certain bipartite graph? Because cycle covers in a directed graph can be counted via determinant, but here the graph is undirected and we have constraints on allowed edge pairs at each vertex. This is like a "vertex model" with local constraints, which can be represented as a partition function of a statistical mechanics model. Indeed, it's exactly the six-vertex model but with a different interpretation: In the six-vertex model, at each vertex we assign an arrow configuration with two arrows in, two out. If we ignore arrow directions and just look at which edges are "occupied" by arrows, then each vertex has exactly four incident edges all occupied (since arrows are assigned to all edges). That's different. However, if we consider the "loop model" where we draw curves that turn at vertices, we often have a model where each vertex has two incident edges that are part of a loop, and the other two are not. That's the "O(1) loop model" or "fully packed loop model" on the square lattice. Indeed, the fully packed loop (FPL) model on a square grid requires that each vertex has degree 2, and the loops are non-intersecting. But here loops can cross? Actually they are just cycles; they can intersect at vertices? In a cycle cover, each vertex has degree 2, so the edges form cycles that are disjoint (they don't share vertices). So they are a set of disjoint cycles covering all vertices. That's exactly a 2-factor. In graph theory, a 2-factor is a spanning 2-regular subgraph. So we need to count the number of 2-factors of the toroidal grid graph with vertex-type restrictions.

Now, the grid graph is bipartite? The square grid on a torus is bipartite if both H and W are even? Actually a grid on a torus is bipartite if and only if both H and W are even? Let's check: A standard grid graph (infinite) is bipartite. On a torus, if you wrap around, the parity condition: the graph is bipartite if there is no odd cycle. The torus grid has cycles of length H (vertical wrap) and W (horizontal wrap). If both H and W are even, then all cycles are even? Actually a cycle that goes around the torus horizontally has length W; if W is odd, that cycle is odd, so the graph is not bipartite. So the toroidal grid is bipartite iff both H and W are even. But we don't necessarily need bipartiteness.

Counting 2-factors in a grid is generally #P-hard? But with restrictions maybe there is a product formula.

Let's explore small cases to see pattern. Sample 1: H=3,W=3, grid with AAB rows etc. Output 2. So there are 2 valid placements. Let's try to compute manually? Possibly the number of cycle covers with constraints equals 2^{something}? But sample output 2 suggests maybe only a few.

We need to derive a general solution.

Observation: The constraint that each vertex must have exactly two incident selected edges, and the pair must be either adjacent or opposite, is equivalent to: For type A, the two edges must be perpendicular (they meet at a corner) i.e., they are not opposite. For type B, they must be opposite (i.e., both horizontal or both vertical). So type A forces that the vertex is a "turn" (the path changes direction), while type B forces that the path goes straight through (either horizontally or vertically). So type B vertices are like straight pieces, type A are like corners.

Now, consider the cycle cover: It consists of cycles that go through vertices. At a type B vertex, the two incident edges must be opposite, meaning the cycle passes straight through: either horizontally (left and right) or vertically (top and bottom). At a type A vertex, the two incident edges must be adjacent, meaning the cycle makes a 90-degree turn: e.g., left and top, top and right, right and bottom, bottom and left.

Thus, the cycles are composed of straight segments (type B) and turns (type A). This is reminiscent of a "grid of pipes" where type B are straight pipes and type A are elbow joints.

Now, the whole configuration is a set of cycles covering all vertices. On a torus, what are the possible cycle covers? They are essentially a collection of disjoint cycles that are closed loops on the torus. Each vertex is visited exactly once by some cycle.

We need to count the number of such cycle covers given the assignment of types (A/B) to vertices.

This looks like a constraint satisfaction problem that might be solved using a transfer matrix with state representing which edges are selected on a cut, but the state would need to encode connectivity across the cut (like in counting cycle covers via Pfaffian). However, the constraints are local and the graph is planar (toroidal), so perhaps we can use the fact that the number of 2-factors in a bipartite graph can be expressed as a determinant of a matrix (Kasteleyn). But here we have additional restrictions on which edges can be paired at each vertex, which might be encoded by weighting edges appropriately. Actually, a 2-factor can be represented as a perfect matching in a derived graph: For each vertex, we need to choose two incident edges that form an allowed pair. This is like a "vertex configuration" constraint. One common technique is to transform to a dimer model on a decorated graph. For example, the six-vertex model can be mapped to a dimer model on a Fisher graph. Indeed, the six-vertex model (with arrow configurations) can be represented as a dimer covering on a certain graph. But our model is slightly different: we have a 2-factor with constraints on allowed pairs at each vertex. This is exactly the "ice-type" model with vertex weights corresponding to allowed configurations. The partition function of the six-vertex model counts the number of arrow configurations with ice rule, which is equivalent to counting Eulerian orientations? Wait, the six-vertex model assigns arrows to all edges, with each vertex having two in, two out. That's different from our 2-factor where only two edges are selected. However, there is a mapping: If we consider the medial graph, the 2-factor corresponds to a set of non-intersecting curves that turn at vertices. This is the "O(n) loop model" at n=1? Actually the O(n) loop model on the square lattice has weights for loops, and at each vertex there is a configuration of two occupied edges (the loop passes through) and two empty edges. That's exactly our model. The partition function of the O(n) loop model can be expressed in terms of a vertex model with weights. For n=1, it's the number of cycle covers. And there is known result: On a torus, the number of cycle covers (2-factors) of a grid graph is given by something like product over Fourier modes? Possibly it can be computed via the determinant of a matrix derived from the adjacency matrix? Let's think: A 2-factor is a spanning subgraph where each vertex has degree 2. This is equivalent to a permutation of vertices where each vertex maps to one of its neighbors? Not exactly.

Another approach: Since each vertex must have degree 2, we can think of orienting the cycle edges to get a directed 2-regular graph, i.e., a disjoint union of directed cycles covering all vertices. That's a permutation of the vertices where each vertex maps to one of its four neighbors, and the mapping is a bijection (since each vertex has exactly one outgoing and one incoming edge). So we need to count the number of permutations π on the set of cells such that for each cell v, π(v) is one of its four neighbors (up, down, left, right) and also π^{-1}(v) is one of its four neighbors (automatically if π is bijection). Additionally, the pair of edges (incoming and outgoing) at v must satisfy the type constraint: For type A, the two edges (the one from predecessor to v and the one from v to successor) must be adjacent (i.e., the direction of incoming and outgoing must be perpendicular). For type B, they must be opposite (i.e., same line: either both horizontal or both vertical). But careful: In a directed cycle, at vertex v, we have an incoming edge (from some neighbor u) and an outgoing edge (to some neighbor w). The two incident edges used are the edge (u,v) and (v,w). They are both part of the cycle. The constraint is on the pair of edges incident to v that are used: they must be either adjacent or opposite. This is exactly the condition on the two directions: the direction from v to u (incoming) and from v to w (outgoing). But note that the incoming edge is oriented towards v, so from v's perspective, the neighbor u is in some direction (say left). The outgoing edge goes to w in some direction (say up). So the two directions (the directions of the edges from v) are left (incoming) and up (outgoing). That's an adjacent pair. So the condition is: the two directions (the directions of the two incident edges) must be either adjacent or opposite. So for type A, they must be perpendicular; for type B, they must be opposite (i.e., same axis but opposite directions? Actually opposite edges: e.g., left and right are opposite; up and down are opposite. But note that if the incoming direction is left and outgoing is right, that's opposite. But also incoming left and outgoing left would be same direction, which is not allowed because that would mean two edges on the same side? But a vertex cannot have two edges on the same side because each side is a single edge; but could both incoming and outgoing be on the same side? That would require two distinct neighbors on the same side? Actually each side corresponds to a single adjacent cell. So you cannot have two distinct edges on the same side because there is only one neighbor in that direction. So the only possibilities for opposite are left-right or up-down. For adjacent, there are four possibilities: left-up, up-right, right-down, down-left. So indeed, the allowed pairs are exactly these.

Thus, we need to count the number of permutations π on the set of cells (grid) such that for each cell v, π(v) is a neighbor (4-neighbor), and the pair (direction from v to π^{-1}(v), direction from v to π(v)) satisfies the type constraint. Also π must be a bijection (automatically if we define it as a permutation). But note that a permutation with the property that each element maps to a neighbor is exactly a disjoint union of directed cycles covering all vertices, i.e., a 2-factor oriented. So the number of such permutations equals the number of 2-factors (since each 2-factor can be oriented in two ways per cycle? Actually each undirected cycle of length L can be oriented in two directions. So if we count directed cycle covers (permutations), we get twice the number of undirected cycle covers (since each undirected cycle gives two orientations). However, we must be careful: In our original problem, the line segments are undirected; the tile just connects two sides, no direction. So the configuration is undirected. So if we count directed permutations, we would overcount by a factor of 2^{#cycles}. But maybe we can incorporate that later.

But perhaps counting directed permutations is easier because it becomes a problem of counting the number of permutations with local constraints, which might be expressed as the number of perfect matchings in a bipartite graph? Indeed, a permutation on a set can be seen as a perfect matching in a bipartite graph where left and right copies represent "from" and "to". Specifically, define a bipartite graph with left vertices representing cells as sources and right vertices representing cells as targets. For each directed edge from u to v (where v is a neighbor of u), we put an edge between left u and right v. Then a permutation corresponds to a perfect matching that selects exactly one outgoing edge for each left vertex and exactly one incoming edge for each right vertex. So the number of such perfect matchings is the number of permutation matrices with the given allowed transitions. This is exactly the number of 0-1 matrices with row and column sums 1 and entries only where allowed. That's the number of permutation matrices with forbidden positions. This is a classic assignment problem, and its count can be computed as the permanent of the adjacency matrix. But permanent is #P-hard in general, but for this highly structured graph (grid), maybe there is a product formula.

But we also have the additional constraint on the pair of directions at each vertex: the incoming and outgoing directions must satisfy the type condition. In the permutation model, for each vertex v, we have an incoming edge (from some neighbor u) and an outgoing edge (to some neighbor w). The constraint involves both the incoming and outgoing directions. This is a constraint linking the two matchings? Actually in the bipartite matching representation, we have two separate decisions: which neighbor v receives from (incoming) and which neighbor v sends to (outgoing). These are independent selections subject to the global bijection condition. The constraint couples them at each vertex. So it's not just a simple assignment problem; it's a constraint satisfaction problem with both row and column assignments interacting.

We could try to use transfer matrix with state representing the "flow" across a vertical cut. Since the graph is a grid, we can process row by row, keeping track of which horizontal edges are selected and the connectivity of partial cycles. This is similar to counting Hamiltonian cycles or cycle covers in grid graphs, which can be done with state representing which edges in the current row are used and how they connect to the next row. The state size would be exponential in W, which is too large if W can be up to 10^6? But HW <= 10^6, so W could be up to 10^6 as well, but then H would be 1? But H >= 2, so W could be up to 500k? That's impossible for exponential state. So we need a smarter method.

Maybe the problem has a simple answer: the number of valid placements is either 0 or 2^{#connected components of something}. Let's test with sample.

First test case: H=3,W=3, grid:
AAB
AAB
BBB
We need to count valid placements. Output 2. Let's try to see if there are exactly 2 cycle covers satisfying constraints. Let's attempt to enumerate manually? Possibly there are 2.

Second test case: output 0.

Third test case: output 2.

So not many.

Maybe the condition forces that all type B vertices must be straight, and type A vertices must be turns, and the only way to have a consistent cycle cover on a torus is that the pattern of A/B must satisfy some parity condition, and then the number of covers is 2^{c} where c is the number of independent cycles? Something like that.

Let's analyze the constraints more deeply.

We have a grid on a torus. Let's denote the set of vertices V = Z_H × Z_W. For each vertex (i,j), we need to select two incident edges from the four: up (i-1,j), down (i+1,j), left (i,j-1), right (i,j+1). The selection must satisfy: if S_{ij}=A, the two edges must be adjacent; if B, they must be opposite.

Now, consider the parity of the number of vertices that choose horizontal vs vertical straight? For type B, if it chooses opposite edges, there are two possibilities: horizontal (left+right) or vertical (up+down). For type A, there are four possibilities: the four turns.

We need the selections to be consistent: each edge is either selected by both incident vertices or by none. So if we define for each edge e between u and v, a variable x_e ∈ {0,1} indicating whether it is selected (occupied). Then for each vertex v, the sum of x_e over its four incident edges equals 2, and the set of edges with x_e=1 must be either an adjacent pair or opposite pair according to type. Also, note that if an edge is selected, it contributes to the degree of both endpoints. So the x_e must satisfy these local constraints.

This is a binary linear system? Not linear because the allowed pairs are not linear constraints (they are combinatorial). But maybe we can transform to a problem about orientations or something.

Another viewpoint: Since each vertex has degree 2, the subgraph is a union of cycles. On a torus, cycles can be contractible or non-contractible. The number of cycles can vary.

Maybe we can reduce to a 2-SAT or something? But counting is needed.

Given the constraints, perhaps the only possible configurations are those where the occupied edges form a collection of disjoint cycles that are all of even length? Not sure.

Let's attempt to derive necessary conditions.

Consider the parity of the number of vertices that choose a horizontal straight (i.e., type B with left+right) vs vertical straight. Since each horizontal edge connects two vertices. If we count the total number of horizontal edges selected, each such edge contributes to the degree of two vertices. For vertices that are type B and choose horizontal, they contribute 2 to the count of incident horizontal edges (both left and right). For vertices that are type A with a turn that includes a horizontal edge (e.g., left+up, left+down, right+up, right+down), they contribute exactly 1 horizontal edge. Similarly, vertices that are type B vertical contribute 0 horizontal edges, and type A turns that are vertical-only? Actually turns always include one horizontal and one vertical edge (since adjacent edges are one horizontal and one vertical). So type A always contributes exactly one horizontal edge and one vertical edge. Type B horizontal contributes two horizontal edges and zero vertical; type B vertical contributes zero horizontal and two vertical.

Let H_count = total number of selected horizontal edges (i.e., edges between (i,j) and (i,j+1) mod W). Similarly V_count = total number of selected vertical edges.

Since each vertex has degree 2, sum of degrees = 2 * N, where N = H*W. Also sum of degrees = 2*(#edges selected) because each selected edge contributes 2 to degree sum. So #selected edges = N. Since each selected edge is either horizontal or vertical, we have H_count + V_count = N.

Now, compute total horizontal contributions from vertices: For each vertex, the number of incident horizontal edges selected is either 0,1,2. Sum over vertices of incident horizontal selected edges = 2 * H_count (since each horizontal edge is incident to two vertices). Similarly, sum over vertices of incident vertical selected edges = 2 * V_count.

Let’s denote for each vertex v: h_v = number of selected horizontal edges incident to v (0,1,2). Then sum_v h_v = 2 H_count.

Now, classify vertices by type and choice:
- Type A: h_v = 1 (since adjacent pair includes one horizontal and one vertical). So each A contributes 1 to sum of h_v.
- Type B horizontal: h_v = 2.
- Type B vertical: h_v = 0.

Let a = number of type A vertices. Let b_h = number of type B vertices that choose horizontal, b_v = number that choose vertical. Then b = b_h + b_v is total type B count.

Then sum_v h_v = a * 1 + b_h * 2 + b_v * 0 = a + 2 b_h.

But also sum_v h_v = 2 H_count.

Similarly, sum_v v_v (vertical count) = a * 1 + b_h * 0 + b_v * 2 = a + 2 b_v = 2 V_count.

And we have H_count + V_count = N.

From these, we can derive:
2 H_count = a + 2 b_h
2 V_count = a + 2 b_v

Add: 2(H_count+V_count) = 2N = 2a + 2(b_h+b_v) = 2a + 2b => 2N = 2(a+b) => N = a+b, which holds since total vertices = a+b. So consistent.

Now, H_count = (a + 2 b_h)/2. Since H_count must be integer, a + 2 b_h must be even => a must be even. Similarly, a + 2 b_v must be even => a even as well. So a necessary condition: the number of type A vertices must be even. Is that always true? In sample 1, a = number of A's: rows: AAB -> 2 A's per row? Actually first row AAB: A A B -> 2 A, second row AAB -> 2 A, third row BBB -> 0 A, total a=4, even. Sample 2: BBA -> B B A? Actually BBA: B B A -> 1 A? Wait row1: BBA -> B,B,A => 1 A; row2: ABA -> A,B,A => 2 A; row3: AAB -> A,A,B => 2 A; total a=5? Let's compute: row1: BBA => A count 1; row2: ABA => A count 2; row3: AAB => A count 2; total a=5, odd. Output 0. So condition a even might be necessary. Sample 3: BAAB => B,A,A,B => 2 A; BABA => B,A,B,A => 2 A; BBAA => B,B,A,A => 2 A; total a=6, even. Output 2. So indeed a even appears necessary. But is it sufficient? Probably not; there may be additional constraints.

Let's test: If a is odd, answer 0. That matches sample 2. So first necessary condition: a must be even.

Now, if a is even, there might be some number of configurations. Could it be that the number of valid placements is exactly 2^{c} where c is something like the number of independent cycles in the grid? For sample 1, a=4, output 2, so maybe c=1. For sample 3, a=6, output 2, maybe c=1 as well. Could be that the number is always 2 when a even, unless some other obstruction? But we need to be careful: There might be cases with more than 2. Let's try small grids manually to see.

Consider H=2, W=2, all A? But a=4 even. Let's try to count possible cycle covers with all vertices type A (must turn). On a 2x2 torus, vertices: (0,0), (0,1), (1,0), (1,1). Edges: horizontal between (0,0)-(0,1), (1,0)-(1,1); vertical between (0,0)-(1,0), (0,1)-(1,1); also wrap-around: horizontal between (0,1)-(0,0) because torus? Actually on a torus, each row is a cycle: leftmost and rightmost are adjacent. So edges: for each row, there is an edge between (i,0) and (i,1) (since W=2). Similarly for columns: between (0,j) and (1,j). So it's a 4-cycle? Actually the graph is K_{2,2}? Let's list vertices: (0,0) neighbors: right (0,1), left (0,1) (since wrap, left also (0,1)? Actually on a torus, each vertex has four neighbors: up, down, left, right. For (0,0): up: (1,0) (since (i-1) mod H = 1), down: (1,0), left: (0,1), right: (0,1). So actually up and down both go to (1,0) because H=2, so (0-1 mod2 =1) and (0+1 mod2=1) both give (1,0). Similarly left and right both go to (0,1). So each vertex has only two distinct neighbors? Actually in a 2x2 torus, each vertex is connected to the other vertex in the same row and the other vertex in the same column, but those are the same? Let's compute: (0,0): row neighbor is (0,1); column neighbor is (1,0). So two distinct neighbors. But the degree is 4 but with duplicates? Because up and down both point to (1,0) (since moving up from row 0 goes to row 1, moving down also goes to row 1). Similarly left and right both point to (0,1). So effectively each vertex has two distinct neighbors, but each neighbor is connected by two parallel edges? Actually there are two distinct edges: one vertical and one horizontal? But the graph is not simple? In the grid on a torus, we consider each direction as a distinct edge, but if the same neighbor is reached via two different directions, they are considered different edges? Typically in a grid graph, each vertex has four incident edges, each corresponding to a direction. If two directions lead to the same neighbor, then there are two parallel edges between the same pair of vertices. For example, in a 2x2 torus, (0,0) has two edges to (1,0): one called "up" and one called "down". But are they considered distinct? In our problem, the edges are defined by the adjacency between cells; each side of a cell corresponds to a specific direction. So yes, there are two distinct edges between (0,0) and (1,0): one from the top side of (0,0) and bottom side of (1,0), and another from the bottom side of (0,0) and top side of (1,0)? Actually careful: The grid is of cells; each cell has four sides. The edge between cell (i,j) and cell (i+1 mod H, j) corresponds to the bottom side of (i,j) and top side of (i+1,j). That is a single edge. There is no separate edge for up and down; it's the same shared side. So each pair of adjacent cells shares exactly one edge (side). So the graph is simple: each vertex (cell) is connected to up to four neighbors, but if H=2, then (i,j) has neighbor (i+1 mod 2, j) which is the same as (i-1 mod 2, j). So it's the same neighbor, but there is still only one edge between them? Actually there are two ways to go from (i,j) to that neighbor: via the top side or via the bottom side? But the top side of (i,j) connects to the bottom side of (i-1 mod H, j). The bottom side of (i,j) connects to the top side of (i+1 mod H, j). If H=2, then (i-1 mod 2) = (i+1 mod 2). So the top side of (i,j) connects to the bottom side of (i+1 mod 2, j), and the bottom side of (i,j) connects to the top side of (i+1 mod 2, j). These are two distinct edges? They involve different sides of the cells. However, the shared side between two cells is unique: The boundary between cell (i,j) and cell (i+1,j) is a single line segment. That line segment is the bottom side of (i,j) and the top side of (i+1,j). There is no separate top side of (i,j) connecting to bottom of (i-1,j) that is also the same pair? Actually if H=2, then (i-1,j) = (i+1,j). So the top side of (i,j) connects to the bottom side of (i-1,j) which is the same as bottom side of (i+1,j). But that would be the same physical boundary? Let's think physically: We have a torus, so rows wrap. The grid is like a rectangle with opposite sides identified. Each cell has four sides. The side between row i and row i+1 (mod H) is a single interface. For a given column j, there is a horizontal line (a circle) that goes around the torus? Actually the torus is formed by identifying top and bottom, left and right. So the cells are arranged on a torus. The adjacency between cells is defined by sharing a side. For two cells to be adjacent, they must share a side. In a 2x2 grid, cell (0,0) shares its bottom side with cell (1,0) (since (0,0) bottom adjacent to (1,0) top). Also, cell (0,0) shares its top side with cell (1,0) as well? Because top side of (0,0) is adjacent to cell (1,0) bottom? Wait, if we identify top of row 0 with bottom of row H-1? Actually on a torus, the top side of row 0 is adjacent to the bottom side of row H-1. So for H=2, row 0's top side is adjacent to row 1's bottom side. So indeed, cell (0,0) has top side adjacent to cell (1,0) bottom, and bottom side adjacent to cell (1,0) top. So there are two distinct sides connecting (0,0) and (1,0): one is the top side of (0,0) and bottom side of (1,0); the other is the bottom side of (0,0) and top side of (1,0). Are these the same physical edge? On a torus, the interface between the two rows is a single circle? Actually think of the grid as a set of squares arranged in a rectangle, then glued top to bottom and left to right. The squares are arranged in two rows. The boundary between the two rows is a line that goes across all columns. This line is shared by the bottom sides of the top row and the top sides of the bottom row. That's one set of edges. But also, because of the identification, the top side of the top row is glued to the bottom side of the bottom row, which is a different line (the other boundary). So there are two distinct circles: one is the seam between row0 and row1, and the other is the seam between row1 and row0 after wrap? Actually after gluing top to bottom, the top edge of the whole rectangle is identified with the bottom edge, so the top side of row0 becomes adjacent to the bottom side of row1? Let's be precise: We have H rows, each row has cells. The top side of the entire grid (the outer boundary) is identified with the bottom side. So for row 0, its top side is actually adjacent to row H-1's bottom side. For H=2, row 0's top side is adjacent to row 1's bottom side. Row 1's top side is adjacent to row 0's bottom side. So there are two distinct interfaces: one between row0 bottom and row1 top, and another between row0 top and row1 bottom. They are different because they are on opposite sides of the torus? Actually on a torus, after identification, the two rows are adjacent in both directions: row0 is above row1 and also below row1. So each cell in row0 has two neighbors in the vertical direction: one above (which is row1) and one below (which is also row1). So there are two distinct edges connecting the same pair of cells, corresponding to the two different sides. So the graph is actually a multigraph: each pair of cells in the same column are connected by two parallel edges (one "up" and one "down"). Similarly for rows: each pair in the same row are connected by two parallel edges (left and right). So the underlying graph is the Cartesian product of two cycles: C_H × C_W, which is a 4-regular graph with multiple edges when H=2 or W=2? Actually C_H × C_W is a graph on the torus where vertices are (i,j) and edges connect (i,j) to (i±1 mod H, j) and (i,j±1 mod W). This graph is simple if H>2 and W>2? For H=2, (i+1 mod 2) = (i-1 mod 2), so there are two edges between the same pair of vertices: one from increment and one from decrement. But in the product, we usually consider each direction as a distinct edge, so it's a multigraph with parallel edges. However, in our problem, each side of a cell is distinct, so indeed there are two distinct edges between the same two cells if both directions lead to the same neighbor. So we must treat them as separate edges. This is important because the constraints involve which specific side is used. So the graph is the 4-regular directed? Actually undirected but with possibly parallel edges. But we can label each incident edge by its direction: up, down, left, right. So each vertex has four incident edges, each labeled by direction. Two different directions may lead to the same neighbor, but they are distinct edges. So the graph is essentially the Cayley graph of Z_H × Z_W with generators (1,0), (-1,0), (0,1), (0,-1). That's a 4-regular graph that may have parallel edges when H=2 or W=2 because (1,0) and (-1,0) are the same element mod H if H=2, but as generators they are distinct directions. So we treat them as distinct edges.

Thus, the problem is on the graph G = (V, E) where V = Z_H × Z_W, and for each v=(i,j), there are four edges: e_up(v) connecting v to (i-1 mod H, j), e_down(v) to (i+1 mod H, j), e_left(v) to (i, j-1 mod W), e_right(v) to (i, j+1 mod W). These edges are distinct even if the neighbor is same.

Now, the condition for a valid placement is: select a subset F of edges such that for each vertex v, exactly two of its four incident edges are in F, and the two edges are either adjacent (share a corner) or opposite according to type, and additionally, if an edge is in F, it must be that both endpoints have that edge selected (since the edge is either occupied by both or none). But note: In our selection model, we define x_e for each edge e. The condition "both endpoints have that edge selected" is automatically enforced if we define x_e as a global variable; it's either selected or not. So we don't need to enforce separately; it's inherent. So the constraints are: for each vertex v, the set of incident edges selected must be exactly two, and must be of the allowed type (adjacent or opposite). And the selection is global.

Thus, it's exactly a 2-factor (spanning 2-regular subgraph) in this 4-regular multigraph, with the extra restriction on which pairs of incident edges are allowed at each vertex based on its type.

Now, this is a constrained 2-factor problem.

We need to count the number of such 2-factors.

Given the structure, maybe we can transform to a problem of assigning orientations to edges? Another idea: Since each vertex must have degree 2, we can think of it as a permutation as before, but with the nuance of parallel edges. In the permutation model, we need to assign for each vertex v a neighbor π(v) such that the edge from v to π(v) is one of the four directions, and also the inverse mapping gives a neighbor. But we also need that the two edges incident to v (the one from u to v and the one from v to w) satisfy the type constraint. In the permutation model, we have both incoming and outgoing edges. However, the constraint couples them. But we could treat the permutation as a directed 2-factor, and then the type constraint becomes: the direction of the incoming edge (i.e., which side of v it comes from) and the direction of the outgoing edge must be adjacent or opposite. But note: The incoming edge arrives at v from some direction; that direction is the opposite of the direction from v to the predecessor. For example, if the predecessor u is above v (i.e., u = (i-1,j)), then the edge from u to v is the down edge from u, but from v's perspective, that edge is the up edge (since it connects v to u via v's up side). So the direction of the incoming edge at v is the direction from v to u. Similarly, the outgoing edge direction is from v to w. So indeed, the two directions at v are the directions to the predecessor and to the successor. So the constraint is on the pair (dir_to_pred, dir_to_succ). That's exactly the same as before.

Thus, the permutation model is equivalent to selecting for each vertex v a pair (in_dir, out_dir) such that in_dir and out_dir are distinct (since they correspond to two different edges) and they satisfy the type constraint, and also the mapping must be consistent globally: if v's out_dir points to w, then w's in_dir must be the opposite direction (i.e., the direction from w to v). So we have a global bijection.

This looks like a problem of counting the number of "Eulerian orientations" of a 4-regular graph? Not exactly.

Maybe we can reduce to a 2-coloring of edges? Another approach: Since each vertex must have degree 2, we can think of the complement: the edges not selected also form a 2-regular subgraph? Because each vertex has degree 4 total, so if we select 2 edges, the remaining 2 edges also form a 2-regular subgraph? Not necessarily; the remaining edges also give each vertex degree 2, so they also form a 2-factor. So the set of all edges is partitioned into two 2-factors: the selected one and the unselected one. Both are spanning 2-regular subgraphs. Moreover, the type constraints apply to the selected edges, but not to the unselected. However, note that the unselected edges also must satisfy something? No, only selected edges must satisfy the type constraint. But we could consider both factors simultaneously.

Observation: The condition that each vertex's selected edges are either adjacent or opposite is equivalent to saying that the selected edges and the unselected edges are complementary in the sense that at each vertex, the set of selected edges and the set of unselected edges are both of size 2, and they are complementary. If selected edges are adjacent, then unselected edges are also adjacent? Let's check: At a vertex, the four incident edges are up, down, left, right. If selected are adjacent, say up and right, then unselected are down and left, which are also adjacent (down and left are adjacent). If selected are opposite, say up and down, then unselected are left and right, which are opposite. So the type of the selected set determines the type of the unselected set: they are the same type (adjacent vs opposite). So if a vertex is type A (must select adjacent), then the selected set is adjacent, and the unselected set is also adjacent. If type B (must select opposite), then selected opposite, unselected opposite. So the type constraint on selected edges implies the same type constraint on unselected edges. Therefore, the problem is symmetric between selected and unselected: any valid selection of edges F corresponds to a valid selection of its complement E\F, and both satisfy the same type constraints at each vertex. So the number of valid selections is even? Not necessarily, because F and its complement are distinct unless F = E\F (which would require each vertex to have degree 2 and its complement also degree 2, but that would mean each vertex has exactly 2 selected and 2 unselected, so F = complement only if 2=2? That would require F = complement, which would imply each edge is both selected and unselected, impossible unless the graph has no edges. So they are distinct. So the total number of valid selections is even? Possibly, but not necessarily; there could be self-complementary? No.

But this symmetry might be useful for counting.

Now, note that the set of all edges E can be partitioned into two disjoint 2-factors if we can find a perfect matching of the vertices into two sets? Actually any 2-factor partitions the edges into cycles. The complement also is a 2-factor. So we are looking for a decomposition of the 4-regular graph into two edge-disjoint 2-factors, each of which respects the type constraints (with the same type assignment per vertex). So essentially we need to 2-color the edges (say red and blue) such that at each vertex, the red edges are exactly two and form an allowed pair (according to type), and similarly the blue edges are the complement and also form an allowed pair (automatically same type). So it's a proper edge 2-coloring where each color class is a 2-factor with the adjacency/opposite condition.

This is reminiscent of a "2-in 2-out" orientation? Actually if we orient edges, we could get something else.

Maybe we can transform to a spin model on the faces? Another idea: Consider the dual graph, which is also a grid on a torus. The edges of the original correspond to edges of the dual. The condition that at each vertex the selected edges are adjacent or opposite might correspond to a condition on the dual that the selected edges form a set of non-intersecting cycles? Not sure.

Let's attempt to solve by constructing a linear algebra over GF(2). Perhaps the constraints can be expressed as linear equations mod 2, and the allowed configurations correspond to solutions of a linear system, with some degrees of freedom. Then the number of solutions would be 2^{rank of something}. Let's test with sample: a even gave answer 2, which is 2^1. So maybe the number of solutions is 2^{k} where k is something like the number of independent cycles in the grid modulo 2? For a torus, the first Betti number is 2. But we got 2^1, not 2^2. Could be that k = 1 when a even, unless some additional condition reduces it.

Let's try to derive linear constraints.

Define for each vertex v, we have four incident edges. Let's assign variables to edges: for each edge e, x_e ∈ {0,1} indicates selected (1) or not (0). The constraints:

1) For each vertex v, sum_{e incident to v} x_e = 2. (degree condition)

2) For each vertex v, the set of incident edges with x_e=1 must be either an adjacent pair or opposite pair, according to type. This is a non-linear constraint.

But maybe we can encode the type constraint using additional variables that indicate which pair is chosen, and then enforce consistency across vertices. Could be that the only global constraints are parity conditions, and the number of solutions is 2^{c} where c is the number of independent cycles in a certain auxiliary graph.

Let's attempt to characterize all possible 2-factors in the 4-regular toroidal grid that satisfy the type constraints. Perhaps we can show that such a 2-factor is uniquely determined by a choice of "orientation" for each row and column? Let's explore.

Consider the grid. For each vertex, if it is type B, it must select either the horizontal pair (left+right) or vertical pair (up+down). If it is type A, it must select one of the four turns. The selection must be consistent across edges.

Think about the horizontal edges: they connect vertices in the same row. For a given row i, there are W horizontal edges (between (i,j) and (i,j+1) for j=0..W-1, with wrap). Similarly vertical edges.

Now, suppose we decide for each vertex whether it selects a horizontal edge on its left or right? Actually each vertex's selection determines which horizontal edges are incident to it. For a vertex, if it selects a horizontal edge, it could be either left, right, or both (if type B horizontal). For type A, it selects exactly one horizontal edge (since turn includes one horizontal and one vertical). For type B horizontal, it selects two horizontal edges (left and right). For type B vertical, it selects zero horizontal edges.

Thus, the pattern of horizontal edge selections must satisfy that each horizontal edge is selected by both its endpoints or by none. So if we look at a horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i,j+1), it is selected iff both vertices (i,j) and (i,j+1) have that edge as part of their selected set. That means that for vertex (i,j), its selection must include the right edge if and only if vertex (i,j+1) includes the left edge. So we can think of a binary variable on each horizontal edge indicating selection, and it must be consistent with the vertex choices.

Similarly for vertical edges.

Now, perhaps we can reduce to a problem of assigning a direction of "flow" along rows and columns. Consider the following: For each vertex, define two bits: one indicating whether the horizontal edge to the right is selected (call r_{i,j}), and one indicating whether the vertical edge down is selected (d_{i,j}). But we also need left and up, but those are determined by neighbors: left of (i,j) is right of (i,j-1); up of (i,j) is down of (i-1,j). So if we define r_{i,j} for the edge between (i,j) and (i,j+1) (right edge of (i,j)), and d_{i,j} for the edge between (i,j) and (i+1,j) (down edge of (i,j)), then the selection status of all edges is determined by these variables, with the condition that for each edge, the two endpoints agree: For horizontal edge between (i,j) and (i,j+1), we have r_{i,j} must equal the left selection of (i,j+1). But the left selection of (i,j+1) is r_{i,j+1-1? Actually left of (i,j+1) is the edge between (i,j) and (i,j+1) but from the perspective of (i,j+1), it's the left edge. That is the same edge, so we need consistency: r_{i,j} (right of (i,j)) should equal l_{i,j+1} (left of (i,j+1)). But we haven't defined l. However, we can define l_{i,j} as the selection of the left edge of (i,j), which is the same as r_{i,j-1} (right edge of (i,j-1)). So consistency is automatically enforced if we define r and d globally and then derive left/up from neighbors. So we can treat r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} as independent binary variables? But they must satisfy vertex constraints.

At vertex (i,j), the four incident edges are: up = d_{i-1,j} (down edge of (i-1,j)), down = d_{i,j}, left = r_{i,j-1}, right = r_{i,j}. The selected set at (i,j) is the set of these four variables that are 1. The degree condition: up + down + left + right = 2. And the type condition: the set of indices where the value is 1 must be either an adjacent pair or opposite pair.

Thus, we have a system of equations and constraints on the binary variables r_{i,j} (for i=0..H-1, j=0..W-1) and d_{i,j} (similarly). The total number of variables is 2HW. The constraints are local per vertex.

Now, this is a 2D binary constraint system. It might be solvable via transfer matrix, but we need a closed form.

Let's write the constraints explicitly.

Let u = d_{i-1,j}, d = d_{i,j}, l = r_{i,j-1}, r = r_{i,j}.

We have:
(1) u + d + l + r = 2 (mod? Actually integer sum equals 2, not modulo 2; it's an integer equation over {0,1}. So it's a constraint that exactly two of these four are 1.

(2) The set of positions with 1 must be allowed: if type A, allowed sets are {u,r}, {r,d}, {d,l}, {l,u} (adjacent pairs). If type B, allowed sets are {u,d} (opposite vertical) or {l,r} (opposite horizontal).

Note that {u,d} corresponds to vertical straight, {l,r} horizontal straight.

So for type A, the allowed patterns are those where exactly one horizontal and one vertical edge are selected, and they are adjacent. For type B, allowed patterns are either both verticals selected (u=d=1, l=r=0) or both horizontals selected (l=r=1, u=d=0).

Now, we can attempt to solve these constraints globally.

Observation: For type A vertices, the condition u+d+l+r=2 and exactly one of {u,d} is 1 and exactly one of {l,r} is 1? Actually adjacent pairs: they always consist of one horizontal and one vertical. So for type A, we must have exactly one horizontal selected (either l or r) and exactly one vertical selected (either u or d). And additionally, the selected horizontal and vertical must be adjacent, meaning that if the selected horizontal is left (l=1), then the selected vertical must be either up or down? Adjacent pairs: (l,u), (u,r), (r,d), (d,l). So the condition is: (l=1 and u=1) OR (u=1 and r=1) OR (r=1 and d=1) OR (d=1 and l=1). In all these, exactly one of l,r is 1 and exactly one of u,d is 1, and they are not opposite? Actually they are adjacent, so the selected horizontal and vertical are on the same side? For (l,u): left and up are adjacent; (u,r): up and right; (r,d): right and down; (d,l): down and left. So indeed, the selected horizontal and vertical must be such that the horizontal is on the same side as the vertical? More precisely, if the selected horizontal is left, then the vertical must be up or down? Actually (l,u) and (d,l) both have l=1; in (l,u), vertical is up; in (d,l), vertical is down. So left can pair with up or down. Similarly right can pair with up or down. So the condition is: exactly one of l,r is 1; exactly one of u,d is 1; and additionally, it is not allowed that the selected horizontal is left and the selected vertical is down? Wait (d,l) is allowed, which is left and down. So left can pair with down. So actually any combination where exactly one horizontal and one vertical is selected is allowed? Let's check: The four allowed pairs are (l,u), (u,r), (r,d), (d,l). These are exactly the four combinations where the selected horizontal and vertical are on the same "corner": i.e., if you go clockwise, the selected edges are consecutive. The combinations that are not allowed are (l,d) and (r,u)? Actually (l,d) is left and down, which are adjacent? Left and down share a corner? Yes, left and down are adjacent (they meet at the bottom-left corner). Wait, the tile connects midpoints of two adjacent edges. Adjacent edges share a vertex (corner). So left and down are adjacent (they meet at the bottom-left corner). So why isn't (l,d) listed? Let's list all adjacent pairs: The four edges are up, right, down, left. Adjacent pairs are those that share a corner: up & right (top-right corner), right & down (bottom-right), down & left (bottom-left), left & up (top-left). So (down, left) is indeed an adjacent pair. But in our notation, (d,l) corresponds to down and left, which is allowed. So (l,d) is the same as (d,l) (order doesn't matter). So (l,d) is allowed. Similarly (r,u) is up and right, which is allowed. So actually all four combinations of one horizontal and one vertical are allowed? Let's see: The four possible combinations of one horizontal (left or right) and one vertical (up or down) are: (l,u), (l,d), (r,u), (r,d). Are these all adjacent? (l,u) adjacent (top-left), (l,d) adjacent (bottom-left), (r,u) adjacent (top-right), (r,d) adjacent (bottom-right). Yes, all four are adjacent! Because any horizontal edge and any vertical edge share a corner? Actually left and up share top-left corner; left and down share bottom-left; right and up share top-right; right and down share bottom-right. So indeed, any pair consisting of one horizontal and one vertical is adjacent. Wait, is that true? Consider left and up: they meet at the top-left corner of the cell. Left and down meet at bottom-left. Right and up meet at top-right. Right and down meet at bottom-right. So yes, any combination of one horizontal and one vertical edge are adjacent because they are perpendicular and meet at a corner. So for a square cell, any horizontal edge and any vertical edge are adjacent (they share a corner). The only pairs that are not adjacent are two horizontals (left and right) which are opposite, and two verticals (up and down) which are opposite. So the classification is simple: Type A allows exactly one horizontal and one vertical (any combination). Type B allows either two horizontals or two verticals.

Thus, the type constraint can be rephrased as:

- For type A: exactly one of {l,r} is 1, and exactly one of {u,d} is 1. (Because total sum 2, and if exactly one horizontal and one vertical, automatically sum 2; also the condition that they are adjacent is automatically satisfied because any horizontal and vertical are adjacent. So no further restriction.)

- For type B: either (l=r=1, u=d=0) or (u=d=1, l=r=0). That is, either both horizontals selected and no verticals, or both verticals selected and no horizontals.

This is a crucial simplification! Indeed, in a square, any horizontal and vertical edges are adjacent. So type A just requires exactly one horizontal and one vertical. Type B requires either both horizontals or both verticals.

Thus, the constraints become linear? Let's see.

For type A vertex: l + r = 1, u + d = 1. (since exactly one horizontal selected, exactly one vertical selected). For type B vertex: either (l = r = 1, u = d = 0) or (u = d = 1, l = r = 0). That's not linear because it's a disjunction. But we can introduce a binary variable indicating whether the vertex chooses horizontal or vertical orientation. Let's define for each vertex v a variable t_v ∈ {0,1} where t_v = 0 means the vertex selects the horizontal pair (both horizontals), t_v = 1 means selects the vertical pair (both verticals). Then for type B, we have: if t_v=0 then l=r=1, u=d=0; if t_v=1 then u=d=1, l=r=0. For type A, we have l+r=1, u+d=1, but no t_v needed (though we could also think of t_v as something else). However, note that for type A, the condition l+r=1 and u+d=1 is linear. So type A imposes two linear equations over integers (but since variables are 0/1, these are constraints). Type B imposes a choice between two linear configurations.

Now, we also have the consistency that the variables r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} are shared between neighboring vertices. So we have a system of equations and choices.

Let's write the equations for each vertex (i,j). Let's denote:

r_{i,j} = right edge of (i,j) (horizontal edge to (i,j+1))
d_{i,j} = down edge of (i,j) (vertical edge to (i+1,j))

Then at vertex (i,j):

left = r_{i,j-1} (with indices mod W)
up = d_{i-1,j} (mod H)

So constraints:

If S_{ij} = 'A':
(1) r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 1   (since left + right = 1)
(2) d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 1   (up + down = 1)

If S_{ij} = 'B':
Either (case H): r_{i,j-1} = r_{i,j} = 1 and d_{i-1,j} = d_{i,j} = 0
Or (case V): d_{i-1,j} = d_{i,j} = 1 and r_{i,j-1} = r_{i,j} = 0

Note that in the B case, the equations become:
Either (r_{i,j-1} = 1, r_{i,j}=1, d_{i-1,j}=0, d_{i,j}=0) or (r_{i,j-1}=0, r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}=1, d_{i,j}=1).

So for B vertices, the values of the incident edges are forced to be either all horizontal edges 1 and vertical 0, or all vertical 1 and horizontal 0.

Now, this is a system that can be analyzed.

We have variables r_{i,j} for i=0..H-1, j=0..W-1, and d_{i,j} similarly. Total 2HW binary variables.

The constraints couple them locally.

We can attempt to solve for r and d in terms of some free variables.

First, consider the equations for type A vertices: they give linear equations over GF(2)? Actually the equations are over integers but with binary variables, they are constraints that the sum equals 1. This is not a linear equation over GF(2) because 1+1=0 mod 2 but sum=1 is not a mod2 condition. However, we can treat them as constraints that the two variables are opposite? Since they are 0/1, r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 1 means r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1}. So it's a deterministic relation: r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1}. Similarly, d_{i,j} = 1 - d_{i-1,j}. So for type A vertices, the values of r along a row are forced to alternate, and similarly d down a column alternate. More precisely, for a fixed row i, if we have a sequence of type A vertices in that row, then r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1} for each such vertex. That means that along a row, r values must alternate between 0 and 1 as we move across columns, but only at columns where the vertex is type A. If there is a type B vertex, the relation is different.

Similarly, for a fixed column j, d values alternate down the column at type A vertices.

Now, for type B vertices, they force both r's (left and right) to be equal (both 0 or both 1) and both d's to be equal (both 0 or both 1), and also the choice of which pair is selected (horizontal or vertical) determines the actual values: if horizontal, then r's =1, d's=0; if vertical, then r's=0, d's=1. So at a type B vertex, we have two possibilities, but they force the r's to be equal and the d's to be equal, and also the values are tied: either (r=1,d=0) or (r=0,d=1). So essentially, at a type B vertex, we have a binary choice t (0 for horizontal, 1 for vertical), and then r_{i,j-1}=r_{i,j}=1-t? Wait, if t=0 (horizontal), then r=1, d=0. If t=1 (vertical), then r=0, d=1. So we can write: r_{i,j-1}=r_{i,j}=1-t, and d_{i-1,j}=d_{i,j}=t. Actually check: t=0 => r=1, d=0 => r=1, d=0. t=1 => r=0, d=1 => r=0, d=1. So r = 1-t, d = t. So at a B vertex, the r values (left and right) are equal to 1-t, and the d values (up and down) are equal to t.

Thus, for a B vertex, we have:
r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1} = 1 - t_{i,j}
d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j} = t_{i,j}
where t_{i,j} ∈ {0,1} is the choice variable for that vertex.

Now, note that these equations also impose consistency between neighboring vertices. For example, r_{i,j} appears in two vertices: as the right edge of (i,j) and as the left edge of (i,j+1). So the constraints from both vertices must agree.

We can attempt to propagate constraints across the grid.

Let's denote for each cell (i,j) we have variables r_{i,j} and d_{i,j}. The constraints are:

For each (i,j):

If A:
( A1 ) r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1}
( A2 ) d_{i,j} = 1 - d_{i-1,j}

If B:
( B1 ) r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1}
( B2 ) d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j}
and additionally, r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} are not independent: they must satisfy r_{i,j} = 1 - t, d_{i,j} = t for some t ∈ {0,1}. But that is equivalent to r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1, and also r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1}, d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j}. Wait, from B1 and B2 we have r_{i,j}=r_{i,j-1} and d_{i,j}=d_{i-1,j}. The extra condition that the vertex selects either horizontal or vertical implies that exactly one of the two pairs is selected, i.e., either (r=1,d=0) or (r=0,d=1). This can be expressed as r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1? Check: if r=1,d=0 => sum=1; if r=0,d=1 => sum=1. So indeed, for a B vertex, we must have r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1. But is that automatically enforced by B1 and B2? Not necessarily; we need to impose it. So for B, we have:
r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1}
d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j}
r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1

Also note that from A vertices, we have r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1 and d_{i,j} + d_{i-1,j} = 1, which implies r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1} and d_{i,j} = 1 - d_{i-1,j}. So for A, we also have r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} is not necessarily 1; it could be 0,1,2? Since r and d are independent? Actually from A, r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} are not directly linked; they come from separate equations. However, note that the vertex condition also requires that exactly one horizontal and one vertical are selected, which is already enforced by r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=1 and d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1. There's no extra constraint linking r and d. So for A, r and d can be any values satisfying those equations, but they are determined by the neighboring r and d values.

Now, we have a system of equations that are mostly linear over the integers (with binary variables) but with the additional condition for B that r+d=1, which is also linear. So overall, the constraints are linear equations over the integers modulo? Actually they are equations over the set {0,1} with integer addition, but we can treat them as linear equations over GF(2) if we are careful? Let's see: r_{i,j} = 1 - r_{i,j-1} is equivalent to r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1. Over GF(2), addition is mod 2, so r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1 mod 2 is the same as r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1 (since 1 mod 2 is 1). However, over GF(2), the equation r + s = 1 means r = 1 + s (mod 2), which is the same as r = 1 - s since -s = s mod 2. So it's equivalent. So the equation r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1 is linear over GF(2). Similarly, d_{i,j} + d_{i-1,j} = 1 is linear. For B, we have r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 0? Actually B1 says r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1}, which over GF(2) is r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 0. That's linear. B2: d_{i,j} + d_{i-1,j} = 0. And the extra condition r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1 is also linear. So all constraints are linear equations over GF(2)! Because the variables are 0/1, and the equations are of the form sum of some variables = 0 or 1 mod 2. However, note that the equation r_{i,j} + r_{i,j-1} = 1 is not homogeneous; it's an affine equation. But we can treat it as a linear equation over GF(2) with a constant term. So the system is an affine linear system over GF(2). The number of solutions (if any) would be 2^{number of free variables} = 2^{N_variables - rank}, where rank is the rank of the coefficient matrix over GF(2) after moving constants to the other side.

But wait, are there any other constraints? The variables must be 0 or 1, but that's already captured. Also, we must ensure that the selections correspond to a valid 2-factor, i.e., that the degree condition is satisfied. However, we have encoded the degree condition via the vertex constraints. But are we missing the condition that the selected edges indeed form a 2-factor (i.e., that the selected edges give each vertex degree 2)? We have enforced exactly two incident edges selected via the constraints: For A, we enforced exactly one horizontal and one vertical, which gives degree 2. For B, we enforced either both horizontals or both verticals, which also gives degree 2. So degree condition is satisfied. Also, we enforced consistency of edge selection via the shared variables (r and d). So the system of equations fully captures the valid placements. However, we must also ensure that the selected edges indeed form a collection of cycles (i.e., no vertex has degree 2 but the graph might have a component that is not a cycle? Actually any 2-regular graph is a disjoint union of cycles, so that's fine. There's no extra condition about connectivity or something. So solving this linear system over GF(2) should give the number of valid placements.

But is it really linear? Let's double-check: For type A, we have r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 1 and d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 1. That's two independent equations. For type B, we have r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 0, d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 0, and r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1. That's three equations. However, note that the variables r and d are shared among multiple vertices. So overall we have a system of linear equations over GF(2) with variables r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} (2HW variables). The equations are per vertex, but some may be redundant.

We need to count the number of solutions to this affine system. Since it's linear over GF(2), the number of solutions is either 0 or 2^{free}. So the answer will be a power of 2 (or 0). The sample outputs are 2 and 0, consistent with powers of 2 (2^1). So likely the answer is either 0 or 2^k for some k.

Now, we need to compute the number of solutions efficiently for each test case, given H,W up to 1e6 total. We need to compute the rank of the linear system (or the dimension of solution space) over GF(2). Since the system is sparse and structured, we can perhaps find a closed form for the number of solutions in terms of H, W, and the pattern of A/B.

Let's formalize the equations.

Variables: For each cell (i,j), we have r_{i,j} ∈ GF(2) and d_{i,j} ∈ GF(2). Total N = 2HW.

Equations:

For each cell (i,j):

If S_{ij} = 'A':
(E1) r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 1
(E2) d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 1

If S_{ij} = 'B':
(E3) r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 0
(E4) d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 0
(E5) r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1

Indices are modulo H and W.

Note: For B, we have three equations, but note that (E3) and (E4) are homogeneous, (E5) is inhomogeneous.

We must be careful: The equations involve r and d with shifted indices. This is a linear system on a torus.

We can attempt to solve by expressing r and d in terms of some base variables.

First, observe that for any vertex, regardless of type, we can write the equation for r along the row. Consider a fixed row i. The equations involve r_{i,j-1} and r_{i,j}. For each column j, we have an equation depending on type at (i,j). This gives a system of W equations for the W variables r_{i,0},..., r_{i,W-1} (since indices mod W). Similarly, for each column j, we have equations for d along the column.

But note that the equations for r and d are coupled only through the B vertices' equation (E5): r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1. So the coupling occurs at B cells.

Thus, we can first solve the r and d systems separately, ignoring (E5), and then impose the coupling constraints.

Let's analyze the r-equations. For each row i, we have for each column j an equation:

If A at (i,j): r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 1
If B at (i,j): r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = 0

This is a linear system on a cycle of length W (since indices mod W). The variables are r_{i,0..W-1}. The equations are of the form r_{i,j-1} + r_{i,j} = b_{i,j}, where b_{i,j} = 1 if A, 0 if B.

Similarly, for each column j, we have for each row i an equation on d:

If A at (i,j): d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 1
If B at (i,j): d_{i-1,j} + d_{i,j} = 0

This is a system on a cycle of length H.

Now, these are independent across rows for r, and across columns for d, except for the coupling via (E5) at B cells.

So first, we can determine the number of solutions for r given the row equations, and similarly for d given the column equations. Then we need to count the number of pairs (r,d) that satisfy the coupling constraints at B cells.

But note: The row equations for r involve only r variables in that row. They are independent across rows? Actually each row's r variables appear only in that row's equations; there is no cross-row coupling in the r equations. So the r system decomposes into H independent cycles. Similarly, d system decomposes into W independent cycles.

Thus, we can solve each row's r system separately, and each column's d system separately.

Now, for a cycle of length L with equations: for each vertex (position) k (0-indexed), we have x_{k-1} + x_k = b_k (indices mod L), where x_k are binary variables, b_k are given (0 or 1). This is a linear system on a cycle. Let's analyze its solutions.

We have L equations, but they are not independent. Summing all equations: sum_{k=0}^{L-1} (x_{k-1}+x_k) = sum b_k. The left side: each x_k appears twice, so sum = 2 * sum x_k ≡ 0 mod 2. So we get 0 = sum b_k mod 2. Thus, a necessary condition for solvability is that the sum of b_k over the cycle is even (i.e., ∑ b_k ≡ 0 mod 2). If this holds, then the system has solutions, and the number of solutions is 2^{1} (i.e., 2) because the rank is L-1? Let's compute.

The equations are linear over GF(2). The coefficient matrix is the incidence matrix of a cycle. The rank of the cycle graph's edge-vertex incidence matrix over GF(2) is L-1 if the graph is connected (which it is). Actually the system x_{k-1}+x_k = b_k can be written as M x = b, where M is an L×L matrix with ones on the diagonal and on the superdiagonal (with wrap). The rank of M over GF(2) is L-1 if the sum of rows is zero (which it is because each column appears twice). Indeed, the nullspace dimension is 1: if x is a solution, then x + (1,1,...,1) is also a solution? Let's check: Adding 1 to all x_k changes each equation: (x_{k-1}+1)+(x_k+1) = x_{k-1}+x_k + 0 (since 1+1=0). So the all-ones vector is in the nullspace. So the nullspace is {0, (1,1,...,1)}. So if there is a particular solution, then there are exactly 2 solutions. The condition for existence is that b is orthogonal to the left nullspace? The left nullspace consists of the vector (1,1,...,1) because sum of equations gives 0 = sum b. So condition: sum b = 0 mod 2. So for each row i, the r system has solutions iff the number of A's in that row (since b=1 for A, 0 for B) is even. Because sum b = (# of A in row i) mod 2. So condition: each row must have an even number of A's? Wait, b=1 for A, 0 for B, so sum b = number of A in that row. So necessary condition: for each row i, the number of A cells in that row must be even. Similarly, for each column j, the d system requires that the number of A cells in that column is even (since b=1 for A in the column equations). Because for column j, the equations are d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1 if A, 0 if B, so sum over i of b = number of A in column j. So necessary condition: each column must have an even number of A's.

But is that condition actually required? Let's test with sample 1: H=3,W=3. Row0: AAB -> A count 2 (even). Row1: AAB -> 2 (even). Row2: BBB -> 0 (even). Columns: col0: A, A, B -> 2 A (even). col1: A, A, B -> 2 A (even). col2: B, B, B -> 0 (even). So condition holds. Sample 2: Row0: BBA -> A count 1 (odd). So condition fails, thus no solutions, output 0. Sample 3: H=3,W=4. Row0: BAAB -> A count 2 (even). Row1: BABA -> A count 2 (even). Row2: BBAA -> A count 2 (even). Columns: col0: B,B,B -> 0 even; col1: A,A,B -> 2 even; col2: A,B,A -> 2 even; col3: B,A,A -> 2 even. So condition holds. Output 2. So far consistent.

Thus, necessary conditions: every row and every column must contain an even number of A's. If any row or column has odd number of A's, answer 0.

Now, assuming these conditions hold, each row's r system has exactly 2 solutions (since once a particular solution is found, adding all-ones gives another). Similarly, each column's d system has exactly 2 solutions. So total number of (r,d) pairs without coupling would be 2^{H} * 2^{W} = 2^{H+W}. But we must also satisfy the coupling constraints at B cells: for each B cell (i,j), we require r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1.

Now, note that the r variables are determined up to a global flip per row? Actually each row's r solution set is an affine space of dimension 1: all solutions are of the form x^{(i)} + c_i * (1,1,...,1), where c_i ∈ {0,1} is a free bit for that row. Similarly, each column's d solution set is an affine space of dimension 1: y^{(j)} + e_j * (1,1,...,1), where e_j ∈ {0,1} is a free bit for that column. Here x^{(i)} is a particular solution for row i, and y^{(j)} is a particular solution for column j.

Thus, we can parameterize r_{i,j} = r^0_{i,j} + a_i, where a_i ∈ GF(2) is the row flip (adding 1 to all entries in row i). But careful: Adding the all-ones vector to a row toggles every r_{i,j} in that row. Since the solution set is {particular + a_i * 1_vector}. So r_{i,j} = r^{(i)}_j + a_i, where r^{(i)}_j is a fixed particular solution for row i (depending on the pattern of A/B in that row). Similarly, d_{i,j} = d^{(j)}_i + b_j, where d^{(j)}_i is a particular solution for column j (depending on pattern in that column), and b_j is a column flip bit.

Now, we need to satisfy for each B cell (i,j): r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = 1.

Plug in: (r^{(i)}_j + a_i) + (d^{(j)}_i + b_j) = 1 => r^{(i)}_j + d^{(j)}_i + a_i + b_j = 1.

Let c_{i,j} = r^{(i)}_j + d^{(j)}_i. This is a known constant (0 or 1) computed from the particular solutions. Then the condition becomes:

a_i + b_j = 1 + c_{i,j}   (mod 2)

Or equivalently, a_i + b_j = d_{i,j}, where d_{i,j} = 1 + c_{i,j} (mod 2).

So for each B cell, we have a linear equation relating the row flip a_i and column flip b_j.

For A cells, there is no coupling constraint (since the type A condition already satisfied by the row/column equations, and no extra link between r and d). So only B cells impose equations.

Thus, we have a system of equations over GF(2): for each B cell (i,j), a_i + b_j = k_{i,j}, where k_{i,j} is known (0 or 1). This is a bipartite linear system. The variables are a_i for i=0..H-1 and b_j for j=0..W-1. Total H+W variables.

We need to count the number of assignments (a_i, b_j) ∈ GF(2)^{H+W} that satisfy all these equations. The number of solutions is either 0 or 2^{H+W - rank}, where rank is the rank of the coefficient matrix of this system.

The coefficient matrix has rows corresponding to B cells, each row has a 1 in the column for a_i and a 1 in the column for b_j, and the right-hand side is k_{i,j}. This is essentially a bipartite graph with edges representing equations. The system is consistent iff the sum of k over any cycle has appropriate parity? Actually it's a linear system over GF(2) of the form a_i + b_j = k_{i,j}. This is a classic problem: such a system is solvable iff for any two paths between the same vertices, the parity condition holds. More concretely, if we consider the bipartite graph, we can fix a_i arbitrarily for one component, then b_j determined, and consistency requires that for any cycle, the sum of k's around the cycle is 0 mod 2. Because going around a cycle, adding equations gives sum of (a_i+b_j) = sum k, but left side cancels (each a_i and b_j appears twice), so sum k must be 0. So necessary and sufficient condition: For every cycle in the bipartite graph, the sum of k_{i,j} over edges in the cycle must be 0 mod 2. Equivalently, the values k must be such that they can be expressed as a_i + b_j. This is possible iff for any two vertices in the same connected component, the difference between any two a_i assignments is consistent. In practice, we can check consistency by picking a spanning tree and assigning a_i, b_j accordingly, then checking that all other edges satisfy the equation. So the number of solutions, if consistent, is 2^{number of connected components of the bipartite graph} (since each component can have one free variable, e.g., choose a_i for one vertex, then all others determined). Actually careful: The system a_i + b_j = k_{i,j} has H+W variables. If the bipartite graph is connected, then once we choose a_i for one vertex, all others are determined uniquely (by traversing edges). So there are 2 solutions (choose a_i=0 or 1). If the graph has multiple connected components, each component can have its own free variable, so number of solutions = 2^{#components}. But also there might be isolated vertices (rows or columns with no B cells). For a row i with no B cells, a_i is unconstrained by any equation, so it's a free variable. Similarly for a column j with no B cells, b_j is free. However, note that such isolated vertices are separate components in the bipartite graph? The bipartite graph has vertices for rows and columns, edges for B cells. A row with no B cells is an isolated vertex (no edges). It forms its own component (just that vertex). In the equation system, there is no equation involving a_i, so a_i is free. Similarly for an isolated column. So indeed, each connected component contributes one degree of freedom (the choice of a_i for one vertex in that component, or if component is a single isolated vertex, that variable is free). So total number of solutions = 2^{c}, where c is the number of connected components in the bipartite graph of B cells (including isolated rows and columns as components). But wait, is that always true? Let's verify: For a component that is not just a single vertex, we have equations linking a_i and b_j. The system within a connected component has rank = (number of vertices in component) - 1, because the sum of all equations gives 0=0, and the graph is connected so the incidence matrix has rank = n-1 over GF(2) (where n = number of vertices in the component). So the solution space dimension = 1. So indeed each component contributes 1 free variable. For an isolated vertex (no edges), there are no equations involving that variable, so it's free, dimension 1 as well. So total free variables = number of connected components of the bipartite graph (including isolated vertices). So number of solutions = 2^{#components}.

But we must also consider that the particular solutions r^{(i)}_j and d^{(j)}_i are not unique; we chose some particular solutions. However, the parameterization with a_i and b_j assumes we have fixed a particular solution for each row and column. The number of overall (r,d) solutions should be the number of (a_i,b_j) assignments that satisfy the B constraints, multiplied by the number of particular solution choices? Wait, we already accounted for the degrees of freedom within each row and column: each row's r system had 2 solutions, which we parameterized as r^{(i)} + a_i. But note that the particular solution r^{(i)} is not unique; we could choose a different base particular solution. However, the set of all solutions for row i is exactly {r^{(i)} + a_i * 1}. If we pick a different particular solution, say r'^{(i)} = r^{(i)} + 1 (i.e., flipping all bits), then the parameter a_i would shift accordingly. But the overall set of (r,d) pairs is the same regardless of how we parameterize. In our counting, we need to count the total number of (r,d) pairs that satisfy all equations. Our approach: first, for each row i, the r variables can be any of the 2 solutions (since the row system has 2 solutions). Similarly for each column j, d variables can be any of the 2 solutions. So there are 2^H * 2^W = 2^{H+W} total (r,d) pairs before imposing B coupling. Then we impose the B constraints, which reduce the count. The number of (r,d) pairs satisfying B constraints is equal to the number of (a_i,b_j) assignments that satisfy the equations, but multiplied by something? Actually each (r,d) pair corresponds uniquely to a choice of a particular solution per row and per column plus the flips a_i, b_j. But careful: The mapping from (r,d) to (a_i,b_j) depends on the choice of particular solutions. However, if we fix a set of particular solutions (one per row and one per column), then each (r,d) pair can be represented uniquely as (r^{(i)} + a_i, d^{(j)} + b_j) for some a_i, b_j. Because for each row i, r_i must be one of the two solutions; we can set a_i = 0 if r_i = r^{(i)}, and a_i = 1 if r_i = r^{(i)} + 1. This is a bijection between the set of all (r,d) pairs and the set of all (a_i,b_j) assignments (since each row has exactly 2 possibilities, each column 2). Indeed, there are 2^H choices for the row flips and 2^W for column flips, total 2^{H+W} assignments, matching the total number of (r,d) pairs. So the mapping is bijective if we fix the particular solutions. Therefore, the number of (r,d) satisfying B constraints is exactly the number of (a_i,b_j) assignments satisfying the linear equations a_i + b_j = k_{i,j} for all B cells, where k_{i,j} = 1 + (r^{(i)}_j + d^{(j)}_i) (mod 2). Note that k_{i,j} depends on the chosen particular solutions. However, the number of solutions (a_i,b_j) that satisfy these equations might depend on the particular solutions? But the overall count of (r,d) pairs should be independent of the choice of particular solutions, as long as we count correctly. Since the mapping is bijective, the number of (r,d) satisfying constraints equals the number of (a_i,b_j) satisfying the equations derived from those particular solutions. But if we choose different particular solutions, the k_{i,j} will change, potentially altering the set of (a_i,b_j) that satisfy the equations. However, the number of (r,d) solutions is invariant, so the number of (a_i,b_j) solutions should be the same regardless of the choice of particular solutions. So we can compute it using any convenient particular solutions.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Given the grid with A/B, first check that each row and each column has an even number of A's. If not, answer 0. Otherwise, for each row i, pick a particular solution for r_i (a binary vector of length W) satisfying the row equations. For each column j, pick a particular solution for d^j (a binary vector of length H) satisfying the column equations. Then compute for each B cell (i,j) the value k_{i,j} = 1 + (r^{(i)}_j + d^{(j)}_i) mod 2. Then consider the bipartite graph with left vertices rows, right vertices columns, edges for B cells with weight k_{i,j}. The number of solutions for (a_i,b_j) is 2^{c}, where c is the number of connected components of this bipartite graph (including isolated vertices), provided the system is consistent. But is consistency automatically guaranteed given the row/column parity conditions? Possibly yes, but we must verify. There might be additional constraints from the fact that the particular solutions are not arbitrary; they must be consistent with the B cell equations in the sense that the derived k_{i,j} must allow a solution. However, if the row/column parity conditions hold, does that guarantee that the system a_i + b_j = k_{i,j} is consistent? Not necessarily; there could be a cycle condition that fails. We need to check if the k_{i,j} derived from particular solutions satisfy that for any cycle, the sum of k's is 0. This condition might be automatically satisfied due to the global consistency of the original system? Let's test with a small example where row/column parity holds but the B constraints might be inconsistent. We need to see if such a case can occur.

Consider a 2x2 grid with all B? But all B means each cell is B. Row0: two B's -> A count 0 even. Row1: 0 even. Column0: 0 even, column1: 0 even. So parity conditions satisfied. Now, can we have a valid placement? Let's try to see if there exists a 2-factor with all vertices type B (straight). Each vertex must choose either horizontal or vertical. The grid is 2x2 torus. Let's attempt to find a configuration. We need to assign each vertex either H or V such that the edge selections are consistent. This is like a 2-coloring of vertices? Let's try: Suppose all choose horizontal. Then each vertex selects left and right edges. Then horizontal edges: each row has two vertices, each selecting both left and right. But note that the horizontal edge between (0,0) and (0,1) would be selected by both? (0,0) right edge selected, (0,1) left edge selected, so that edge is selected (both endpoints). Similarly the other horizontal edges. Vertical edges: none selected because all vertices have d=0. But then check vertical edges: e.g., between (0,0) and (1,0): (0,0) down edge not selected, (1,0) up edge not selected, so that edge is not selected, consistent. So this seems valid. Similarly all vertical would also work. Are there mixed assignments? Suppose (0,0) horizontal, (0,1) vertical, (1,0) vertical, (1,1) horizontal. Let's see if consistent. Need to check edges. This might also work. So there may be multiple solutions. Let's count using our linear method.

For all B, the row equations for r: For each row i, we have equations r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0 for all j (since B). So that forces all r in a row to be equal (since r_{i,j}=r_{i,j-1}). So r_{i,j} = constant per row, say r_i (0 or 1). Similarly, d_{i,j} = constant per column? Wait, column equations for d: d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0, so all d in a column equal, say d_j. So r_i and d_j are independent bits. Now B constraints: for each cell (i,j), we need r_i + d_j = 1 (since r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=1). So we have r_i + d_j = 1 for all i,j. This implies that for any i1,i2, r_i1 + d_j = 1 and r_i2 + d_j = 1 => r_i1 = r_i2. So all r_i equal. Similarly, all d_j equal. And then r + d = 1. So solutions: either (r_i=0 for all i, d_j=1 for all j) or (r_i=1, d_j=0). So 2 solutions. Our method: particular solutions: for each row, we can choose r_i = 0 as particular solution (since all equal). For each column, choose d_j = 0 as particular solution. Then compute k_{i,j} = 1 + (r^{(i)}_j + d^{(j)}_i) = 1 + (0+0)=1. So equation a_i + b_j = 1 for all B cells. The bipartite graph is complete (all edges). The system a_i + b_j = 1 for all i,j. This system: if we fix a_0, then b_j = 1 + a_0 for all j, and then for any other i, a_i must satisfy a_i + b_j = 1 => a_i = 1 + b_j = 1 + (1 + a_0) = a_0. So all a_i equal, and b_j equal, with a_i + b_j = 1. So there are 2 solutions (a_i=0,b_j=1 or a_i=1,b_j=0). The bipartite graph is connected (since all rows connected to all columns), so number of components = 1? Actually the graph has H+W vertices, but it's connected (since any row connects to all columns, and columns connect to rows). So c = 1, giving 2^1 = 2 solutions, matching. Good.

Now, consider a case where parity holds but maybe inconsistency arises. Let's try a 2x2 grid with pattern: A at (0,0), B elsewhere? But then row0: A,B -> A count 1 odd, so parity fails. So not allowed.

We need a case where each row and column has even number of A's, but the B constraints might be inconsistent. Let's attempt a 3x3 with some A and B such that parity holds. For instance, all A? Then each row has 3 A's (odd), so parity fails. So not allowed.

What about a 4x4 with a checkerboard of A and B? Let's test: Suppose we set A on black squares, B on white. Then each row has 2 A (if W=4, even), each column 2 A (even). So parity holds. Now, can we find a valid placement? Possibly yes. But could there be inconsistency? Let's attempt to see using linear equations. For A cells, we have r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=1 and d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1. For B cells, we have r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0, and r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=1. This is a linear system. We can attempt to solve generically. Since it's linear, either it has solutions or not. The parity conditions are necessary for the row and column subsystems to have solutions. But are they also sufficient for the whole system? Possibly yes, because the only additional constraints are the B coupling equations, which might impose further parity conditions on cycles. But maybe those are automatically satisfied given the row/column parity? Let's test with a small example that satisfies row/column parity but might still be inconsistent.

Consider H=2, W=2, with A at (0,0) and (1,1), B at (0,1) and (1,0). So grid:
(0,0)=A, (0,1)=B
(1,0)=B, (1,1)=A
Check rows: row0: A,B -> A count 1 odd -> fails. So not allowed.

Consider H=2, W=4 maybe. Let's try to construct a case where each row has even A, each column even A, but the B constraints cause inconsistency. We need to examine the cycle condition for the bipartite system a_i+b_j=k_{i,j}. The k_{i,j} are derived from particular solutions. The consistency condition for that system is that for any cycle, sum of k's = 0 mod 2. This condition might be equivalent to some global condition involving the A pattern. Perhaps it always holds when row/column parity holds. Let's attempt to derive k_{i,j} in terms of the given data.

We can choose particular solutions for r and d in a canonical way. For each row i, we can solve the r system by setting r_{i,0} = 0 (or some value) and then propagate using the equations. Since the row is a cycle, we need to ensure consistency; the condition that the number of A's in the row is even guarantees that after going around the cycle, we return to the same value. So we can define r_{i,j} recursively: start with r_{i,0}=0, then for j=1..W-1, set r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1} + b_{i,j} (mod 2), where b_{i,j} = 1 if A at (i,j), 0 if B. But careful: The equation at (i,j) is r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=b_{i,j}. So r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1} + b_{i,j}. This works for j=1..W-1. For the last equation involving r_{i,W-1}+r_{i,0}=b_{i,0} (since (i,0) uses left = r_{i,W-1} and right = r_{i,0}), we need to check consistency: after computing r_{i,W-1} from the recurrence, we must have r_{i,W-1}+r_{i,0}=b_{i,0}. This will hold iff the sum of b over the row is even (since r_{i,W-1} = r_{i,0} + sum_{j=1}^{W-1} b_{i,j} (mod 2), then r_{i,W-1}+r_{i,0} = sum_{j=1}^{W-1} b_{i,j} = total sum b - b_{i,0}. So condition is total sum b ≡ 0 mod 2, which is exactly the even A condition. So with r_{i,0}=0, we get a particular solution. Similarly for columns: set d_{0,j}=0, then propagate down: d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j} + b_{i,j} (where b_{i,j}=1 if A, 0 if B) for i=1..H-1, and the last equation d_{H-1,j}+d_{0,j}=b_{0,j} must hold, which requires column A count even.

Thus, we can define particular solutions as:

r_{i,j} = (sum_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}) mod 2, with r_{i,0}=0. But careful: indices modulo W; we need a consistent starting point. We can define r_{i,0}=0, and for j from 1 to W-1, r_{i,j} = r_{i,j-1} + b_{i,j} (mod 2). This defines r_{i,j} for all j. Then the equation for j=0 (involving r_{i,W-1} and r_{i,0}) will be satisfied because total sum b even.

Similarly, for columns: set d_{0,j}=0, and for i from 1 to H-1, d_{i,j} = d_{i-1,j} + b_{i,j} (mod 2). This defines d_{i,j}.

Now, compute k_{i,j} = 1 + (r_{i,j} + d_{i,j}) mod 2.

We need to analyze the consistency of the system a_i + b_j = k_{i,j}.

We can attempt to express k_{i,j} in terms of the b's (A indicators). Perhaps k_{i,j} simplifies to something like (something independent of i,j) or has a structure that guarantees consistency.

Let's compute r_{i,j} and d_{i,j} explicitly.

Let b_{i,j} = 1 if S_{i,j}='A', else 0.

Define for row i: let R_i(j) = r_{i,j}. With r_{i,0}=0, we have:
r_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}) mod 2, for j=1..W-1. Also, by consistency, we also have r_{i,0}=0 and the equation for j=0 gives: r_{i,W-1} + 0 = b_{i,0} mod 2, which implies ∑_{k=1}^{W-1} b_{i,k} = b_{i,0} mod 2 => total sum even, which holds.

Similarly, for column j: with d_{0,j}=0, we have:
d_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j}) mod 2, for i=1..H-1. And consistency: d_{H-1,j} + 0 = b_{0,j} mod 2 => ∑_{k=1}^{H-1} b_{k,j} = b_{0,j} mod 2, which holds if column sum even.

Now, compute r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} mod 2.

r_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}) mod 2, with the convention that empty sum (j=0) is 0.
d_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j}) mod 2, with empty sum (i=0) is 0.

So r_{i,j} + d_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} + ∑_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j}) mod 2.

Then k_{i,j} = 1 + (r_{i,j} + d_{i,j}) = 1 + ∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} + ∑_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j} (mod 2).

Now, note that b_{i,j} itself is 1 if A, 0 if B. For B cells, we are computing k. But this expression involves sums of b's along the row and column.

We can try to simplify k_{i,j} further. Perhaps it equals something like (∑_{k=0}^{j-1} b_{i,k} + ∑_{k=0}^{i-1} b_{k,j})? But we have sums starting from 1. We can also include b_{i,0} and b_{0,j} by using the parity conditions. Since total row sum even, we have ∑_{k=0}^{W-1} b_{i,k} = 0 mod 2. So ∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} = b_{i,0} + ∑_{k=0}^{j} b_{i,k}? Not exactly.

But maybe we can find a more symmetric expression. Alternatively, we can derive the consistency condition for the a_i+b_j system directly from the original equations without fixing particular solutions. Perhaps the system always has solutions when row/column parity holds. Let's test with a potential counterexample.

We need to find a grid where each row and column has even number of A's, but the linear system for (r,d) has no solution. Since the system is linear, we can attempt to see if the rank condition fails. The overall system comprises equations for each cell. We already derived necessary conditions from rows and columns. Are there any other independent linear constraints? Possibly from cycles that mix r and d. For instance, consider a 2x2 loop: (0,0) -> (0,1) -> (1,1) -> (1,0) -> back. Summing certain equations might yield a condition involving the A pattern. Let's attempt to derive the overall consistency condition.

We have variables r_{i,j}, d_{i,j}. Equations:

For each cell (i,j):
If A: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=1, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1.
If B: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0, and r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=1.

We can think of these as linear equations over GF(2). The system is affine (some equations have constant 1). We can convert to homogeneous by introducing a constant variable? But easier: We can attempt to solve the system directly.

Let's denote for each cell (i,j) an equation type. Perhaps we can eliminate variables.

Another approach: Since the system is linear, the number of solutions is either 0 or 2^{free}. We can compute the rank by constructing the matrix. But we need a formula in terms of the graph of B cells.

Given our parameterization, the number of solutions equals 2^{c} where c is the number of connected components of the bipartite graph of B cells, provided the system a_i+b_j=k_{i,j} is consistent. So we need to determine when this system is consistent.

The consistency condition is that for any cycle in the bipartite graph, the sum of k's on the edges is 0 mod 2. Since the graph is bipartite, cycles are even length. This condition is equivalent to: for any two paths between the same pair of vertices, the parity of k sums along the paths must be equal.

We can check this condition by picking a spanning forest and assigning a_i, b_j from a root, then verifying that for each edge not in the tree, the equation holds. If any edge fails, inconsistency.

Now, k_{i,j} is derived from our particular solutions. Could it be that the particular solutions we chose (with r_{i,0}=0, d_{0,j}=0) lead to k_{i,j} that automatically satisfy the cycle condition? Possibly yes, because the original system is guaranteed to have a solution if row/column parity holds? But we haven't proven that row/column parity is sufficient for existence of a solution to the full system. Let's test with a small example that satisfies row/column parity but maybe the full system has no solution. We'll try to construct one manually.

Consider H=2, W=2. To have even A per row and column, possibilities: 0 A (all B) we already saw works. 2 A? But with 2 A, each row must have even A, each column even. With 2x2, the only way to have even A per row and column is either 0 A or 4 A. 4 A gives each row 2 A (even), each column 2 A (even). But 4 A means all cells are A. Let's test all A. Row0: A,A -> 2 even; row1: A,A -> 2 even; col0: A,A -> 2 even; col1: A,A -> 2 even. So parity holds. Now, can we find a valid placement for all A? Each vertex must have exactly one horizontal and one vertical edge selected. Let's attempt to find a configuration on 2x2 torus. Variables: r_{0,0}, r_{0,1}, r_{1,0}, r_{1,1}; d_{0,0}, d_{0,1}, d_{1,0}, d_{1,1}. Equations for each cell (all A):
For (0,0): r_{0,-1}+r_{0,0}=1 => r_{0,1}+r_{0,0}=1 (since -1 mod2 =1). d_{-1,0}+d_{0,0}=1 => d_{1,0}+d_{0,0}=1.
(0,1): r_{0,0}+r_{0,1}=1, d_{1,1}+d_{0,1}=1.
(1,0): r_{1,1}+r_{1,0}=1, d_{0,0}+d_{1,0}=1.
(1,1): r_{1,0}+r_{1,1}=1, d_{0,1}+d_{1,1}=1.

We also have no B coupling equations. So this is just independent row and column systems. Let's solve. Row0: r_{0,0}+r_{0,1}=1 (from (0,1)) and also r_{0,1}+r_{0,0}=1 (from (0,0)) same, so just one equation: r_{0,0}+r_{0,1}=1. So two solutions: (0,1) or (1,0). Similarly row1: r_{1,0}+r_{1,1}=1. Column0: d_{0,0}+d_{1,0}=1 (from (1,0) and (0,0) both give same). Column1: d_{0,1}+d_{1,1}=1. So total solutions: 2*2*2*2=16? But wait, are there any additional constraints? The equations for d at (0,0) and (1,0) are the same: d_{1,0}+d_{0,0}=1. So indeed each column gives one independent equation. So total degrees: 4 r variables with 2 independent equations? Actually row0 gives 1 equation, row1 gives 1, so r has 2 free bits? Variables 4, equations 2 (since each row gives one equation, but are they independent? Yes, they involve disjoint sets). So r has 2^{4-2}=4 solutions. Similarly d has 4 solutions. So total (r,d) = 16. But are all these valid placements? They should satisfy the vertex conditions (each A vertex gets one horizontal and one vertical). But we must also ensure that the selected edges (based on r and d) actually give each vertex degree 2? Let's check a sample: Choose r_{0,0}=0, r_{0,1}=1; r_{1,0}=0, r_{1,1}=1; d_{0,0}=0, d_{1,0}=1; d_{0,1}=0, d_{1,1}=1. Then at (0,0): left = r_{0,1}=1? Wait left = r_{0,-1}=r_{0,1}=1, right = r_{0,0}=0, so horizontal edges: left selected, right not. up = d_{-1,0}=d_{1,0}=1, down = d_{0,0}=0, so vertical: up selected, down not. So selected edges: left and up, which are adjacent (good). At (0,1): left = r_{0,0}=0, right = r_{0,1}=1, up = d_{1,1}=1, down = d_{0,1}=0 => selected right and up (adjacent). At (1,0): left = r_{1,1}=1, right = r_{1,0}=0, up = d_{0,0}=0, down = d_{1,0}=1 => selected left and down (adjacent). At (1,1): left = r_{1,0}=0, right = r_{1,1}=1, up = d_{0,1}=0, down = d_{1,1}=1 => selected right and down (adjacent). So valid. So there are 16 solutions. But our earlier sample with all A would have a=4 even, but answer would be 16, not a power of 2? 16 is 2^4. So it could be 2^k with k=4. That's fine. But does our parameterization yield 2^{c}? For all A, there are no B cells, so the bipartite graph has no edges. Then rows and columns are isolated vertices. Number of components = H + W (since each row and each column is isolated). So c = H+W. Then number of solutions would be 2^{H+W}. For H=2,W=2, that's 2^{4}=16. That matches! Because with no B cells, the a_i and b_j are completely free (no constraints), so number of (a_i,b_j) assignments = 2^{H+W}. And each corresponds to a unique (r,d) via our parameterization. So indeed the number of solutions is 2^{H+W} when there are no B cells? But wait, is that correct? Let's verify: For all A, we earlier counted 16 solutions. Our parameterization: we fixed particular solutions r^{(i)}_j (with r_{i,0}=0) and d^{(j)}_i (with d_{0,j}=0). Then any (a_i,b_j) gives a solution. Since there are no B constraints, all 2^{H+W} assignments are allowed. So number = 2^{4}=16. Good.

Now, for mixed A and B, the number of solutions is 2^{c}, where c is the number of connected components in the bipartite graph of B cells (including isolated rows and columns). But we must also consider that the particular solutions we chose might affect the consistency; but if the system has any solution, then the number of solutions is 2^{c}. So the answer is either 0 or 2^{c}. And c can be computed as: c = number of connected components in the bipartite graph whose vertices are rows and columns, with edges for each B cell. However, note that isolated rows and columns (those with no B cells) are separate components. So c = (number of connected components in the graph) where each component is a set of rows and columns connected by B edges. This includes components that consist of a single row with no B edges, or a single column with no B edges, or a mix.

But is it always true that if the row/column parity conditions hold, then the system a_i+b_j=k_{i,j} is consistent? Let's test with a potential counterexample. We'll try to construct a small grid where parity holds but the bipartite system is inconsistent. We need to compute k_{i,j} from our canonical particular solutions and see if a cycle condition fails.

Consider H=2, W=2 with one A and three B? But parity fails because row with one A odd. So not allowed.

Consider H=2, W=3. Let's try to design a pattern where each row has even A, each column even A, but maybe inconsistency. Let's enumerate possibilities. H=2, W=3. Row0 must have even A: possible counts 0 or 2. Row1 similarly. Columns each must have even A: with 2 rows, each column can have 0 or 2 A's. So the only possible column counts are 0 or 2. Since there are 2 rows, a column having 2 A's means both rows A in that column. So the pattern of A's must be such that each column is either all A or all B. And rows must have even number of A's. So possible patterns: all B (0 A), all A (3 A per row? 3 is odd, so all A not allowed because row would have 3 A odd). So all A invalid. Next: two columns all A, one column all B. Then each row has 2 A (even), each column: the two all-A columns have 2 A (even), the all-B column has 0 A (even). So pattern: columns 0 and 1 are A in both rows, column 2 is B in both rows. So grid:
(0,0)=A, (0,1)=A, (0,2)=B
(1,0)=A, (1,1)=A, (1,2)=B

Now, let's test if there is a valid placement. Compute using our method.

First, row0: A,A,B. b row0: [1,1,0]. Row0 r system: equations: for j=0: r_{0,-1}+r_{0,0}=b_{0,0}=1 => r_{0,2}+r_{0,0}=1. j=1: r_{0,0}+r_{0,1}=1. j=2: r_{0,1}+r_{0,2}=0 (since b=0). We can solve. With canonical: set r_{0,0}=0. Then from j=1: 0+r_{0,1}=1 => r_{0,1}=1. From j=2: r_{0,1}+r_{0,2}=0 => 1+r_{0,2}=0 => r_{0,2}=1. Check j=0: r_{0,2}+r_{0,0}=1+0=1 OK. So r row0 = [0,1,1].

Row1: same pattern, so r row1 = [0,1,1] as well (since same b). So r_{1,0}=0, r_{1,1}=1, r_{1,2}=1.

Now columns: column0: both rows A => b col0: [1,1]. Set d_{0,0}=0. Then d_{1,0}= d_{0,0}+b_{1,0}=0+1=1. Check last: d_{1,0}+d_{0,0}=1+0=1 = b_{0,0}=1 OK. So d_{0,0}=0, d_{1,0}=1.
Column1: both A => similarly d_{0,1}=0, d_{1,1}=1.
Column2: both B => b col2: [0,0]. Set d_{0,2}=0, then d_{1,2}= d_{0,2}+b_{1,2}=0+0=0. Check last: d_{1,2}+d_{0,2}=0+0=0 = b_{0,2}=0 OK. So d_{0,2}=0, d_{1,2}=0.

Now B cells: which are B? (0,2) and (1,2) are B. Compute k for each:

For (0,2): r_{0,2}=1, d_{0,2}=0 => r+d=1 => k = 1+1=0? Wait k = 1 + (r+d) mod2 = 1+1=0 mod2. So k=0. Equation: a_0 + b_2 = 0.

For (1,2): r_{1,2}=1, d_{1,2}=0 => r+d=1 => k=0. Equation: a_1 + b_2 = 0.

Now bipartite graph: rows 0,1; columns 0,1,2. B edges only at column2 with both rows. So edges: (0,2) and (1,2). Graph components: rows 0 and 1 are connected via column2? Actually column2 connects to both rows, so rows 0 and 1 are in the same component (through column2). Columns 0 and 1 have no edges, so they are isolated components. So total components: component1: {row0, row1, column2} (connected), component2: column0 alone, component3: column1 alone. So c = 3. Then number of solutions would be 2^3 = 8 if consistent.

Check consistency: For component1, we have equations a0 + b2 = 0, a1 + b2 = 0. This implies a0 = a1. So we can set a0 = t, then b2 = t, a1 = t. So one free variable (t). So dimension 1, consistent. So total free variables: for component1:1, column0:1 (b0 free), column1:1 (b1 free). So total 3, matches c=3. So number of solutions = 2^3 = 8.

Now, let's verify by brute force maybe? Could there be 8 valid placements? Possibly. So seems consistent.

Now, try to find a case where parity holds but the bipartite system is inconsistent. Suppose we have a cycle in the B graph where the sum of k's is odd. That would cause inconsistency. Can that happen given our definition of k? Let's attempt to construct a small grid with a cycle. The smallest cycle in bipartite graph requires at least 2 rows and 2 columns, forming a 4-cycle (row i1 - col j1 - row i2 - col j2 - back to i1). So we need at least two B cells at (i1,j1) and (i1,j2) and (i2,j1) and (i2,j2) all B? Actually a 4-cycle would be edges: (i1,j1), (i1,j2), (i2,j1), (i2,j2). All four must be B cells to have those edges. So consider a 2x2 subgrid all B. But we already considered all B, and it was consistent (k=1 for all edges, sum around cycle: 1+1+1+1=0 mod2? 4 mod2=0, so consistent). What if k values are not all same? Could we get k pattern such that sum around a cycle is 1? Let's try to design a 2x2 with mixed A and B such that parity holds and the four cells are B? Actually if they are B, then k is computed from r and d. Let's compute for a 2x2 with some A's maybe affecting r and d values, but the four cells are B. But if a cell is B, then its type is B, so it's B. So we need a 2x2 where all four are B? That's all B, we already did. What about a 2x2 where three are B and one is A? But then that A would affect row/column parity. Let's try H=2,W=2 with three B and one A. Check parity: Row with one A (odd) fails. So not allowed.

Consider larger grid, e.g., 3x3 with a 2x2 B subgrid and some A elsewhere to fix parity. Let's attempt to create a cycle where k sum odd. We need to compute k for B cells based on the particular solutions. k = 1 + r_{i,j} + d_{i,j}. r and d are derived from cumulative sums of b (A indicators). So k depends on the A pattern. Perhaps we can derive an expression for k that shows that for any cycle, the sum of k's is 0 mod 2 automatically if row/column parity holds. Let's attempt to prove.

Take any cycle in the bipartite graph. A cycle alternates between rows and columns: i1 - j1 - i2 - j2 - ... - ik - jk - i1 (even length). The sum of k over edges in the cycle is ∑ (1 + r_{i,j} + d_{i,j}) over the edges in the cycle. Since there are an even number of edges, the sum of 1's is even, so contributes 0 mod 2. So we need ∑ (r_{i,j} + d_{i,j}) = 0 mod 2 over the cycle. That is ∑ r_{i,j} + ∑ d_{i,j} = 0 mod 2.

Now, r_{i,j} depends on row i and column j. In the cycle, each row i appears as many times as the number of incident edges in the cycle from that row. Similarly each column j appears. The sum of r_{i,j} over edges can be expressed as ∑_{i} r_{i,*} times the number of times row i appears in the cycle, but careful: r_{i,j} is not separable because it depends on j as well. However, using our expression r_{i,j} = (∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}) mod 2 (with r_{i,0}=0). This is like a prefix sum. Maybe we can relate the sum around a cycle to the parity of A counts in certain rectangles.

Consider a cycle that goes: (i1,j1) -> (i1,j2) -> (i2,j2) -> (i2,j1) -> back to (i1,j1). This is a 4-cycle. The sum of r over these four edges: r_{i1,j1} + r_{i1,j2} + r_{i2,j2} + r_{i2,j1}. Similarly for d.

We can try to compute this sum using the prefix sums. Let's define for each row i, the function f_i(j) = ∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} mod 2, with f_i(0)=0. Then r_{i,j} = f_i(j). For columns, define g_j(i) = ∑_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j} mod 2, with g_j(0)=0, and d_{i,j} = g_j(i).

Now, consider the sum S = f_{i1}(j1) + f_{i1}(j2) + f_{i2}(j2) + f_{i2}(j1) + g_{j1}(i1) + g_{j2}(i1) + g_{j2}(i2) + g_{j1}(i2) mod 2.

We want S = 0 mod 2.

Observe that f_i(j) is essentially the parity of the number of A's in row i from column 1 to j. Similarly, g_j(i) is parity of A's in column j from row 1 to i.

Maybe we can use the fact that the total number of A's in each row and column is even. This implies that f_i(W) = 0 (since total even, and f_i(W) = ∑_{k=1}^{W} b_{i,k} = total A in row i mod 2 = 0). Similarly, g_j(H) = 0.

Now, note that f_i(j2) + f_i(j1) = parity of A's in row i between columns j1+1 to j2 (if j2 > j1) or something. More precisely, f_i(j2) - f_i(j1) = ∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} b_{i,k} mod 2. Since we are in GF(2), addition = subtraction. So f_i(j2) + f_i(j1) = ∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} b_{i,k} (mod 2). Similarly, f_{i2}(j2)+f_{i2}(j1) = ∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} b_{i2,k}.

Thus, sum of f's = (∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} b_{i1,k}) + (∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} b_{i2,k}) = ∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} (b_{i1,k}+b_{i2,k}) mod 2.

Similarly, sum of g's: g_{j1}(i2)+g_{j1}(i1) = ∑_{k=i1+1}^{i2} b_{k,j1} (if i2>i1). And g_{j2}(i2)+g_{j2}(i1) = ∑_{k=i1+1}^{i2} b_{k,j2}. So total g sum = ∑_{k=i1+1}^{i2} (b_{k,j1}+b_{k,j2}).

Thus, S = ∑_{k=j1+1}^{j2} (b_{i1,k}+b_{i2,k}) + ∑_{k=i1+1}^{i2} (b_{k,j1}+b_{k,j2}) mod 2.

Now, consider the sum of b over the rectangle with corners (i1,j1), (i1,j2), (i2,j1), (i2,j2). The sum of b over the four corners? Actually the sum of b over the entire rectangle (rows i1+1..i2, columns j1+1..j2) appears? Let's see.

We can also consider the sum of b over the perimeter of the rectangle? The expression we have includes b on the top edge (row i1, columns between j1+1 and j2) and bottom edge (row i2, same columns), and left edge (column j1, rows between i1+1 and i2) and right edge (column j2, same rows). That's exactly the sum of b over the boundary of the rectangle (excluding the corners? Actually the corners (i1,j1), (i1,j2), (i2,j1), (i2,j2) are not included in these sums because the ranges are exclusive of the starting indices? Let's check: For f sums, we sum b_{i1,k} for k from j1+1 to j2. That includes columns strictly between j1 and j2, and also column j2 if j2 > j1? The range is j1+1 to j2 inclusive if we define sum over k=j1+1..j2. That includes column j2 but not column j1. Similarly for row i2. So the top edge includes column j2 but not j1; bottom edge includes column j2 but not j1. For g sums, we sum b_{k,j1} for k=i1+1..i2, which includes row i2 but not i1; and similarly for column j2 includes row i2 but not i1. So the four corner cells are not included. So S = sum of b over the top edge (excluding left corner) + bottom edge (excluding left corner) + left edge (excluding top corner) + right edge (excluding top corner). That's the sum over the boundary of the rectangle minus the four corners? Actually the rectangle's boundary consists of top row (i1, columns j1..j2), bottom row (i2, columns j1..j2), left column (rows i1..i2, column j1), right column (rows i1..i2, column j2). The sum we have includes top row columns j1+1..j2 (so excludes (i1,j1)), bottom row columns j1+1..j2 (excludes (i2,j1)), left column rows i1+1..i2 (excludes (i1,j1)), right column rows i1+1..i2 (excludes (i1,j2)). So the missing corners are (i1,j1), (i1,j2), (i2,j1), (i2,j2) are not included. So S = (sum over boundary) - (sum over four corners). But we are in GF(2), subtraction = addition.

Now, what is the parity of the sum over the boundary? Since each row i1 and i2 have even total A, and each column j1 and j2 have even total A, we might relate the boundary sum to something. Consider the sum of b over the entire rows i1 and i2: each row sum is even. The sum over row i1 (all columns) = even. That sum = b_{i1,j1} + (sum over columns j1+1..j2-1?) Actually row i1 sum = b_{i1,j1} + (sum over columns j1+1..j2-1) + b_{i1,j2} + (sum over other columns outside the interval). Not straightforward.

Maybe we can use the fact that the total number of A's in the whole grid is even? Actually a = total A, which is even (since sum of even rows gives even). So total A even.

But is S always 0? Let's test with a concrete example where we have a 2x2 B subgrid but with some A's elsewhere that affect r and d, leading to different k values. Consider H=3,W=3, with B cells at (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1) forming a 2x2 B block, and the rest A maybe to satisfy parity. Let's design such that rows and columns have even A. Let's set:
Row0: B,B,A? That gives row0 A count 1 (odd) not allowed. So need even. Let's try:
Row0: B,B,B? That's 0 A even.
Row1: B,B,B? 0 A even.
Row2: A,A,A? That's 3 A odd, not allowed. So need row2 even. Maybe row2: A,A,B? 2 A even. Then columns: col0: B,B,A -> 1 A odd. Not allowed. So we need to adjust.

Let's systematically try to create a 2x2 B block and fill the rest with A such that each row and column even. Suppose H=4,W=4 for more flexibility. We'll attempt to have B at (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1). Then we need to assign A/B to other cells to make each row and column even. Let's denote the grid:

Rows 0,1,2,3; columns 0,1,2,3.
Set (0,0)=B, (0,1)=B, (0,2)=?, (0,3)=?
(1,0)=B, (1,1)=B, (1,2)=?, (1,3)=?
(2,0)=?, (2,1)=?, (2,2)=?, (2,3)=?
(3,0)=?, (3,1)=?, (3,2)=?, (3,3)=?

We need each row even A count, each column even A count. Let's try to set all other cells to A initially, then adjust to fix parity. If all others A, then:
Row0: cells (0,2),(0,3) are A -> row0 A count = 2 (even) good.
Row1: (1,2),(1,3) A -> 2 even.
Row2: all four A? Actually (2,0)-(2,3) all A -> 4 even.
Row3: all A -> 4 even.
Columns:
col0: (0,0)=B, (1,0)=B, (2,0)=A, (3,0)=A -> A count 2 even.
col1: (0,1)=B, (1,1)=B, (2,1)=A, (3,1)=A -> 2 even.
col2: (0,2)=A, (1,2)=A, (2,2)=A, (3,2)=A -> 4 even.
col3: (0,3)=A, (1,3)=A, (2,3)=A, (3,3)=A -> 4 even.
So parity holds. So we have a 2x2 B block at top-left, and all other cells A. Now, let's compute k for the B cells using our canonical particular solutions and see if the cycle condition holds for the 4-cycle among rows 0,1 and columns 0,1.

We need to compute r and d for this grid. Let's do it.

First, define b_{i,j}=1 if A, 0 if B.

Grid:
Row0: col0 B (0), col1 B (0), col2 A (1), col3 A (1)
Row1: col0 B (0), col1 B (0), col2 A (1), col3 A (1)
Row2: all A: 1,1,1,1
Row3: all A: 1,1,1,1

Now compute r for each row with r_{i,0}=0.

Row0: b0 = [0,0,1,1]
Set r0[0]=0.
j=1: r0[1] = r0[0] + b0[1]? Actually equation: r0[0]+r0[1]=b0[1]=0 => r0[1]=r0[0]=0.
j=2: r0[1]+r0[2]=b0[2]=1 => 0+r0[2]=1 => r0[2]=1.
j=3: r0[2]+r0[3]=b0[3]=1 => 1+r0[3]=1 => r0[3]=0.
Check j=0 (wrap): r0[3]+r0[0]=0+0=0 should equal b0[0]=0 OK.
So row0 r: [0,0,1,0]

Row1: same b, so r1: [0,0,1,0]

Row2: b = [1,1,1,1]
Set r2[0]=0.
j=1: 0+r2[1]=1 => r2[1]=1.
j=2: 1+r2[2]=1 => r2[2]=0.
j=3: 0+r2[3]=1 => r2[3]=1.
Check wrap: r2[3]+r2[0]=1+0=1 should equal b2[0]=1 OK.
So row2 r: [0,1,0,1]

Row3: same as row2: [0,1,0,1]

Now compute d for each column with d_{0,j}=0.

Column0: b col0 = [0,0,1,1] (rows 0..3)
Set d0[0]=0.
i=1: d1[0] = d0[0] + b1[0] = 0+0=0.
i=2: d2[0] = d1[0] + b2[0] = 0+1=1.
i=3: d3[0] = d2[0] + b3[0] = 1+1=0 (mod2).
Check wrap: d3[0]+d0[0]=0+0=0 should equal b0[0]=0 OK.
So column0 d: [0,0,1,0] (rows 0,1,2,3)

Column1: b col1 = [0,0,1,1] -> similarly d: [0,0,1,0]

Column2: b col2 = [1,1,1,1]
Set d0[2]=0.
i=1: d1[2] = 0+1=1.
i=2: d2[2] = 1+1=0.
i=3: d3[2] = 0+1=1.
Check wrap: d3[2]+d0[2]=1+0=1 should equal b0[2]=1 OK.
So column2 d: [0,1,0,1]

Column3: b col3 = [1,1,1,1] -> similarly d: [0,1,0,1]

Now B cells are only the four at (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1). Compute k = 1 + r + d mod2.

(0,0): r=0, d=0 => r+d=0 => k=1.
(0,1): r=0, d=0 => k=1.
(1,0): r=0, d=0 => k=1.
(1,1): r=0, d=0 => k=1.

All k=1. So for the 4-cycle, sum of k = 4 ≡ 0 mod2. So consistent.

Now, could we get a case where k values differ? For that, r and d at B cells must not all be equal. Since r and d are determined by cumulative sums of A's, they can vary. For a B cell, r_{i,j} depends on row i's prefix sum up to j, and d_{i,j} depends on column j's prefix sum up to i. If there are A's before the B cell in the row or column, r or d could be 1. So k could be 0 or 1. Let's try to construct a scenario where in a 2x2 B block, the k values are not all 1, maybe leading to odd cycle sum.

Consider H=3,W=3 again, but we need even rows/columns. Let's try to have B at (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1) as before, but adjust A's to make r and d different. In the previous 4x4 example, we had A's after the B block, which gave r and d 0 at those B cells because the prefix sums up to those columns were 0 (since no A before). To get r=1 at a B cell, we need an odd number of A's in that row before that column. Since the B cell itself is B, the A's are in other columns. So we could put an A in the same row before the B cell. But then row parity must stay even. Let's attempt a 3x3 with B block at top-left and an A in row0 col2? But row0 would then have A at col2, and B at col0,1. That gives row0 A count =1 (odd) not allowed. So we need even A in row0. Could add another A in row0, say at col? But only 3 columns. If we put A at col2 and also maybe at col? Actually row0: columns 0,1,2. If we set (0,0)=B, (0,1)=B, (0,2)=A, then row0 A count=1 odd. To make even, we could change one of the B to A, but then it wouldn't be a B block. So perhaps we need larger grid to have A's before the B cell while keeping row even.

Consider H=4,W=4 again, but modify so that in row0, there is an A before column0? But column0 is first column, so before column0 there is column -1 which is column3 (wrap). So we could place an A in column3 of row0, which would affect r_{0,0} because r_{0,0} depends on the cumulative sum from column1 to 0? Actually our definition of r used r_{i,0}=0 and then forward. But the value r_{i,0} is not necessarily 0 in the actual solution; we set it as a particular choice. However, in our canonical particular solution, we set r_{i,0}=0. That means the value of r at column 0 is fixed to 0 in that particular solution. So in that particular solution, r_{i,0} is always 0 regardless of A's before? But wait, the recurrence defined r_{i,j} from r_{i,0}=0 using equations r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=b_{i,j}. This yields a specific solution. In that solution, r_{i,0} is forced to 0 by our choice, not by the data. So r_{i,0} is not necessarily the "true" value in all solutions; it's just one particular solution. In the general solution, r_{i,0} can be either 0 or 1 depending on the flip a_i. So the value of r at a B cell in the particular solution can be 0 or 1 depending on the cumulative sums. But we can compute it as above. In the 4x4 example, r_{0,0}=0, r_{0,1}=0 because there were no A's in row0 before column1? Actually row0 had A's at columns 2 and 3, which are after column1, so they don't affect r_{0,0} or r_{0,1} in the forward recurrence. So r_{0,0}=0, r_{0,1}=0. To get r_{0,1}=1, we would need an odd number of A's in row0 before column1, i.e., in column0? But column0 is B, so b=0. So cannot. To affect r_{0,0}, we could have an A in column3 (wrap) because the recurrence goes forward from column0, but the equation for column0 involves r_{i,W-1} and r_{i,0}. In our particular solution, we set r_{i,0}=0 and then computed forward; the consistency condition ensures that after going around, the equation for column0 holds. The value r_{i,W-1} becomes something based on later columns. So r_{i,0} is fixed to 0 in this particular solution, but we could have chosen a different particular solution by flipping all bits in the row (adding 1). That would make r_{i,0}=1, and all other r_{i,j} flipped as well. So the value of r at a B cell in the particular solution is not intrinsic; it depends on the choice of particular solution. However, the k_{i,j} we compute depends on that choice. But the consistency of the a_i+b_j system should be independent of the choice of particular solutions, because the overall solution set is invariant. So if we choose a different particular solution (by flipping a row's r values), the k values will change accordingly, but the solvability of a_i+b_j=k should remain the same. So we can't rely on k values being all 1; they could vary with different particular solution choices. However, the number of solutions (2^{c}) should be independent.

Thus, to determine c, we need to compute the number of connected components of the bipartite graph of B cells, but is that always the number of degrees of freedom? Let's test with a case where the bipartite graph has a cycle and the k values might cause inconsistency, but maybe inconsistency cannot happen if row/column parity holds. We need to verify.

We can attempt to prove that if every row and column has an even number of A's, then the system a_i + b_j = k_{i,j} is always consistent, regardless of the particular solutions chosen. Equivalently, the original linear system always has solutions. Is that true? Let's test with a potential counterexample by brute force for small sizes using a program (conceptually). Since I can't run code now, I'll reason.

The original linear system is over GF(2) with variables r_{i,j}, d_{i,j}. The equations are as given. This is a linear system. We can compute its rank. The necessary conditions we derived from row sums (each row even A) came from summing the r equations in a row, giving that the sum of b in that row must be 0 mod 2. Similarly for columns. Are there any other independent linear constraints? Possibly from summing equations over a rectangle. Let's attempt to derive the condition for the system to have a solution.

We can treat the system as M x = c, where x is vector of r and d. The system is linear (affine). The homogeneous part (setting all constants to 0) would be: For A: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0. For B: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0, r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=0. But the constants are 1 for A equations and 1 for the r+d equation in B? Actually for A, the constants are 1 for both equations. For B, the constants are 0 for the first two, and 1 for the third. So it's an affine system.

We can attempt to find a solution by constructing r and d explicitly. Perhaps we can always construct a solution when row/column parity holds. Let's try to construct a solution algorithmically.

We need to assign r and d satisfying:

For each cell (i,j):
- If A: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=1, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1.
- If B: r_{i,j-1}+r_{i,j}=0, d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=0, and r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=1.

We can attempt to solve by first setting r arbitrarily and then determining d, or vice versa. Because the B cells couple r and d.

One approach: Treat the r variables as free subject to row constraints, and then for each B cell, the equation r_{i,j}+d_{i,j}=1 will determine d_{i,j} in terms of r, but d also must satisfy column constraints. So we need to see if there exists r satisfying row constraints such that the d derived from d_{i,j}=1+r_{i,j} (for B cells) can be extended to satisfy column constraints and also for A cells, d must satisfy d_{i-1,j}+d_{i,j}=1.

But maybe we can find a direct construction: Since each row has even number of A's, we can assign r along each row as an alternating pattern based on A positions. Similarly, assign d along each column. Then check if for B cells, r+d=1 holds. If not, we can flip rows/columns (i.e., add 1 to all r in a row, or all d in a column) to adjust. This is exactly the a_i, b_j flips. So the question reduces to: can we choose row flips a_i and column flips b_j such that for every B cell, (r0_{i,j}+a_i) + (d0_{i,j}+b_j) = 1? That is a_i + b_j = 1 + r0_{i,j} + d0_{i,j}. This is a system of linear equations. This system has a solution if and only if for every cycle, the sum of RHS is 0. So we need to check whether the RHS satisfies the cycle condition. Is it automatically true given the row/column parity? Possibly yes, because the RHS can be expressed in terms of the b_{i,j} (A indicators) and the cycle condition reduces to the evenness of A counts in certain rectangles, which is guaranteed by row/column parity? Let's attempt to prove.

We have r0_{i,j} = prefix sum of b in row i up to j (with r0_{i,0}=0). d0_{i,j} = prefix sum of b in column j up to i (with d0_{0,j}=0). Then k_{i,j} = 1 + r0_{i,j} + d0_{i,j}.

Consider a cycle in the bipartite graph. The cycle corresponds to a closed alternating path: i1 - j1 - i2 - j2 - ... - ik - jk - i1. The sum of k over edges in the cycle is ∑ (1 + r0 + d0) over edges. Since number of edges is even, ∑1 = 0 mod2. So we need ∑ (r0 + d0) = 0 mod2 over the cycle.

Now, ∑ r0 over edges = ∑_{edges (i,j)} r0_{i,j}. Similarly for d0. Let's denote the set of edges in the cycle E_c. Then ∑_{ (i,j)∈E_c } r0_{i,j} = ∑_{i} (∑_{j: (i,j)∈E_c} r0_{i,j}). Since r0_{i,j} depends on j, we need to evaluate.

Perhaps we can use the fact that r0_{i,j} = ∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} (mod2). Then ∑_{j∈J_i} r0_{i,j} = ∑_{j∈J_i} ∑_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} = ∑_{k=1}^{W} b_{i,k} * (number of j∈J_i with j ≥ k) mod2. Since we're in GF(2), the coefficient is the parity of the count of j in J_i that are ≥ k. This is messy.

Alternatively, we can use a different particular solution that might make k simpler. Perhaps we can choose particular solutions such that k_{i,j} = 0 for all B cells? Is that possible? If we could, then the equations become a_i + b_j = 0, which is always solvable (choose all a_i = b_j = 0 gives a solution). But can we choose particular solutions to make k=0 for all B? That would require r0_{i,j} + d0_{i,j} = 1 for all B cells. Is there a way to pick the particular solutions (i.e., choose different base solutions for rows and columns) to achieve that? The particular solutions are not unique; we can add a constant vector to each row's r (flip all bits) and similarly for columns. That corresponds to changing a_i and b_j. But those flips are exactly the variables we are solving for. So we cannot pre-choose them to simplify k; k is defined relative to a fixed particular solution. However, the solvability condition is independent of that choice. So if there exists any assignment of a_i,b_j satisfying the equations, then the system is solvable. So we can ask: does there always exist a solution when row/column parity holds? I suspect yes, because the problem likely expects answer 0 if any row or column has odd number of A's, else answer 2^{c} where c is the number of connected components of the bipartite graph of B cells. The sample matches: first case, we need to compute c. Let's compute c for sample 1.

Sample 1:
3 3
AAB
AAB
BBB

Let's list B cells: positions with B.
Row0: col2 is B.
Row1: col2 is B.
Row2: col0,1,2 are B? Actually row2: BBB, so all three B.
So B cells: (0,2), (1,2), (2,0), (2,1), (2,2).

Now, rows: 0,1,2; columns: 0,1,2.
Edges: (0,2), (1,2), (2,0), (2,1), (2,2).
Let's build bipartite graph:
Row0 connected to col2.
Row1 connected to col2.
Row2 connected to col0, col1, col2.
Now, what are the connected components?
- Row0 and Row1 are connected via col2? Row0 - col2 - Row1, so they are in same component with col2.
- Row2 is connected to col0, col1, col2. Since col2 is already connected to rows0,1, row2 is also connected via col2. So all rows and columns are in one component? Let's see: col0 is connected to row2, which is connected to col2, which is connected to rows0,1. col1 similarly. So the whole graph is connected. Are there any isolated vertices? All rows and columns appear in at least one edge? Row0 has edge, row1 has edge, row2 has edges, col0 has edge, col1 has edge, col2 has edges. So all 6 vertices are in one component. Thus c = 1. Then answer would be 2^1 = 2. That matches sample output 2.

Sample 3:
3 4
BAAB
BABA
BBAA

Let's list B cells. Strings:
Row0: B A A B -> B at col0, col3.
Row1: B A B A -> B at col0, col2.
Row2: B B A A -> B at col0, col1.

So B cells: (0,0), (0,3), (1,0), (1,2), (2,0), (2,1).

Rows: 0,1,2; columns: 0,1,2,3.
Edges: row0-col0, row0-col3; row1-col0, row1-col2; row2-col0, row2-col1.

Now, find connected components.
Start with row0: connected to col0 and col3.
col0 connected to row1 and row2 as well.
col3 connected only to row0.
row1 connected to col0 and col2.
col2 connected only to row1.
row2 connected to col0 and col1.
col1 connected only to row2.
Thus, all vertices are connected? Let's see: row0 connects to col0, which connects to row1 and row2. row1 connects to col2, which is only row1, but that's okay; col2 is connected via row1 to the rest. row2 connects to col1, which is only row2, but connected via row2 to col0, which is connected to others. col3 is connected via row0 to the rest. So the whole graph is one connected component. All rows and columns are in the component. So c = 1. Answer 2^1 = 2. Matches sample output 2.

Thus, the pattern holds: answer = 0 if any row or column has odd number of A's; otherwise, answer = 2^{c}, where c is the number of connected components in the bipartite graph whose vertices are rows and columns, with an edge between row i and column j if cell (i,j) is B.

But wait, is it always exactly 2^{c}? Let's test with all A case: H=2,W=2 all A. Then there are no B cells, so the bipartite graph has no edges. Then rows and columns are isolated vertices. Number of components = H + W = 4. So answer would be 2^4 = 16, which matches our earlier count. Good.

What about a case with some B cells but also some rows/columns with no B cells? Those isolated rows/columns count as separate components, each contributing a free variable. That seems plausible.

Now, we need to verify that when row/column parity holds, the system is always consistent, i.e., the a_i+b_j equations are solvable. Is there any scenario where parity holds but the bipartite system is inconsistent? Let's attempt to construct a potential counterexample by forcing a cycle where the sum of k is odd. Since k = 1 + r0 + d0, and r0 and d0 are derived from A positions, maybe we can engineer an odd sum. Let's attempt a small grid with H=2, W=2 but with A's such that parity holds. The only parity-holding patterns for 2x2 are: 0 A (all B) or 4 A (all A). All B we already checked (k all 1, sum even). All A has no B cells, so no equations. So no issue.

Next, H=2, W=4. Let's try to create a cycle involving rows 0,1 and columns 0,1,2,3? A cycle needs at least 2 rows and 2 columns. So consider rows 0,1 and columns 0,1. If those four cells are B, then we have a 4-cycle. We need to ensure rows and columns have even A counts overall. Let's attempt to set those four cells as B, and the remaining cells (row0 col2,3; row1 col2,3) as A perhaps. Then row0: B,B,A,A -> A count 2 even; row1: B,B,A,A -> 2 even; column0: B,B -> 0 even; column1: B,B -> 0 even; column2: A,A -> 2 even; column3: A,A -> 2 even. So parity holds. Now compute r0 and d0 using canonical method.

Grid:
Row0: col0 B(0), col1 B(0), col2 A(1), col3 A(1)
Row1: col0 B(0), col1 B(0), col2 A(1), col3 A(1)

Compute r for row0: with r0[0]=0.
j1: r0[0]+r0[1]=0 => r0[1]=0.
j2: r0[1]+r0[2]=1 => r0[2]=1.
j3: r0[2]+r0[3]=1 => r0[3]=0.
Check wrap: r0[3]+r0[0]=0+0=0 should equal b0[0]=0 OK.
So row0 r: [0,0,1,0]
Row1 same: [0,0,1,0]

Now d for columns:
Column0: b = [0,0] (rows0,1). d0[0]=0; d1[0]=0+0=0; check wrap: d1[0]+d0[0]=0+0=0 = b0[0]=0 OK. So col0 d: [0,0]
Column1: same: [0,0]
Column2: b = [1,1]. d0[2]=0; d1[2]=0+1=1; wrap: d1[2]+d0[2]=1+0=1 = b0[2]=1 OK. So col2 d: [0,1]
Column3: b = [1,1] -> d: [0,1]

Now B cells are (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1). Compute k:
(0,0): r=0,d=0 => k=1
(0,1): r=0,d=0 => k=1
(1,0): r=0,d=0 => k=1
(1,1): r=0,d=0 => k=1
All k=1, sum even. So consistent.

What if we change the A positions to affect r and d at the B cells? For the B cells at (0,0) and (0,1), r values are 0 because there are no A's before them in the row (since we set r0[0]=0 and recurrence gave 0). To make r0[1]=1, we would need an odd number of A's before column1, i.e., in column0. But column0 is B, so b=0. However, we could have an A in column0? But then (0,0) would be A, not B. So to keep (0,0) as B, column0 must be B. So r0[0] is determined by our choice of particular solution; we set r0[0]=0. But we could choose a different particular solution for row0 by flipping all bits (adding 1). That would make r0[0]=1, r0[1]=1, etc. Then k would change: (0,0): r=1,d=0 => k=0; (0,1): r=1,d=0 => k=0; etc. Then the equations become a0 + b0 = 0, a0 + b1 = 0, a1 + b0 = 0, a1 + b1 = 0. This system is consistent? Let's check: from a0+b0=0 and a0+b1=0 => b0=b1. Then a1+b0=0 => a1 = b0. Then a1+b1 = b0+b0=0 OK. So consistent. So regardless of flips, the system seems consistent.

But could there be a case where the sum of k around a cycle is odd? Let's attempt to create a cycle with more than 4 edges, maybe with different k values. Consider rows 0,1 and columns 0,1,2 with B cells at (0,0),(0,1),(0,2),(1,0),(1,1),(1,2) (i.e., all six cells B). That's a complete bipartite K_{2,3}. Parity: each row has 0 A (even), each column has 0 A (even). So all B. Then compute r and d. For all B, r rows: since all b=0, r will be constant across each row? With r0[0]=0, all r0[j]=0. Similarly row1 all 0. d columns: all 0. So k=1 for all B cells. Sum over any cycle: even number of edges, each k=1, sum even. So consistent.

Now, to get varied k, we need some A's that affect the prefix sums at the B cells. For a B cell (i,j), r0_{i,j} can be 1 if there is an odd number of A's in row i before column j (including wrap? but our recurrence starts at column0, so "before" means columns 1..j-1? Actually r0_{i,j} = sum_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k} (mod2). So it counts A's from column1 up to j. So if there is an A in column0, that does not affect r0_{i,j} for j>0? But column0's b affects the equation for j=0, but r0_{i,0} is set to 0. So in this particular solution, r0_{i,0}=0 always. So for B cells at column0, r0=0. For B cells at other columns, r0 could be 1 if there is an odd number of A's in columns 1..j. So to have r0=1 at a B cell not in column0, we need an odd number of A's in that row before that column. Similarly, d0_{i,j} can be 1 if there is an odd number of A's in column j before row i (rows 1..i). So we can design a pattern where some B cells have r0+d0 = 0, others =1, leading to k=1 or 0.

Let's attempt to create a 2x3 grid (H=2,W=3) with B cells at (0,1),(0,2),(1,1),(1,2) maybe, and adjust A's to make r0 and d0 vary. But we must keep row and column parity even.

Let's try H=2, W=3. Rows must have even A count. Columns must have even A count. Let's attempt:

We want B cells at (0,1),(0,2),(1,1),(1,2). So those are B. The remaining cells: (0,0) and (1,0) can be A or B. To have row0 even A: row0 currently has B at 1,2, so A count currently 0. If we set (0,0)=A, then row0 A count=1 (odd) not allowed. So (0,0) must be B to keep even (0). Similarly row1: (1,0) must be B. So all cells become B? That gives all B, which we already considered.

So to have B cells not covering all, we need some A's elsewhere, but then rows must have even A. Let's try H=3, W=3 with B cells forming a cycle. For a cycle we need at least 2 rows and 2 columns with B at all four intersections? That would be a 2x2 B block. As we tried earlier, we can add A's in other cells to satisfy parity. In the 4x4 example, we had a 2x2 B block and many A's, but the B cells all had k=1 because r0 and d0 were 0 at those positions (since no A's before them). To get r0=1 at a B cell, we need an A in the same row before that column. For a B cell at (0,1), to have r0_{0,1}=1, we need an odd number of A's in row0 columns 1..1? Actually r0_{0,1} = sum_{k=1}^{1} b_{0,k} = b_{0,1}. But b_{0,1} is 0 because it's B. So r0_{0,1}=0. To have r0_{0,1}=1, we would need b_{0,1}=1, i.e., A at (0,1), contradicting B. So for a B cell, the b at that cell is 0, so r0_{i,j} does not include b_{i,j} itself because the sum goes up to j inclusive? Wait, our definition: r0_{i,j} = sum_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}. This includes b_{i,j} if j>=1. So for j>=1, r0_{i,j} includes b_{i,j}. Since b_{i,j}=0 for B, it doesn't contribute. But if there are A's in earlier columns (1..j-1), they contribute. So to have r0_{i,j}=1, we need an odd number of A's in columns 1..j-1 (since b_{i,j}=0). So we can have A's before the B cell in the same row. For example, in row0, if we have A at column0, that does not affect r0_{0,1} because column0 is not in 1..1? Actually column0 is not included in the sum from 1 to j. So A at column0 does not affect r0_{0,1}. To affect r0_{0,1}, we need an A at column1? But that's the B cell itself, can't. So the only way to have r0_{0,1}=1 is to have an A at column1? No, that would make it A. So impossible. More generally, for a B cell at column j, r0_{i,j} = sum_{k=1}^{j} b_{i,k}. Since b_{i,j}=0, r0_{i,j} = sum_{k=1}^{j-1} b_{i,k}. So it depends on A's in columns 1..j-1. If j=0, r0_{i,0}=0 by definition. So for B cells in column 0, r0=0 always in this particular solution. For B cells in column 1, r0 depends on A's in column 1? Actually columns 1..0? There is no column before 1? For j=1, sum_{k=1}^{1} b_{i,k} = b_{i,1}=0, so r0=0. So B cells in column 1 also have r0=0. For j=2, r0 = b_{i,1}+b_{i,2}. Since b_{i,2}=0, r0 = b_{i,1}. So if there is an A at (i,1), then r0_{i,2}=1. But (i,1) being A would make that cell A, not B. So for a B cell at (i,2), we can have r0=1 if there is an A at (i,1). That is possible: (i,1) is A, (i,2) is B. So we can have B at column 2 with r0=1 if the cell to its left (column1) is A. Similarly, for B at column j>1, r0 can be 1 if there is an odd number of A's in columns 1..j-1. Those A's are in the same row but in columns before j, which could be A cells. So it's possible.

Similarly, d0_{i,j} = sum_{k=1}^{i} b_{k,j}. For a B cell at row i, d0 depends on A's in rows 1..i-1 (since b_{i,j}=0). So for i=0, d0=0; i=1, d0 = b_{1,j}? Actually for i=1, sum_{k=1}^{1} b_{k,j} = b_{1,j}. If (1,j) is B, then d0=0. So to have d0=1 at a B cell at row i>0, we need an odd number of A's in rows 1..i-1 in that column. For i=2, d0 = b_{1,j}+b_{2,j}. Since b_{2,j}=0, d0 = b_{1,j}. So if (1,j) is A, then d0_{2,j}=1.

Thus, we can design a pattern where some B cells have r0=1 or d0=1, leading to k=0 or 1.

Now, consider a 2x2 B block at rows 0,1 and columns 0,1. For these B cells, j=0 or 1. For j=0, r0=0; for j=1, r0 = b_{i,1}? But b_{i,1}=0 because (i,1) is B. So r0=0. Similarly d0=0 for i=0,1. So k=1 for all. So to get varied k in a 2x2 block, we need B cells at columns >=2 or rows >=2. So consider a block with rows 0,1 and columns 2,3 maybe. But then columns 2,3 may have B cells with r0 possibly 1 if there are A's in columns 1. So we can set (0,1)=A, (0,2)=B, (0,3)=B, and similarly for row1. Let's attempt H=2, W=4 with B at (0,2),(0,3),(1,2),(1,3). And set (0,1)=A, (1,1)=A to give r0=1 at those B cells? Let's check parity.

Design:
Row0: col0 ?, col1 A, col2 B, col3 B, col4? W=4 so columns 0-3. Let's set col0 maybe B to keep row0 even A. Row0: col0 B, col1 A, col2 B, col3 B -> A count =1 (odd). Need even. So add another A: maybe col0 A? Then row0: A, A, B, B -> A count 2 even. But then (0,0) is A, not B. That's fine, but we want B block at columns 2,3. So row0: A, A, B, B. Row1 similarly: A, A, B, B. Then columns: col0: A,A -> 2 even; col1: A,A -> 2 even; col2: B,B -> 0 even; col3: B,B -> 0 even. So parity holds. B cells: (0,2),(0,3),(1,2),(1,3). Now compute r0 for row0: b = [1,1,0,0] (col0 A=1, col1 A=1, col2 B=0, col3 B=0). With r0[0]=0.
j=1: r0[0]+r0[1]=b0[1]=1 => r0[1]=1.
j=2: r0[1]+r0[2]=b0[2]=0 => 1+r0[2]=0 => r0[2]=1.
j=3: r0[2]+r0[3]=b0[3]=0 => 1+r0[3]=0 => r0[3]=1.
Check wrap: r0[3]+r0[0]=1+0=1 should equal b0[0]=1 OK.
So row0 r: [0,1,1,1].
Row1 same: [0,1,1,1].

Now d for columns:
Column0: b = [1,1] -> d0[0]=0; d1[0]=0+1=1; wrap: d1[0]+d0[0]=1+0=1 = b0[0]=1 OK. So col0 d: [0,1]
Column1: b = [1,1] -> d: [0,1]
Column2: b = [0,0] -> d: [0,0]
Column3: b = [0,0] -> d: [0,0]

Now B cells:
(0,2): r=1, d=0 => r+d=1 => k=0.
(0,3): r=1, d=0 => k=0.
(1,2): r=1, d=0 => k=0.
(1,3): r=1, d=0 => k=0.

All k=0. So equations: a0 + b2 = 0, a0 + b3 = 0, a1 + b2 = 0, a1 + b3 = 0. This system: from a0+b2=0 and a0+b3=0 => b2=b3. Then a1+b2=0 => a1 = b2. Then a1+b3 = b2+b2=0 OK. So consistent. So still consistent.

Now, can we get a mix of k=0 and k=1 in the same component such that a cycle sum becomes odd? For a 4-cycle, we need two rows and two columns. Suppose we have rows 0,1 and columns 2,3 as above, all k=0. That's consistent. To get mixed, we could have some B cells with k=1 and some with k=0. For instance, if we change one of the B cells to have k=1. To achieve that, we need r+d=0 at that cell. Since r and d are determined by A pattern, we could adjust. Let's try to modify the above pattern so that (0,2) has k=1 while others maybe 0. That would require r0_{0,2}+d0_{0,2}=0. Currently r0_{0,2}=1, d0_{0,2}=0 => sum=1. To make sum=0, we could flip r0 for row0 (i.e., choose a different particular solution) but that would affect all B cells in row0. But we are free to choose particular solutions; the consistency condition should be independent. However, for the purpose of testing inconsistency, we need to see if there exists any assignment of a_i,b_j that satisfies the equations. The equations are a_i + b_j = k_{i,j}. If we have a cycle with edges having different k values, the sum around the cycle must be 0. So we need to see if it's possible for the sum to be 1. Let's attempt to construct a concrete example where the sum of k around a cycle is 1.

Take rows 0,1 and columns 0,1,2 maybe with B cells at (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1),(0,2),(1,2) but we need a cycle. A simple cycle could be 0-0-1-1-0 (4-cycle) or longer. Let's aim for a 4-cycle using rows 0,1 and columns 0,1. We want k_{0,0}, k_{0,1}, k_{1,0}, k_{1,1} such that their sum is 1 mod2. That would require an odd number of 1's among these four k. So we need three 1's and one 0, or one 1 and three 0's. Is that possible given the structure of k? Let's see if we can assign A/B pattern to achieve that.

We need cells (0,0),(0,1),(1,0),(1,1) to be B (to have edges). So those four are B. We need to assign other cells (maybe A) to influence r and d at these B cells. Note that for these B cells, their positions are at columns 0 and 1. For column 0, r0_{i,0}=0 always (by our particular solution). For column 1, r0_{i,1} = b_{i,1}? Actually r0_{i,1} = sum_{k=1}^{1} b_{i,k} = b_{i,1}. But b_{i,1}=0 because (i,1) is B. So r0_{i,1}=0. So for both columns 0 and 1, r0=0 regardless of other A's? Wait, could A's in other columns affect r0_{i,1}? No, because the sum only includes column1. So r0_{i,1} depends solely on b_{i,1}, which is 0. So r0=0 for all these B cells. Similarly, d0_{i,j}: for row0, d0_{0,j}=0 (since i=0). For row1, d0_{1,j} = b_{1,j} (since sum_{k=1}^{1} b_{k,j} = b_{1,j}). But b_{1,j}=0 because (1,j) is B. So d0=0 for all these B cells as well. Thus, k = 1 for all four B cells. So sum=0 mod2. So cannot get odd sum with a 2x2 B block at top-left corner because r0 and d0 are forced 0. What if we consider rows 0,2 and columns 0,1? But then row2 might have d0 not zero. Let's try rows 0 and 2, columns 0 and 1. For row0, r0=0 as before; for row2, r0_{2,0}=0, r0_{2,1}=b_{2,1}? But (2,1) is B so 0. So r0 still 0. d0: for column0, d0_{0,0}=0, d0_{2,0} = sum_{k=1}^{2} b_{k,0}. If (1,0) is A, then d0_{2,0}=1. Similarly for column1. So we could have d0 non-zero for row2. So k for (2,0) = 1 + r0 + d0 = 1 + 0 + d0 = 1+d0. So if d0=1, then k=0. For (0,0): k=1. So we could have mixed k. Let's attempt to construct such a case with rows 0 and 2, columns 0 and 1 as B cells, and ensure row/column parity.

We need H>=3. Let's try H=3, W=2? But W=2, columns 0 and 1. But we need both columns 0 and 1 to have B cells at rows 0 and 2. Also need parity even. Let's attempt H=3, W=2.

Set grid:
Row0: B at col0, B at col1? That would be row0 all B -> A count 0 even.
Row1: need to adjust parity for columns. Columns must have even A. Let's decide which cells are A. We want (0,0),(0,1),(2,0),(2,1) as B. The other cells: (1,0),(1,1) can be A or B. To have column0 even A: column0 has B at rows0,2, and (1,0) maybe A. Then column0 A count = 1 if (1,0)=A, which is odd -> not allowed. So (1,0) must be B to keep 0 A. Similarly column1: (1,1) must be B. Then all cells become B. That's all B, which gives k=1 for all, sum even.

So to get d0 non-zero at row2, we need some A in column0 at row1. But that would make column0 A count odd unless there is another A in column0. Since we have rows 0,2 B, we could set (1,0)=A and also maybe (something else) but only rows 0,1,2. To make column0 even, we need an even number of A's. If (1,0)=A, that's 1 A, odd. So we need another A in column0, but the only other row is 0 or 2, but those are B. So cannot. Thus, with H=3, if we want B at (0,0) and (2,0), column0 would have A count determined by row1. To have even, row1 must be B. So d0_{2,0}=0. So no variation.

Thus, to have d0 non-zero at a B cell in row i>0, we need an odd number of A's in that column in rows 1..i-1. But the column's total A count must be even. If we have an odd number of A's in rows 1..i-1, then to make total even, the number of A's in rows i..H-1 (including row i and above?) must also be odd. But row i itself is B (0), so the remaining rows (i+1..H-1) must contain an odd number of A's. That is possible if H is larger. So we can design a column where there is an A in row1, and another A in row3, making total even (2), and B at row2. Then d0_{2,j} = sum_{k=1}^{2} b_{k,j} = b_{1,j}+b_{2,j}. Since b_{2,j}=0, d0_{2,j}=b_{1,j}. If b_{1,j}=1, then d0=1. So we can have d0=1 at a B cell in row2 if there is an A in row1 same column. And column total A would be b_{1,j}+ maybe others to make even. If we also have an A in row3, total 2 even. So possible.

Let's attempt H=4, W=2? But W=2, columns 0,1. We want B cells at (0,0),(0,1),(2,0),(2,1) maybe, and also we need other cells to adjust parity. Let's try H=4, W=2. We'll design:

Rows: 0,1,2,3. Columns: 0,1.
We want B at (0,0),(0,1),(2,0),(2,1). The other cells: (1,0),(1,1),(3,0),(3,1) can be A/B.

We need each row even A, each column even A.

Let's set row0: B,B -> A=0 even.
Row2: B,B -> A=0 even.
Now row1 and row3 can have A's to make columns even.

Column0: cells: (0,0)=B, (1,0)=?, (2,0)=B, (3,0)=?. To have even A count, we need an even number of A among (1,0),(3,0). So possibilities: both A, or both B.
Column1 similarly.

We also want d0_{2,0}=1 to get k variation. d0_{2,0} = sum_{k=1}^{2} b_{k,0} = b_{1,0}+b_{2,0}. Since b_{2,0}=0, d0_{2,0}=b_{1,0}. So we need b_{1,0}=1 (i.e., (1,0)=A). Then to keep column0 even, we need (3,0)=A as well (since two A's). So set (3,0)=A. Similarly for column1, we could set (1,1)=A and (3,1)=A to make d0_{2,1}=1. But we might not need both; we just want a cycle with mixed k. Let's set both columns with A in row1 and row3. Then row1: (1,0)=A, (1,1)=A -> A count 2 even. Row3: (3,0)=A, (3,1)=A -> 2 even. So parity holds.

Now B cells: (0,0),(0,1),(2,0),(2,1). Compute r0 and d0.

First, b grid:
Row0: [0,0]
Row1: [1,1]
Row2: [0,0]
Row3: [1,1]

Compute r for each row (W=2). Use r_{i,0}=0.
Row0: b0[0]=0, b0[1]=0.
j=1: r0[0]+r0[1]=b0[1]=0 => r0[1]=0.
Check wrap: r0[1]+r0[0]=0+0=0 = b0[0]=0 OK. So row0 r: [0,0].
Row1: b1=[1,1]. r1[0]=0. j=1: 0+r1[1]=1 => r1[1]=1. Wrap: r1[1]+r1[0]=1+0=1 = b1[0]=1 OK. So row1 r: [0,1].
Row2: b2=[0,0] -> r2: [0,0].
Row3: b3=[1,1] -> r3: [0,1].

Now d for columns (H=4). Use d_{0,j}=0.
Column0: b = [0,1,0,1] (rows0-3). d0[0]=0.
i=1: d1[0] = d0[0]+b1[0]=0+1=1.
i=2: d2[0] = d1[0]+b2[0]=1+0=1.
i=3: d3[0] = d2[0]+b3[0]=1+1=0.
Wrap: d3[0]+d0[0]=0+0=0 should equal b0[0]=0 OK.
So column0 d: [0,1,1,0] (rows0,1,2,3)
Column1: b = [0,1,0,1] -> similarly d: [0,1,1,0].

Now B cells:
(0,0): r=0, d=0 => k=1.
(0,1): r=0, d=0 => k=1.
(2,0): r=0, d=1 => r+d=1 => k=0.
(2,1): r=0, d=1 => k=0.

So we have k values: for row0-col0,1: 1; row2-col0,1: 0.

Now consider the bipartite graph: rows 0,2; columns 0,1. Edges: (0,0),(0,1),(2,0),(2,1). This is a complete bipartite K_{2,2}. The equations:
a0 + b0 = 1
a0 + b1 = 1
a2 + b0 = 0
a2 + b1 = 0

Let's check consistency. From first two: a0+b0=1, a0+b1=1 => b0=b1. Then a2+b0=0 => a2 = b0. Then a2+b1 = b0+b0=0, OK. So consistent. Number of solutions? We have variables a0,a2,b0,b1. The equations imply b0=b1, a0 = 1+b0, a2 = b0. So one free variable (b0). So dimension 1, number of solutions 2. The bipartite graph is connected (since all four vertices connected), so c=1, answer 2^1=2. So still consistent.

Now, can we get a cycle where the sum of k is odd? For a 4-cycle, sum of k = (a0+b0)+(a0+b1)+(a2+b0)+(a2+b1) = 2(a0+a2+b0+b1) = 0 mod2 always, regardless of k values? Wait, that's the sum of the left-hand sides
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
