=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
On a circle, there are N equally spaced points numbered 0,1,\ldots,N-1 in this order, with Alice at point 0 and Bob at point K. Initially, all points are colored white. Starting with Alice, they alternately perform the following operation:

- Choose one of the currently white points and color it black. Here, after the operation, the coloring of the points must be symmetric with respect to the straight line connecting the operator and the center of the circle.

If the operator cannot perform an operation satisfying the above condition, the sequence of operations ends there.
Both players cooperate and make the best choices to maximize the total number of points colored black in the end. Determine whether all points are colored black at the end of the sequence of operations.
You are given T test cases to solve.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
T
\mathrm{case}_1
\mathrm{case}_2
\vdots 
\mathrm{case}_T

Each test case \mathrm{case}_i (1 \leq i \leq T) is in the following format:
N K

Output

Print T lines. The i-th line should contain Yes if all points can be colored black for the i-th test case, and No otherwise.

Constraints


- 1 \leq T \leq 10^5
- 2 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq K \leq N-1
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4
6 2
6 3
6 1
200000 100000

Sample Output 1

Yes
No
Yes
No

For N=6 and K=2, all points can be colored black by, for example, performing operations in the following order:

- Alice colors point 3 black.
- Bob colors point 1 black.
- Alice colors point 5 black.
- Bob colors point 2 black.
- Alice colors point 4 black.
- Bob colors point 0 black.


For N=6 and K=3, below is one possible progression. Actually, no matter what they do, they cannot color all points black.

- Alice colors point 3 black.
- Bob colors point 0 black.
- Alice cannot color any point black so that the coloring will be symmetric with respect to her line, so she cannot perform the operation.

You will use the following starter code to write the solution to the problem and enclose your code within delimiters.
```python

```

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve a problem: Given N points equally spaced on a circle, labeled 0,...,N-1 in order. Alice at point 0, Bob at point K. They alternate starting with Alice. Each operation: choose a currently white point and color it black, such that after coloring, the overall coloring (which points are black) is symmetric with respect to the line through the operator and the center of the circle. So the operator must ensure that after his/her move, the configuration is symmetric about the line from the center to his/her position. If no such move exists, the game ends. Both players cooperate to maximize total number of black points in the end. We need to determine if all points can be colored black.

Interpretation: The players are cooperating, so they want to achieve the maximum possible number of black points. The question: is it possible to color all N points black? Equivalent: can the game proceed until all points are black, given the symmetry constraints and alternating turns? Since they cooperate, they can choose any sequence of moves that respects the rules and aims to maximize the final number. So we need to check if there exists a sequence of moves (alternating, starting with Alice) that results in all points black, given the constraints.

We need to understand the symmetry condition. At any moment, after a player's move, the coloring must be symmetric with respect to the line through that player's position and the center. So each move must produce a configuration that is symmetric about that line. Since the players alternate, the configuration after each move must satisfy the symmetry condition for the player who just moved. The configuration before the move may not be symmetric about that line; the move must bring it to symmetry.

We need to think about the structure: The points are on a circle. The line through a point (say point i) and the center is a diameter that passes through point i and the opposite point (i + N/2 mod N if N even, else no exact opposite point). Actually, the line from center to point i is a radius; the line through the center and point i is the line that goes through point i and the center, extending both directions, so it's the line that passes through point i and its antipodal point if N is even; if N is odd, there is no point exactly opposite, but the line still defines a symmetry axis: it will map each point to some other point via reflection across that line. The reflection maps the circle to itself, and since points are equally spaced, the reflection will map point j to some point f_i(j). The symmetry condition: after the move, the coloring must be invariant under this reflection. That is, for all j, the color of j equals the color of f_i(j).

So the operator must ensure that after coloring the chosen point black, the entire configuration becomes symmetric about his/her line.

Let’s denote the reflection mapping for operator at position i. The reflection axis passes through i and the center. For a point j, its reflection across that axis is some point j' such that the angular positions are symmetric. Since points are equally spaced, we can think of indices modulo N. The mapping depends on N and i.

If we number points by angle: point 0 at angle 0, point 1 at 2π/N, etc. The line through center and point i corresponds to angle θ_i = 2π i / N. Reflection across that line maps angle φ to 2θ_i - φ (mod 2π). So point j (angle 2π j / N) maps to point (2i - j) mod N. Because: 2θ_i - (2π j/N) = 2*(2π i/N) - 2π j/N = 2π(2i - j)/N. So the reflection maps index j to (2i - j) mod N.

Thus the symmetry condition for operator at i: after the move, for all j, color[j] = color[(2i - j) mod N].

Note that this mapping is an involution: applying twice gives j back.

Now, the operator can color one white point black. He must choose a white point p such that after setting it black, the whole configuration becomes symmetric about line i. That means that before his move, the configuration might not be symmetric, but after setting p black, the symmetry condition must hold. Since only one point changes color (from white to black), we need to ensure that the new black point p and its mirror image q = (2i - p) mod N are consistent with symmetry.

Let’s denote the current coloring (before the move) as a set of black points B (white others). After coloring p black, we get B' = B ∪ {p}. The condition: For all j, j ∈ B' iff (2i - j) ∈ B'. Equivalently, B' is symmetric under the reflection.

Given B is not necessarily symmetric, but we can choose p to achieve symmetry.

We need to understand what moves are possible.

Let’s denote the reflection mapping R_i: j -> 2i - j mod N.

For B' to be symmetric, we need that for any j, if j is black then R_i(j) is black, and vice versa. So B' must be a union of orbits of the reflection. The orbits: each orbit is either a singleton (if j = R_i(j)) or a pair {j, R_i(j)} with j ≠ R_i(j). The fixed points (j such that j ≡ 2i - j mod N) satisfy 2j ≡ 2i mod N => j ≡ i mod N/2? Let's solve: 2j ≡ 2i (mod N) => j ≡ i (mod N/gcd(2,N)). More carefully: The equation j ≡ 2i - j (mod N) => 2j ≡ 2i (mod N) => j ≡ i (mod N/ gcd(2,N)). Actually, we need to consider N parity.

If N is even: Then 2i mod N is even? Let's solve: 2j ≡ 2i (mod N) => 2(j - i) ≡ 0 (mod N) => N divides 2(j-i). Since N is even, let N=2M. Then condition: 2(j-i) ≡ 0 mod 2M => (j-i) ≡ 0 mod M. So j ≡ i mod M. So there are exactly two solutions modulo N: j = i and j = i+M (since M = N/2). So there are two fixed points: i and i+N/2 (the antipodal point). Indeed, reflection across diameter through i fixes the two points on that diameter: i and its opposite.

If N is odd: Then 2 is invertible modulo N, because gcd(2,N)=1. So 2j ≡ 2i mod N => j ≡ i mod N. So the only fixed point is j = i. So there is exactly one fixed point: the point i itself.

Thus orbits: For even N, each orbit is either a pair {j, R_i(j)} with j ≠ R_i(j) unless j is i or i+N/2, which are fixed (singletons). For odd N, each orbit is a pair except the fixed point i (singleton).

Now, for B' to be symmetric, it must contain entire orbits: either all points of an orbit are black, or none. Because if one point in an orbit is black, its mirror must also be black. Since we are only adding one point p, we need to ensure that after adding p, the set becomes symmetric.

Let’s denote the current set B (before move). The symmetry condition for B' can be expressed as: For each orbit O, either O ⊆ B' or O ∩ B' = ∅. Since we only add p, we need to adjust orbits.

Let’s consider the effect of adding p. There are two cases: p is in a pair orbit (size 2) or a singleton orbit (size 1). If p is in a pair orbit {p, q} where q = R_i(p) and p ≠ q, then for B' to be symmetric, we need that after adding p, both p and q must be black. But currently, before move, we only add p; q may be white or black. If q is already black, then adding p makes the orbit fully black (since both black). If q is white, then after adding p, we would have p black but q white, violating symmetry. So we cannot add p unless q is already black. However, we could also consider that we might also be able to add p if q is also added? But we only add one point. So for a pair orbit, to achieve symmetry after the move, we need that the orbit already has both points black, or we are adding one point but the other is already black, or we are adding both? But we can't add both in one move. So the only way to make the orbit symmetric after adding p is: either both were already black (then adding p is redundant, but p must be white to be chosen; can't choose a black point), or one is black and the other is white, and we add the white one to make both black. That works: if currently exactly one of the pair is black, then adding the other white one makes the orbit fully black, satisfying symmetry. If currently both are white, adding one would leave the other white, breaking symmetry. So for a pair orbit, a move is possible only if exactly one of the two points is currently black, and we color the other one. Also, if both are black, we can't choose any because they are already black. If both white, we cannot choose one because that would break symmetry.

Now for singleton orbits (fixed points): For even N, points i and i+N/2 are fixed. For odd N, point i is fixed. For a singleton orbit, symmetry condition is automatically satisfied regardless of its color, because its mirror is itself. So if we add a singleton point (which is white), after adding it, it becomes black, and symmetry holds because the orbit is just that point. However, we must also consider the effect on other orbits? No, because the condition is per orbit. So we can always color a white fixed point, regardless of other points. But careful: Could coloring a fixed point affect the symmetry condition for other orbits? No, because symmetry condition is that for all j, color[j]=color[R_i(j)]. For fixed points, it's trivial. For other orbits, they are independent. So adding a fixed point does not break symmetry as long as the other orbits are symmetric. But wait, we need the entire configuration to be symmetric after the move. If before the move, the configuration was not symmetric (maybe because some orbits were not symmetric), then after adding a fixed point, the configuration might still not be symmetric because other orbits are not symmetric. However, the move must result in a symmetric configuration overall. So we need to ensure that after adding p, all orbits satisfy the condition. That means that before the move, the configuration must be such that after adding p, all orbits become symmetric. That imposes constraints on the current state relative to the chosen p.

Thus, a move by operator i is valid if there exists a white point p such that after setting it black, the entire set becomes symmetric under R_i. That means:

- For the orbit containing p: after adding p, that orbit must be either fully black or fully white? Actually, after adding p, the orbit must be either all black or all white? Wait, symmetry requires that if any point in an orbit is black, its mirror must also be black. So the orbit can be all white, or all black, but not mixed. So after the move, each orbit must be either completely black or completely white. So before the move, the orbits may be mixed. Adding p can fix some orbits.

Let’s denote the current set B. For each orbit O, define its status: it can be "full" (all points in O are black), "empty" (all white), or "mixed" (some black, some white). For a pair orbit, mixed means exactly one black and one white (since only two points). For singleton, mixed can't happen because only one point; it's either black or white. So mixed only possible for pairs.

After the move, we need all orbits to be either full or empty. So we need to choose p such that after adding p, all orbits become full or empty.

Since we only change one point, only the orbit containing p can change its status. Other orbits remain as they were. Therefore, for the move to be valid, all orbits other than the one containing p must already be either full or empty (i.e., not mixed). And the orbit containing p must become full or empty after adding p.

Thus, the condition: Before the move, for all orbits O ≠ O_p, O is either full or empty. And O_p, after adding p, must become full or empty.

Now, O_p could be a pair or singleton.

Case 1: O_p is a singleton (fixed point). Then before move, O_p is either white (empty) or black (full). Since p is white (we must choose a white point), O_p is empty before move. After adding p, it becomes full (since the only point becomes black). So O_p becomes full. That's fine. So the condition reduces to: all other orbits must be either full or empty. Since we only add a fixed point, the other orbits must already be symmetric (i.e., not mixed). So a move on a fixed point is possible iff all other orbits are already symmetric (i.e., no mixed pairs). That is, the current configuration must be symmetric under R_i except possibly that the fixed point we are about to color is white? Wait, but if other orbits are mixed, then after coloring the fixed point, they remain mixed, so overall configuration would not be symmetric. So indeed, for a fixed point move to be valid, the current configuration must already be symmetric under R_i (i.e., all orbits are full or empty) except that the fixed point is white? Actually, if the configuration is already symmetric, then all orbits are either full or empty. In that case, the fixed point being white means it's empty, and we can color it to make it full, and symmetry is maintained because all other orbits are symmetric. But if the configuration is already symmetric, then we can color any white fixed point? But careful: if the configuration is symmetric, then for each pair orbit, both points have same color. So they are either both black or both white. So there are no mixed pairs. So yes, we can color a white fixed point. But also, could we color a white point in a pair orbit when the configuration is symmetric? If the pair orbit is both white, then adding one would make it mixed, breaking symmetry. So not allowed. If the pair orbit is both black, can't choose. So in a symmetric configuration, the only possible moves are coloring white fixed points (if any). So fixed point moves are possible only when the configuration is already symmetric (i.e., all orbits are homogeneous). But wait, is it possible that before the move, some orbits are mixed but we can still achieve overall symmetry by adding a fixed point? No, because mixed orbits remain mixed, so overall not symmetric. So indeed, fixed point moves require that all other orbits are already homogeneous.

Case 2: O_p is a pair orbit {p, q} with p≠q. Then before move, we have three possibilities for that orbit: both white (empty), both black (full), or mixed (one black, one white). Since p is white, the orbit cannot be full (both black) because then p would be black. So it's either empty (both white) or mixed (one black, one white). After adding p, if the orbit was empty, then it becomes mixed (p black, q white) -> not homogeneous. If it was mixed, then after adding the white one, it becomes full (both black) -> homogeneous. So the only way to make the orbit homogeneous after adding p is if the orbit was mixed before, and we color the white point. So we need that before the move, the orbit O_p is mixed (exactly one black, one white), and we choose the white one to color. Then after move, it becomes full. Also, all other orbits must already be homogeneous (full or empty). So a move on a pair orbit is possible iff: (i) all other orbits are homogeneous; (ii) the chosen orbit is mixed, and we color the white point in that mixed pair.

Thus, both types of moves require that before the move, all orbits except possibly the one we are modifying are already homogeneous. In other words, the configuration must be "almost symmetric" with respect to R_i: it may have at most one orbit that is not homogeneous (i.e., mixed), and that orbit must be the one we are going to fix by coloring the white point to make it homogeneous. For a fixed point, the orbit is homogeneous already (empty) and we will make it full, but that's also a change from homogeneous (empty) to homogeneous (full). Actually, if the orbit is empty (both white? but singleton empty is homogeneous empty), after adding it becomes full, which is also homogeneous. So the orbit changes from homogeneous empty to homogeneous full. That's allowed, but the condition that other orbits are homogeneous must hold. So in both cases, before the move, all orbits except possibly the target orbit must be homogeneous. However, note: For a fixed point, the target orbit is homogeneous empty before move, so it's already homogeneous. So the condition "all other orbits are homogeneous" is necessary, but the target orbit itself is also homogeneous before move. So the condition reduces to: the entire configuration must be homogeneous (i.e., symmetric) before the move, except that we may be about to change a homogeneous orbit from empty to full. But wait, is it possible that before the move, the configuration is not symmetric, but by coloring a point in a mixed pair we can achieve symmetry? Yes, that's the mixed case: the target orbit is mixed, others homogeneous. That means the configuration is not symmetric (because there is a mixed pair), but after fixing that mixed pair, it becomes symmetric. So the condition is: before the move, the configuration has exactly one orbit that is not homogeneous (i.e., exactly one mixed pair), and we color the white point in that mixed pair. Or, before the move, the configuration is already symmetric (all orbits homogeneous), and we color a white fixed point (which is empty homogeneous) to make it full homogeneous. But also, could we color a white point in a pair that is both white? That would create a mixed pair, not allowed. So not possible. Could we color a white point in a pair that is both black? Not possible because it's black. So only those two types.

Thus, the move possibilities for operator i are:

- If the current configuration is symmetric (all orbits homogeneous), then the only legal moves are to color a white fixed point (if any). (Because coloring a white point in a homogeneous empty pair would break symmetry.)
- If the current configuration has exactly one mixed pair (and all other orbits homogeneous), then the only legal move is to color the white point in that mixed pair, making it full. (Note: Could there be a mixed fixed point? No, singleton can't be mixed.)
- If the current configuration has more than one mixed pair, then no move is possible for operator i, because fixing one mixed pair would leave others mixed, so overall not symmetric.

- Also, if there is a mixed pair and also a white fixed point? But then other orbits include the fixed point orbit which is homogeneous (empty or full). That's fine, but we still have exactly one mixed pair? Actually, if there is a mixed pair and also a white fixed point, the fixed point orbit is homogeneous (empty). So the configuration has one mixed pair and all others homogeneous. That's still exactly one non-homogeneous orbit. So a move could be either to fix the mixed pair (by coloring its white point) or to color the white fixed point? But would coloring the white fixed point be legal? Let's check: If we color the white fixed point, then after move, the mixed pair remains mixed, so overall not symmetric. So that move is not allowed. So only the mixed pair fix is allowed. So when there is a mixed pair, the only legal move is to fix that mixed pair. When there is no mixed pair (i.e., symmetric), the only legal moves are to color a white fixed point (if any). If there are no white fixed points (i.e., all fixed points are black), then no move possible? Actually, if symmetric and all fixed points are black, then all points are black? Not necessarily: there could be empty pair orbits (both white). But those are homogeneous empty pairs. In a symmetric configuration, empty pairs are allowed. So if there are empty pairs, can we color a point in an empty pair? That would break symmetry, as argued. So not allowed. So if symmetric and no white fixed points, then no move is possible. But if there are empty pairs, the game would end even though not all points are black. However, the players cooperate to maximize total black points. They might try to avoid getting into a symmetric state with empty pairs and no white fixed points, because that would end the game prematurely. They want to achieve all black. So they need to sequence moves such that eventually all points become black.

Now, we have two players alternating, each with their own symmetry axis (Alice at 0, Bob at K). So the allowed moves depend on whose turn it is, because the reflection axis differs. So the state must satisfy the move conditions relative to the current player's axis.

We need to determine if there exists a sequence of moves (alternating, starting with Alice) that results in all points black. Since they cooperate, they can choose moves strategically.

We need to analyze the game in terms of orbits under each player's reflection.

Let’s denote the two axes: A: i=0, and B: i=K.

For each axis, we have orbits as described.

The game proceeds with alternating turns. At each turn, the player must make a move that is legal according to the current state and his/her axis.

Goal: can we reach the state where all points are black? Since all black is symmetric under any axis (since all points black, it's trivially symmetric), it's a terminal state? Actually, if all points are black, then no white points to color, so the game ends. But we want to know if we can achieve that state.

We need to see if there is a sequence of legal moves that ends with all black.

Given the constraints, we need to find a condition on N and K.

Let's try to understand the structure.

First, note that the players alternate. The moves are constrained by the current configuration relative to the player's axis. The configuration evolves.

We can think of the game as a process of "fixing" orbits under each player's reflection. Each move essentially resolves a "defect" (mixed pair) for the current player's axis, or adds a fixed point if the configuration is already symmetric for that axis.

But note: The configuration may be symmetric for one axis but not for the other. After a move by Alice (axis 0), the configuration becomes symmetric with respect to axis 0. Then it's Bob's turn; his axis is K. The configuration may not be symmetric with respect to axis K. So Bob must make a move that makes it symmetric with respect to his axis. That move will likely break symmetry with respect to Alice's axis, unless the two axes coincide or something.

So the game is like: each move forces the configuration to become symmetric under the current player's axis, but may break symmetry under the other axis.

We need to see if we can eventually get all points black.

Observations: The all-black configuration is symmetric under both axes. So we need to reach that.

We can try to model the game as a kind of token process on pairs.

Let's denote the set of points. We have two reflections: R0 (i=0) mapping j -> -j mod N (since 2*0 - j = -j mod N). Actually, R0(j) = -j mod N. And RK(j) = 2K - j mod N.

These are involutions.

We can consider the group generated by these two reflections; it's a dihedral group perhaps. But maybe we can reduce to considering orbits under the group generated by the two reflections? Because the moves alternate, and each move forces symmetry under one reflection, which essentially means that after a move, the configuration is invariant under that reflection. Then the next move must make it invariant under the other reflection, but the move itself will likely break the first invariance unless the two reflections commute or the configuration is already invariant under both.

Let's think about the state after Alice's move. It is symmetric under R0. Then Bob must make a move that results in symmetry under RK. What are the possible moves for Bob given a configuration symmetric under R0? We need to characterize the configuration that is symmetric under R0, and then see what moves Bob can do to achieve symmetry under RK.

Similarly, after Bob's move, the configuration is symmetric under RK, and then Alice must move to achieve symmetry under R0.

Thus, the game alternates between states that are symmetric under one of the two reflections.

We can view the process as: start from initial state: all points white. Is this symmetric under R0? All white is symmetric under any reflection (since all points same color). So initially, the configuration is symmetric under both axes. So it's symmetric under R0. Alice's turn. Since the configuration is symmetric under R0, what moves can Alice make? As per earlier, when symmetric, the only legal moves are to color a white fixed point (under R0). Are there any white fixed points? Fixed points under R0: For N even, points 0 and N/2 are fixed. For N odd, point 0 is fixed. Initially all white, so these fixed points are white. So Alice can color a white fixed point. Could she also color something else? No, because coloring a white point in a pair would break symmetry. So Alice's possible first moves are to color either point 0 (if it's a fixed point) or point N/2 (if N even) as fixed points. But note: point 0 is Alice's position; is that allowed? The problem says "choose one of the currently white points and color it black." There's no restriction that they cannot color their own point? Probably allowed. So Alice can color point 0. But is point 0 a fixed point under R0? Yes, because R0(0)=0. So she can color it. Also if N even, she can color point N/2. So Alice has at least one move (coloring point 0) unless point 0 is not considered? It is a point on the circle, yes. So Alice can always color point 0 on her first move, because it's a white fixed point under her axis.

But wait: Is there any subtlety about the symmetry condition after coloring? After she colors point 0, the configuration becomes: point 0 black, others white. Is this symmetric under R0? Let's check: For R0, we need color[j] = color[-j]. For j=0, it's fine. For any other j, we need color[j]=color[-j]. Since both are white, it's fine. So indeed, after coloring point 0, the configuration is symmetric under R0. So Alice's move is legal.

Thus, Alice can always make a move on her first turn by coloring point 0.

Now after that, the configuration is symmetric under R0, with point 0 black, others white. Then it's Bob's turn. Bob's axis is K. The configuration may not be symmetric under RK. Bob must make a move that results in symmetry under RK. What moves are possible for Bob given this configuration?

We need to analyze the configuration after Alice's first move: B = {0} (black), others white.

We need to determine, for Bob's axis K, what are the orbits under RK, and which orbits are homogeneous? Then see if there is a legal move for Bob.

Let's denote N, K.

We have points: 0 black, others white.

Compute orbits under RK. For each orbit, we need to see if it's homogeneous (all black or all white) or mixed.

We need to find if there exists a white point p such that after coloring p black, the configuration becomes symmetric under RK. According to our earlier analysis, that requires that before the move, all orbits except possibly the one containing p are homogeneous, and the orbit containing p is either mixed (and we color the white point in it) or it's a fixed point (and we color it, but then all other orbits must be homogeneous). Since currently we have only one black point (0), many orbits will be mixed if 0 and its mirror are not both black or both white.

Let's compute the orbit of 0 under RK. R_K(0) = 2K - 0 = 2K mod N. So the orbit of 0 is {0, 2K mod N} if 0 ≠ 2K mod N; if 0 = 2K mod N, then 0 is a fixed point. 0 = 2K mod N means 2K ≡ 0 mod N => N divides 2K. So if N even and K = N/2, then 2K = N ≡ 0, so 0 is fixed? Actually, if K = N/2, then 2K = N ≡ 0 mod N, so R_K(0)=0, so 0 is a fixed point under RK. Also, if N odd, 2K ≡ 0 mod N would imply N divides 2K, but since N odd and gcd(2,N)=1, that would imply N divides K, but K < N, so only K=0 which is not allowed (K between 1 and N-1). So for odd N, 0 cannot be fixed under RK unless K=0. So for odd N, 0 is not fixed.

Thus, the orbit of 0 under RK is either a pair {0, 2K} (if 2K ≠ 0 mod N) or a singleton {0} (if 2K ≡ 0 mod N, i.e., N even and K = N/2). In the pair case, currently 0 is black, 2K is white. So that orbit is mixed (one black, one white). All other orbits: they consist of points that are all white, except possibly if some other point is black? Only 0 is black. So any orbit that does not contain 0 will have both points white (if pair) or a white fixed point (if singleton). So those orbits are homogeneous (all white). So the configuration has exactly one mixed orbit: the orbit containing 0 (if it's a pair). If the orbit of 0 is a singleton (i.e., 0 is fixed under RK), then that orbit is homogeneous? Actually, if 0 is fixed, then it's a singleton orbit. Currently 0 is black, so that orbit is full (black). All other orbits are all white (homogeneous). So then there are no mixed orbits; the configuration is symmetric under RK? Let's check: If 0 is fixed under RK, then the configuration: 0 black, others white. For symmetry under RK, we need for any j, color[j]=color[2K-j]. Since 0 is fixed, it's fine. For other points, they are all white, so symmetric. So indeed, if 0 is fixed under RK, then the configuration is already symmetric under RK. In that case, Bob's turn: the configuration is symmetric under his axis. Then his legal moves are to color a white fixed point under RK (if any). Are there white fixed points under RK? Fixed points under RK: For even N, points K and K+N/2 are fixed. For odd N, point K is fixed. Currently, are these white? Possibly. So Bob could color a white fixed point. But also, could he color something else? No, because symmetric configuration only allows fixed point moves. So Bob would have moves.

If the orbit of 0 is a pair (mixed), then the configuration is not symmetric under RK because there is a mixed orbit. According to our earlier analysis, Bob can make a move only if there is exactly one mixed orbit (which there is) and he colors the white point in that mixed orbit (i.e., point 2K). That would make the orbit full (both black). After that, all orbits become homogeneous (all white orbits remain white, the formerly mixed orbit becomes black-black, so all orbits are homogeneous). Then the configuration becomes symmetric under RK. So Bob can move by coloring point 2K (provided it is white, which it is). So Bob has a legal move: color point 2K.

Thus, after Alice's first move (coloring 0), Bob always has a legal move: either color 2K (if 2K ≠ 0 mod N) or if 2K ≡ 0 (i.e., N even, K=N/2), then the configuration is already symmetric under RK, and Bob can color a white fixed point under RK (e.g., point K, which is white unless K=0? K is between 1 and N-1, so K is white initially). So Bob can always move.

Now after Bob's move, the configuration becomes symmetric under RK. Then it's Alice's turn again. We need to see if the game can continue until all points are black.

We need to analyze the dynamics more generally.

Let's denote the state after each player's move as being symmetric under that player's axis. So after Alice's move, state is R0-symmetric; after Bob's move, state is RK-symmetric.

Thus, the game alternates between R0-symmetric and RK-symmetric states.

We need to see if we can reach the all-black state, which is symmetric under both.

We can try to model the set of black points as evolving in a structured way.

Maybe we can think in terms of the group generated by the two reflections. The reflections generate a dihedral group D_N (if the axes are at angles that are multiples of π/N? Actually, the set of symmetries of the N-gon is the dihedral group D_N. The two reflections R0 and RK are two reflections in the dihedral group. Their composition is a rotation by 2K (or something). Indeed, R0 ∘ RK is a rotation: R0(RK(j)) = - (2K - j) = j - 2K mod N? Let's compute: R0(j) = -j mod N. RK(j) = 2K - j mod N. Then R0(RK(j)) = - (2K - j) = j - 2K mod N. So it's rotation by -2K (or 2K depending on direction). So the group generated is the whole dihedral group if 2K and N are such that the rotation generates the full cyclic group? Actually, the rotation by 2K generates the subgroup of rotations by multiples of 2K mod N. The group generated by two reflections is a dihedral group whose rotation subgroup is generated by the product of the two reflections, which is a rotation by 2*(angle between axes). The angle between the axes is (K * 2π/N)/? Actually, axis through point 0 corresponds to angle 0; axis through point K corresponds to angle 2πK/N. The angle between them is πK/N? Wait, reflection axes are lines through the center; they are determined by their direction (angle). The line through point 0 has angle 0 (or π, same line). The line through point K has angle 2πK/N (or 2πK/N + π). The angle between them is πK/N (mod π). Actually, the difference in direction modulo π is πK/N (since lines are undirected). The product of two reflections with an angle θ is a rotation by 2θ. So the rotation angle is 2*(πK/N) = 2πK/N. That matches: rotation by 2K steps (since each step is 2π/N). So the rotation is by 2K steps. So the generated rotation subgroup is the set of multiples of d = gcd(2K, N) maybe? Actually, the rotation by 2K generates the subgroup of rotations by multiples of g = gcd(2K, N) in terms of steps? The step size is 2K mod N; the set of multiples of 2K modulo N is the cyclic subgroup of Z_N generated by 2K. Its size is N / gcd(2K, N). So the rotation subgroup has order N / gcd(2K, N). The full dihedral group generated will have size 2 * (N / gcd(2K, N)) if the two reflections are in that dihedral group? But note that R0 and RK are both reflections in the full dihedral group D_N. The subgroup they generate is a dihedral group of order 2 * (N / d) where d = gcd(2K, N)? Actually, the group generated by two reflections in a dihedral group is either the whole D_N if the rotation they generate is the full rotation group, or a proper subgroup if the rotation is a proper subgroup. But we may not need full group theory.

Maybe we can think of the process as: each move colors a point, and the symmetry condition forces that after each move, the set of black points is a union of orbits under the current player's reflection. Since after Alice's move, the set is R0-symmetric, meaning it is a union of R0-orbits. After Bob's move, it's a union of RK-orbits.

Thus, the black set alternates between being a union of R0-orbits and a union of RK-orbits.

We want to eventually have all points black, which is a union of both.

We can consider the "difference" between the two symmetry conditions.

Maybe we can characterize the possible black sets that can appear after each player's move, given the alternating constraint.

Let's attempt to simulate the process in terms of "active" orbits.

Define the state after Alice's move: B is R0-symmetric. So B can be described by which R0-orbits are fully black. Similarly, after Bob's move: B is RK-symmetric.

When Alice moves, she starts from a state that is RK-symmetric (after Bob's previous move). She must choose a white point p such that after coloring it, B becomes R0-symmetric. According to our earlier analysis, this requires that before her move, the configuration (which is RK-symmetric) has at most one mixed R0-orbit, and she fixes it by coloring the white point in that mixed orbit (or colors a white fixed point if all R0-orbits are homogeneous). But careful: The condition for a move to be legal is relative to the player's axis. So when it's Alice's turn, the current configuration is whatever resulted from Bob's move, which is RK-symmetric. She must make it R0-symmetric. So we need to analyze, given an RK-symmetric set B, what moves can Alice do to achieve R0-symmetry.

Similarly for Bob.

Thus, we can think of transitions between RK-symmetric and R0-symmetric sets.

We need to see if we can start from all white (which is both symmetric) and through alternating moves reach all black.

Maybe we can find an invariant or necessary condition.

Let's attempt to analyze small N manually to see patterns.

Sample: N=6, K=2 => Yes. N=6, K=3 => No. N=6, K=1 => Yes. N=200000, K=100000 => No (since N even, K=N/2 => No? Actually sample says No for 200000 100000). So K=N/2 yields No. For N=6, K=3 (N/2) => No. So when K = N/2 (and N even), answer is No. For N=6, K=2 (not N/2) => Yes. For N=6, K=1 => Yes. So maybe condition depends on parity and gcd.

Also consider N odd? Not in sample but we can test.

Let's try to derive condition.

We can attempt to model the game as a process on the set of points modulo N, with two involutions.

Observation: The only way to color a point that is not a fixed point under the current player's axis is to fix a mixed orbit. That means that before the move, there must be exactly one mixed orbit under that axis, and we color the white point in that orbit. After the move, that orbit becomes full, and all orbits become homogeneous. So after such a move, the configuration becomes symmetric under that axis (by construction). Also, after such a move, the configuration might have some orbits under the other axis that are mixed.

Now, what about coloring a fixed point? That is only possible when the configuration is already symmetric under that axis (all orbits homogeneous). Then we can color a white fixed point, turning it black, and the configuration remains symmetric (since fixed point orbit becomes full, others unchanged). So fixed point moves are "safe" and don't create mixed orbits for the current axis, but they might affect the other axis.

Thus, the game can be seen as: we have two types of moves: "fixing a mixed pair" (which resolves a defect for the current axis but may create defects for the other axis) and "coloring a fixed point" (which preserves symmetry for current axis but may create defects for the other axis? Actually, if we color a fixed point under current axis, the configuration remains symmetric under current axis. But under the other axis, the set may become non-symmetric because we added a black point that might break symmetry. However, since the configuration was symmetric under the other axis before the move? Not necessarily. Let's think: Before Alice's move (when it's her turn), the configuration is RK-symmetric (after Bob's move). She will make it R0-symmetric. If she does a fixed point move, that means the current configuration is already R0-symmetric? Wait, for her to do a fixed point move, the condition is that before her move, all R0-orbits are homogeneous (i.e., the configuration is R0-symmetric). But the configuration before her move is RK-symmetric, not necessarily R0-symmetric. So for a fixed point move to be possible, the configuration must be R0-symmetric as well. That would mean it's symmetric under both axes. That could happen if the configuration is fully symmetric under both, i.e., it's a union of orbits under the group generated. But generally, after Bob's move, the configuration is RK-symmetric but may not be R0-symmetric. So fixed point moves are only possible when the configuration is already symmetric under the current player's axis, which would imply it's symmetric under both? Not necessarily both, but at least under the current axis. However, if it's symmetric under the current axis, then the move of coloring a fixed point keeps it symmetric under current axis, but may break the other axis's symmetry. But the move is legal as long as after the move it's symmetric under current axis. So fixed point moves are possible even if the configuration is not symmetric under the other axis. But wait, the condition for a fixed point move is that before the move, all orbits under the current axis are homogeneous. That is exactly that the configuration is symmetric under the current axis. So if before Alice's move, the configuration is RK-symmetric but also R0-symmetric, then she can do a fixed point move. But is it possible that after Bob's move, the configuration is both RK-symmetric and R0-symmetric? That would mean it's invariant under both reflections, hence under the group they generate, which could be a larger symmetry. That might happen at certain states. For example, all white is both. After some moves, maybe some states are both symmetric. But typically, after Bob's move, the configuration is RK-symmetric, but not necessarily R0-symmetric. So Alice will usually need to fix a mixed R0-orbit.

Thus, the typical move is fixing a mixed orbit. Fixed point moves are rarer and might be used when the configuration is already symmetric under both, to progress without creating a mixed orbit for the other player.

Given that the players cooperate to maximize total black points, they would try to avoid getting stuck. The game ends when the player whose turn it is cannot make a move. That would happen if, for the current axis, there is more than one mixed orbit, or if there is exactly one mixed orbit but the white point in that orbit is not available? Actually, if there is exactly one mixed orbit, the move is to color the white point in that orbit, which is available (white). So that's possible. If there are no mixed orbits (i.e., symmetric), then the only possible moves are to color white fixed points. If there are no white fixed points, then no move possible. So the game can get stuck in a symmetric state with no white fixed points but still some white pair orbits (both white). In that case, the player cannot move, and the game ends with some points still white.

Thus, to achieve all black, we must avoid such a stuck state before all points are black. In particular, we need to ensure that we can continue until all points are black.

Now, note that all black is a symmetric state under both axes, with no white points, so game would end naturally (no moves). So we need to reach that.

We need to find if there exists a sequence of moves that leads to all black.

Let's try to analyze the process more concretely.

We can think of the black set as evolving. Each move adds one point. Since they cooperate, they can choose which point to color among legal options.

We need to see if it's possible to eventually color all points.

Maybe we can model the game as a kind of "alternating elimination" of orbits under the two reflections.

Alternate viewpoint: Consider the graph whose vertices are the N points. The two reflections define edges: each point is paired with its mirror under R0, and under RK. But maybe we can consider the group action and the orbits under the group generated by the two reflections. The group G = <R0, RK> is a dihedral group (maybe the whole D_N or a subgroup). The orbits of G on the set of points are the cosets of the rotation subgroup? Actually, the action of G on the N points is transitive if the rotation generated by R0∘RK acts transitively on the points. That is, if the rotation by 2K generates the whole cyclic group Z_N, i.e., if gcd(2K, N) = 1. Then G acts transitively, meaning there is a single orbit: all points can be mapped to each other by combinations of reflections. If gcd(2K, N) = d > 1, then the rotation subgroup has size N/d, so the G-orbits partition the points into d orbits? Let's examine.

Consider the rotation r = R0 ∘ RK, which sends j -> j - 2K mod N. The subgroup generated by r is the set of rotations by multiples of 2K. Its orbits on Z_N are the cosets modulo the subgroup generated by 2K, which has size N / gcd(2K, N). Actually, the subgroup <2K> in Z_N has order N / gcd(2K, N). Its cosets partition Z_N into gcd(2K, N) many orbits under the rotation subgroup. Since G includes reflections, the G-orbits might be larger: each reflection can map between rotation orbits? Possibly, if there is a reflection that maps one coset to another, then the G-orbits could be unions of rotation cosets. Since R0 is a reflection that fixes 0, it maps the rotation orbit containing 0 to itself? Actually, R0 sends j to -j. If we have a rotation orbit (a coset of <2K>), applying R0 might map it to another coset. The full G-orbits are the orbits under the dihedral group generated. Typically, the dihedral group generated by two reflections is a dihedral group whose rotation subgroup is <r>. The action on the N points: if <r> is not the full rotation group, then the set of points may split into multiple orbits under the generated group. Specifically, the group G acts on Z_N. The orbits are the sets of points that can be reached by applying elements of G. Since G contains rotations by multiples of 2K, the orbit of a point j is { j + m*2K (mod N) } ∪ { -j + m*2K (mod N) }? Because we can also reflect. So the orbit size is at most 2 * (size of rotation orbit). But if -j is in the same rotation orbit as j, then the orbit size equals the rotation orbit size; otherwise it's double. The rotation orbit of j is the coset j + <2K>. The condition for -j to be in the same coset is that -j ≡ j + t*2K (mod N) for some t, i.e., 2j ≡ -t*2K mod N => j ≡ -t*K mod (N/2?) Not sure.

But perhaps the G-orbits correspond to the equivalence classes under the relation: i ~ j if j ≡ ± i + 2K*m (mod N). This is like the orbits under the dihedral group with step 2K.

If gcd(2K, N) = d, then the rotation subgroup has size N/d, and there are d rotation orbits (cosets). The dihedral group generated might have either d or d/2 orbits depending on whether the reflection maps between cosets. Actually, consider the group generated by r (rotation by 2K) and a reflection, say R0. The group is the set { r^m, R0 r^m }. The action: R0 r^m (j) = - (j + m*2K) = -j - m*2K. So the orbit of j includes j + m*2K and -j - m*2K. So the orbit is the union of the coset j + <2K> and the coset -j + <2K>. These two cosets may be the same if -j ∈ j + <2K>, i.e., if there exists m such that -j ≡ j + m*2K mod N => 2j ≡ -m*2K mod N => j ≡ -m*K mod (N/2?) Actually, divide by 2 if possible. Let's solve: 2j + m*2K ≡ 0 mod N => 2(j + mK) ≡ 0 mod N => j + mK ≡ 0 mod N/ gcd(2,N)? This is messy.

But maybe we don't need full group orbits; we can analyze the game directly.

Another approach: Since the players cooperate, they can plan the order of coloring points. The constraints are that after each move, the coloring must be symmetric under the mover's axis. This is reminiscent of a process where each move forces the coloring to be invariant under a specific reflection. So we can think of the sequence of moves as building up a set that is invariant under alternating reflections.

We can try to characterize the set of points that can be black at any point. Perhaps the process is deterministic in the sense that the only way to progress is to follow a specific pattern.

Let's attempt to simulate the game for small N and various K to see pattern.

We'll write a small program mentally? But we can reason.

Let’s denote the state after each move. We'll try to derive necessary conditions for all points to be colored.

Observation: The game is similar to a "turn-taking" where each move must make the configuration symmetric under the mover's axis. This is like a "symmetry completion" move.

Consider the effect of a move that fixes a mixed pair. Suppose before Alice's move, the configuration is RK-symmetric. She will make it R0-symmetric by fixing a mixed R0-orbit. Which R0-orbit is mixed? It depends on the current black set.

After Bob's move, the set is RK-symmetric. Let's denote B as RK-symmetric. We need to determine the R0-orbits status.

We can try to compute the "difference" between the two symmetries.

Maybe we can think in terms of the function f(j) = color[j] (0 white, 1 black). After Bob's move, f is RK-symmetric: f(j) = f(2K - j). After Alice's move, f is R0-symmetric: f(j) = f(-j).

We want to eventually have f(j)=1 for all j.

Now, consider the composition of symmetries. If f is both RK-symmetric and R0-symmetric, then it is symmetric under the group generated, which might force f to be constant on each G-orbit. So to have all points black, each G-orbit must be fully black. So if there are multiple G-orbits, we need to blacken each orbit entirely. The question is whether the alternating move process can achieve that.

But maybe the process can only blacken points in a particular order, and it might get stuck if some orbits are "isolated".

Let's attempt to analyze the game as a kind of "bipartite" process on the orbits of the two reflections.

Define the set of R0-orbits: for even N, there are N/2 pairs + 2 fixed points? Actually, number of R0-orbits: For even N, there are N/2 pairs? Let's count: R0 pairs points j and -j. For j from 1 to N/2-1, pair {j, N-j} (since -j mod N = N-j). Also, points 0 and N/2 are fixed. So total orbits = (N/2 - 1) pairs + 2 singles = N/2 +1? Wait, N even: points: 0 fixed, N/2 fixed, and for each j=1,...,N/2-1, pair {j, N-j}. That's (N/2 -1) pairs. So total orbits = (N/2 -1) + 2 = N/2 +1. For odd N: one fixed point 0, and (N-1)/2 pairs. Total orbits = (N-1)/2 +1 = (N+1)/2.

Similarly for RK-orbits.

Now, after Bob's move, B is RK-symmetric, meaning it's a union of whole RK-orbits (each either fully black or fully white). After Alice's move, B is R0-symmetric, union of whole R0-orbits.

Thus, the black set alternates between being a union of RK-orbits and a union of R0-orbits.

We can think of the process as: we have a set of orbits under each reflection. Initially, all orbits are white (empty). The first move by Alice (coloring point 0) makes the R0-orbit containing 0 (which is a fixed point) become black. So after Alice's move, B is R0-symmetric: the R0-orbit of 0 (singleton) is black, all other R0-orbits are white.

Then Bob's move: He must make B RK-symmetric. Starting from that B (R0-symmetric), he will choose a move that results in RK-symmetry. As we saw, he can either color a white fixed point under RK (if B is already RK-symmetric) or fix a mixed RK-orbit. In our specific B after Alice's move, we determined that B is not RK-symmetric unless 0 is fixed under RK. So typically, there is a mixed RK-orbit (the one containing 0). So Bob will color the white point in that mixed orbit, i.e., point 2K (if 2K ≠ 0). That will make that RK-orbit fully black (both 0 and 2K black). After that, B becomes RK-symmetric: the RK-orbit containing 0 and 2K is fully black, all other RK-orbits are white.

Now, after Bob's move, B is RK-symmetric: black set = {0, 2K} if 2K ≠ 0, or {0} if 2K=0 (i.e., K=N/2). But if K=N/2, then after Alice's move, B={0} is already RK-symmetric (since 0 fixed), so Bob could color a white fixed point under RK, say point K (which is N/2). That would make B={0, N/2} after Bob's move? Actually, if K=N/2, then RK fixed points are K and K+N/2 = N (mod N)=0? Wait, for even N, RK fixed points are K and K+N/2. Since K=N/2, K+N/2 = N/2+N/2 = N ≡ 0. So fixed points are N/2 and 0. So both 0 and N/2 are fixed under RK. After Alice's move, B={0} (black). That's RK-symmetric because 0 is fixed and black, N/2 is white but it's a fixed point? Actually, for RK-symmetry, fixed points can be independently colored? Wait, if an orbit is a singleton, symmetry condition only requires that point's color matches itself, which is always true. So having a fixed point black and another fixed point white is fine because they are separate orbits. So B={0} is RK-symmetric: the orbit {0} is black, orbit {N/2} is white, and all pair orbits are white. So it's symmetric. So Bob can color a white fixed point, say N/2. After that, B={0, N/2} becomes RK-symmetric (both fixed points black). So after Bob's move, B={0, N/2} (if K=N/2). So in both cases, after Bob's first move, the black set consists of two points: 0 and 2K (if 2K≠0) or 0 and N/2 (if K=N/2). Note that 2K mod N could equal N/2 if 2K = N/2 mod N? That would require N even and K = N/4. But then 2K = N/2, which is a fixed point under R0? Actually, N/2 is fixed under R0. But that's okay.

Now, after Bob's move, B is RK-symmetric. Then it's Alice's turn again. She must make B R0-symmetric. We need to see what moves she can do.

We need to analyze the R0-orbits of the current B.

General step: Suppose after Bob's move, B is RK-symmetric and consists of some set of whole RK-orbits that are black. We need to determine the status of R0-orbits.

Alice will look for a move that makes B R0-symmetric. According to our earlier analysis, she can either:

- If B is already R0-symmetric, she can color a white fixed point under R0.
- Else, there must be exactly one mixed R0-orbit, and she colors the white point in that mixed orbit.

So we need to understand, given an RK-symmetric black set, how many mixed R0-orbits does it have? And can we always choose a move that reduces the number of mixed R0-orbits to zero (i.e., makes it R0-symmetric) while also being legal (i.e., exactly one mixed orbit before the move)? Actually, the move itself must result in R0-symmetry. So before the move, there must be at most one mixed R0-orbit. If there is exactly one, she can fix it. If there are zero (i.e., already R0-symmetric), she can color a white fixed point (if any). If there are more than one, she cannot move.

Thus, for the game to proceed, at each turn, the current configuration (symmetric under the previous player's axis) must have at most one mixed orbit under the current player's axis.

So the key is: after each move, the configuration becomes symmetric under the mover's axis. Then the next player faces a configuration that is symmetric under the previous axis. We need that configuration has at most one mixed orbit under the next player's axis.

Thus, we need to ensure that after each move, the resulting symmetric set (under the mover's axis) has the property that when viewed under the other axis, it has at most one mixed orbit.

If at some point, after a move, the configuration (symmetric under axis X) has more than one mixed orbit under axis Y, then the next player (with axis Y) cannot move, and the game ends prematurely. Since players cooperate, they will try to avoid such states. So they will choose moves that not only achieve symmetry under their own axis but also ensure that the resulting configuration has at most one mixed orbit under the other axis (so the game can continue). However, is it always possible to choose such a move? The mover may have multiple legal moves (e.g., if there are multiple mixed orbits under his axis? Actually, by definition, before his move, the configuration is symmetric under the other axis, and he must make it symmetric under his axis. The legal moves are determined by the condition that after his move, his axis symmetry holds. As we analyzed, the only legal moves are either fixing a mixed orbit (if exactly one mixed) or coloring a fixed point (if already symmetric). So the mover doesn't have many choices; typically, there is at most one mixed orbit under his axis (otherwise he can't move at all). Wait, before his move, the configuration is symmetric under the other axis, not necessarily under his axis. So there could be many mixed orbits under his axis. But for him to have a legal move, there must be at most one mixed orbit under his axis. Because if there are two or more mixed orbits under his axis, then no single point addition can make all orbits homogeneous (since fixing one mixed orbit leaves others mixed). So the mover can only move if the current configuration (symmetric under the other axis) has at most one mixed orbit under his axis. So the condition for the game to continue is that at the start of each player's turn, the configuration (which is symmetric under the previous player's axis) has at most one mixed orbit under the current player's axis.

Thus, the game proceeds only if this condition holds at each turn. The players can influence which mixed orbit exists by their choice of which point to color when there are multiple options? But when there is exactly one mixed orbit under the current player's axis, there is exactly one legal move: color the white point in that mixed orbit (or if no mixed orbits, then color a white fixed point if any). So there is no choice; the move is forced (except maybe when there are multiple white fixed points? In the symmetric case, there could be multiple white fixed points, giving a choice). But typically, after the first few moves, the configuration may have exactly one mixed orbit, forcing the move.

Thus, the game may be largely deterministic after the initial choices, except when there are multiple white fixed points in a symmetric state, where the player can choose which fixed point to color. That choice could affect future mixed orbits.

So we need to analyze whether, by appropriate choices (especially when there are multiple white fixed points), we can avoid getting into a state where the next player faces more than one mixed orbit.

We need to determine for which (N,K) it is possible to reach all black.

Let's try to simulate the process for small N with different K, see pattern.

We'll attempt to derive a general condition.

First, note that after each move, the black set is symmetric under the mover's axis. So after Alice's move, B is R0-symmetric; after Bob's move, B is RK-symmetric.

Thus, we can think of the sequence of black sets as alternating between R0-symmetric and RK-symmetric.

Let’s denote after t moves, the black set. We'll index moves: move 1 by Alice, move 2 by Bob, move 3 by Alice, etc.

We can try to compute the black set after each move in terms of the points that have been colored.

Observation: The process seems to be building a set that is closed under the group generated by the two reflections, maybe like a "double coset" expansion.

Let's attempt to compute the black set after the first few moves in general.

Initial: all white.

Move 1 (Alice): She must make R0-symmetric. As argued, the only legal move from all white (which is symmetric under both) is to color a white fixed point under R0. The fixed points under R0: if N even, points 0 and N/2; if N odd, point 0. She can choose any white fixed point. She will likely choose one that helps. Typically, she will color point 0 (since it's her position). Could she color N/2 if N even? Yes. But maybe coloring 0 is more natural. However, to maximize total black, she might choose a strategy. We need to see if any choice leads to success. Since they cooperate, they can choose the best.

After move 1, B1 is R0-symmetric and contains one black point: either {0} or {N/2} (if N even). But note that if she colors N/2, then B1 = {N/2}. But then point 0 is white. Is that allowed? Yes, because after her move, the configuration must be R0-symmetric. With only N/2 black, is it R0-symmetric? Check: R0 maps N/2 to -N/2 mod N = N - N/2 = N/2 (since N even, N/2 is fixed). So it's fine. All other points white, symmetric. So B1 could be {N/2}. But then Bob's axis is K. The analysis would be similar but with 0 replaced by N/2. However, note that point 0 is Alice's position, but that doesn't affect legality. So Alice could choose either fixed point. We'll need to consider both possibilities.

But maybe the outcome doesn't depend on that choice? Let's test with N=6, K=2. If Alice colors 0, we saw sequence works. If Alice colors 3 (N/2), what happens? Let's simulate: N=6, points 0..5. R0 fixed: 0 and 3. Alice colors 3. B1={3}. Now Bob's turn, axis K=2. Compute RK: R2(j)=4 - j mod 6? Since 2K=4. So R2(j)=4-j mod6. Orbits: Let's list. For j=3, R2(3)=4-3=1. So orbit of 3 is {3,1} (since 1's mirror is 4-1=3). So mixed orbit: 3 black, 1 white. Other orbits? We'll see. Bob can color the white point in that mixed orbit, which is 1. So B2={3,1}. After Bob's move, B2 is RK-symmetric? Check: R2(3)=1 black, R2(1)=3 black, good. Other orbits? Need to ensure all orbits are homogeneous. Let's list all RK-orbits for K=2, N=6. R2: fixed points? Solve 2j≡4 mod6 => j≡2 mod3? Actually, fixed points: j such that 2j≡4 mod6 => 2j-4≡0 mod6 => 2(j-2)≡0 mod6 => (j-2)≡0 mod3 => j≡2 mod3. So j=2 and j=5? Since mod6, numbers congruent to 2 mod3 are 2 and 5. So fixed points: 2 and 5. Orbits: pairs: {0,4} because R2(0)=4, R2(4)=0; {1,3} as above; {2} fixed; {5} fixed. So after B2={1,3}, the orbit {1,3} is full black, fixed points 2,5 white, pair {0,4} white. So B2 is RK-symmetric. Now Alice's turn: need R0-symmetric. R0 orbits: fixed 0,3; pairs: {1,5}, {2,4}. Current black: 1 and 3. Check R0-orbits: orbit of 3 is fixed {3} -> black (good). orbit of 1 is pair {1,5}: 1 black, 5 white -> mixed. orbit of 0 is fixed {0} white. orbit of 2 is pair {2,4} both white. So we have exactly one mixed R0-orbit: {1,5}. So Alice can color the white point in that mixed orbit, which is 5. Then B3={1,3,5}. After Alice's move, B3 should be R0-symmetric. Check: R0(5)= -5 mod6 =1, black; R0(1)=5 black; fixed 3 black; fixed 0 white; pair {2,4} white. So B3 is R0-symmetric (only mixed? Actually {2,4} both white, fine; {0} white; {3} black; {1,5} both black). So good. Then Bob's turn: RK-symmetric? B3={1,3,5}. RK-orbits: {1,3} both black (good), fixed 2 white, fixed 5 black? Wait 5 is fixed under RK? Yes, 5 is fixed. So orbit {5} is black. Orbit {0,4} white. So we have mixed? Check orbit {0,4} both white (homogeneous). Fixed 2 white. So all orbits homogeneous? Yes: {1,3} black, {5} black, {2} white, {0,4} white. So B3 is RK-symmetric? Actually, need to check: For RK, we need color[j]=color[4-j]. For j=0, color[0]=0, color[4]=0 ok. j=2, color[2]=0, color[2]=0 ok. j=5, color[5]=1, color[-1? Actually R2(5)=4-5=-1 mod6=5, fixed, ok. So B3 is RK-symmetric. So Bob can move. He needs to make it RK-symmetric after his move? It already is, so he can color a white fixed point under RK. White fixed points: 2 is white fixed. So he can color 2. Then B4={1,2,3,5}. After Bob's move, B4 should be RK-symmetric. Check: fixed 2 now black, fixed 5 black, pair {1,3} black, pair {0,4} white. So RK-symmetric. Then Alice's turn: R0-symmetric? B4: black {1,2,3,5}. R0 orbits: fixed 0 white, fixed 3 black, pair {1,5} both black, pair {2,4}: 2 black, 4 white -> mixed. So exactly one mixed orbit {2,4}. Alice colors 4. B5={1,2,3,4,5}. R0-symmetric? Check: pair {2,4} both black, fixed 0 white, fixed 3 black, pair {1,5} black. So R0-symmetric. Bob's turn: RK-symmetric? B5: black all except 0. RK-orbits: {0,4}: 0 white, 4 black -> mixed! Also {1,3} black, fixed 2 black, fixed 5 black. So we have exactly one mixed orbit {0,4}. Bob can color the white point 0. Then B6 all black. So indeed, with Alice starting at 3, we also can achieve all black. So both choices work for N=6,K=2.

Thus, the initial choice may not matter.

Now, for N=6,K=3 (which is N/2). Let's simulate with Alice coloring 0 first (likely). N=6, K=3. R0 fixed: 0,3. Alice colors 0. B1={0}. Bob's axis K=3. RK: R3(j)=6 - j mod6 = -j mod6, which is same as R0? Actually, 2K=6≡0, so R3(j)= -j mod6. So RK = R0. So both axes are the same! Because K=3, and N=6, the line through point 3 is the same as line through point 0? Actually, point 3 is opposite point 0, so the line through 0 and center is the same as line through 3 and center (it's the same diameter). So indeed, R0 and R3 are the same reflection. So both players have the same symmetry axis. Then the game reduces to a single axis. Let's analyze: After Alice's move, B1={0} is symmetric under R0 (and RK). Bob's turn: Since axes coincide, the configuration is already symmetric under his axis. So he can color a white fixed point under that axis. Fixed points: 0 and 3. 0 is black, 3 is white. So he can color 3. Then B2={0,3}. Now Alice's turn: configuration is symmetric under R0 (since both fixed points black, pairs white). She can color a white fixed point? There are no more fixed points (both are black). So she must consider other moves. Is there a mixed orbit? Let's see R0 orbits: fixed 0,3 both black; pairs: {1,5} both white; {2,4} both white. So no mixed orbits. So the configuration is symmetric with no white fixed points. Therefore, Alice has no legal move. Game ends with black points {0,3}, not all black. So answer No.

If Alice had colored 3 first, then B1={3}, Bob colors 0, same result. So indeed, when axes coincide (K = N/2 for even N), the game gets stuck after two moves, with only the two fixed points black, and no further moves possible because there are no white fixed points and coloring any point in a white pair would break symmetry. So answer No for K = N/2 (even N). This matches sample: N=6,K=3 => No; N=200000,K=100000 => No.

Now, what about other K? For N=6,K=1 (sample says Yes). Let's simulate quickly: N=6, K=1. Alice colors 0. B1={0}. Bob's axis K=1, RK: R1(j)=2 - j mod6. Orbits: compute. 2K=2. Fixed points? Solve 2j≡2 mod6 => j≡1 mod3? So j=1,4? Actually, 2j≡2 mod6 => divide by 2? But 2 not invertible mod6. Solve: 2j-2=2(j-1)≡0 mod6 => j-1≡0 mod3 => j≡1 mod3 => j=1,4. So fixed points: 1 and 4. Orbits: {0,2}? Since R1(0)=2, R1(2)=0; {1} fixed; {3,5}? R1(3)=2-3=-1≡5, R1(5)=2-5=-3≡3; {4} fixed. So B1={0}. The orbit of 0 under RK is {0,2} (since 0≠2). Mixed: 0 black, 2 white. So Bob colors 2. B2={0,2}. Now B2 is RK-symmetric? Check: orbit {0,2} both black; fixed 1 white; fixed 4 white; orbit {3,5} both white. So yes. Alice's turn: R0 orbits: fixed 0 black, fixed 3 white; pairs: {1,5} both white; {2,4}: 2 black, 4 white -> mixed. So exactly one mixed orbit {2,4}. Alice colors 4. B3={0,2,4}. R0-symmetric? Check: pair {2,4} both black; fixed 0 black; fixed 3 white; pair {1,5} white. So R0-symmetric. Bob's turn: RK-symmetric? B3: black {0,2,4}. RK orbits: {0,2} both black; fixed 1 white; fixed 4 black? Wait 4 is fixed under RK? Yes, 4 is fixed. So orbit {4} black; orbit {3,5} both white. So RK-symmetric. Bob can color a white fixed point: 1 is white fixed. So B4={0,1,2,4}. Now check RK-symmetry: after adding 1 (fixed), still symmetric? Yes, fixed 1 black, fixed 4 black, pair {0,2} black, pair {3,5} white. So RK-symmetric. Alice's turn: R0-symmetric? B4: black {0,1,2,4}. R0 orbits: fixed 0 black; fixed 3 white; pair {1,5}: 1 black,5 white -> mixed; pair {2,4}: both black. So exactly one mixed orbit {1,5}. Alice colors 5. B5={0,1,2,4,5}. R0-symmetric? Check: pair {1,5} both black; fixed 0 black; fixed 3 white; pair {2,4} black. So R0-symmetric. Bob's turn: RK-symmetric? B5: black {0,1,2,4,5}. RK orbits: {0,2} black; fixed 1 black; fixed 4 black; orbit {3,5}: 5 black,3 white -> mixed. So exactly one mixed orbit {3,5}. Bob colors 3. B6 all black. So Yes.

So for N=6, K=1 works.

Now, what about N=6, K=4? Since K from 1 to 5, but K=4 is symmetric to K=2? Because reflection axes at K and N-K are essentially the same line? Actually, line through point K and center is same as line through point N-K? Since points are equally spaced, the line through K and center is the same as the line through N-K and center? Because the line is determined by the point and the center; point K and point N-K are opposite each other? Wait, point N-K is at angle 2π(N-K)/N = 2π - 2πK/N, which is the reflection of point K across the horizontal? Actually, the line through the center and point K is the same as the line through the center and point N-K? Consider N=6, K=2, N-K=4. The line through point 2 and center: point 2 at 120°, line at 120°. Point 4 at 240°, which is the opposite direction (120°+180°). But a line through the center is undirected; the line at 120° is the same as the line at 300°? Actually, a line through the center is determined by an angle modulo π, not 2π. So angles 120° and 300° represent the same line (since 300° = 120°+180°). So indeed, the line through point 2 (120°) and the line through point 4 (240°) are the same because 240° = 120°+120°? Wait, 120°+180°=300°, not 240°. Let's compute: 2π*2/6 = 120°. 2π*4/6 = 240°. The line at 120° and the line at 240° are perpendicular? Actually, a line through the center with direction 120° is the same as line with direction 300° (since adding 180° flips direction). 240° is 120°+120°, not 180°. So they are different lines. But note that point 4 is not opposite point 2; opposite of 2 is 5 (since 2+3=5). So line through 2 and center is not the same as line through 4 and center. However, the reflection mapping for K=4: R4(j) = 8 - j mod6 = 2 - j mod6? Since 8 mod6 =2, so R4(j)=2-j mod6, which is same as R2? Because R2(j)=4-j mod6? Wait, R2(j)=2*2 - j =4 - j. R4(j)=8 - j =2 - j mod6. Are these the same mapping? Let's test: For j=0, R2(0)=4, R4(0)=2. They are different. But maybe the axes are different. However, due to symmetry of the problem, K and N-K might yield same outcome because the configuration is symmetric under rotation? But Alice is at 0, Bob at K; if we replace K by N-K, Bob's position changes, but the geometry might be equivalent up to reflection? Since the circle is symmetric, but the labeling matters because Alice is fixed at 0. However, note that the mapping R_K depends on K. If we replace K by N-K, then R_{N-K}(j) = 2(N-K) - j = 2N - 2K - j ≡ -2K - j mod N? That's not the same as R_K generally. But maybe the game outcome depends only on gcd(2K,N) or something.

From sample, N=6,K=2 works, K=4? Not given but likely also works? Let's test quickly mental: N=6,K=4. Alice colors 0. Bob's axis K=4, 2K=8≡2. So R4(j)=8-j mod6 =2-j mod6. Orbits: fixed points? Solve 2j≡8≡2 mod6 => 2j≡2 mod6 => j≡1 mod3 => j=1,4? Actually, 2j≡2 mod6 => j≡1 mod3 => j=1,4. So fixed points: 1 and 4. Orbits: {0,2}? R4(0)=2, R4(2)=0; {1} fixed; {3,5}? R4(3)=2-3=-1≡5, R4(5)=2-5=-3≡3; {4} fixed. So same as K=2 but with fixed points swapped? Actually K=2 had fixed points 2 and 5? Wait earlier for K=2 we had fixed points 2 and 5. For K=4, fixed points 1 and 4. So different. But the structure is similar: there are two fixed points and two pairs. The game might still work. Let's simulate quickly: B1={0}. Bob colors the white point in mixed orbit of 0: orbit of 0 under R4 is {0,2} (since R4(0)=2). So Bob colors 2. B2={0,2}. Then Alice's turn: R0 orbits: {0} black, {3} white, {1,5} white, {2,4}: 2 black,4 white -> mixed. So Alice colors 4. B3={0,2,4}. Then Bob's turn: R4 orbits: {0,2} black, fixed 4 black, fixed 1 white, {3,5} white. So Bob can color white fixed point 1. B4={0,1,2,4}. Then Alice: R0: {0} black, {3} white, {1,5}:1 black,5 white -> mixed, {2,4} black. So Alice colors 5. B5={0,1,2,4,5}. Then Bob: R4: {0,2} black, fixed1 black, fixed4 black, {3,5}:5 black,3 white -> mixed. Bob colors 3. All black. So Yes. So K=4 also works. So for N=6, all K except 3 (N/2) work? K=5? K=5 is symmetric to K=1? Since 5 = N-1, but not N/2. Let's test K=5: 2K=10≡4. R5(j)=10-j mod6 =4-j. Fixed points? Solve 2j≡10≡4 mod6 => 2j≡4 => j≡2 mod3 => j=2,5. So fixed points 2 and5. Orbits: {0,4}? R5(0)=4, R5(4)=0; {1,3}? R5(1)=4-1=3, R5(3)=4-3=1; {2} fixed; {5} fixed. B1={0}. Orbit of 0 under R5 is {0,4} mixed, Bob colors 4. B2={0,4}. Alice: R0 orbits: {0} black, {3} white, {1,5} white, {2,4}:4 black,2 white -> mixed. Alice colors 2. B3={0,2,4}. Bob: R5 orbits: {0,4} black, fixed2 black, fixed5 white, {1,3} white. Bob colors 5 (white fixed). B4={0,2,4,5}. Alice: R0: {0} black, {3} white, {1,5}:5 black,1 white -> mixed, {2,4} black. Alice colors 1. B5={0,1,2,4,5}. Bob: R5: {0,4} black, fixed2 black, fixed5 black, {1,3}:1 black,3 white -> mixed. Bob colors 3. All black. So Yes. So for N=6, only K=3 fails.

Now, what about N even but K not N/2? Seems always Yes? But sample includes N=200000, K=100000 (which is N/2) => No. So maybe for even N, answer is Yes unless K = N/2. But is that always true? Let's test N=4, K=1? N=4 points 0,1,2,3. Alice at 0, Bob at 1. Let's simulate: N=4 even. R0 fixed: 0,2. Alice colors 0. B1={0}. Bob's axis K=1, 2K=2. R1(j)=2-j mod4. Orbits: fixed points? Solve 2j≡2 mod4 => j≡1 mod2 => j=1,3. So fixed:1,3. Orbits: {0,2}? R1(0)=2, R1(2)=0. So B1={0} gives mixed orbit {0,2} (0 black,2 white). Bob colors 2. B2={0,2}. Now B2 is RK-symmetric? Check: orbit {0,2} both black; fixed1 white; fixed3 white. Yes. Alice's turn: R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed2 black, pairs: {1,3} both white. So no mixed orbits, and no white fixed points (both fixed points are black). So Alice has no legal move! Game ends with black {0,2}. Not all black. So for N=4, K=1, we get stuck after two moves. But is there alternative first move? Alice could color the other fixed point 2 first. Then B1={2}. Bob's turn: RK: orbit of 2 under R1 is {0,2}? R1(2)=0, so mixed: 2 black,0 white. Bob colors 0. B2={0,2}. Same state. So stuck. Could Alice color something else? From initial all white, the only legal moves are coloring a white fixed point under R0. So she must color either 0 or 2. Both lead to B1={0} or {2}, then Bob colors the other, resulting in {0,2}. Then Alice stuck. So for N=4, K=1, answer should be No. But our earlier hypothesis that for even N, only K=N/2 fails would predict Yes for N=4,K=1, but we see it's No. So there are more failing cases.

Let's test N=4, K=2 (N/2). Then axes coincide (since K=2, line through 2 is same as through 0). Alice colors 0, Bob colors 2, then Alice stuck with {0,2}. So No as well. So N=4, both K=1 and K=2 give No? What about K=3? K=3 is same as K=1? Since N=4, K=3, 2K=6≡2, same as K=1? Actually, R3(j)=6-j mod4 =2-j, same as R1? R1(j)=2-j, yes same. So K=3 equivalent to K=1. So all K for N=4 give No? Let's test K=1 we saw No. So for N=4, all K fail? But is it possible to color all points? N=4 points. Let's try to see if any sequence could work. Maybe Alice could color a different point initially? But from all white, the only legal moves for Alice are fixed points under R0, which are 0 and 2. So she must color one of those. After that, Bob's move is forced (color the white point in the mixed RK-orbit). That yields {0,2}. Then Alice's turn: configuration is R0-symmetric with fixed points both black, pairs {1,3} white. No white fixed points, so she cannot move. So game ends with 2 black points. So cannot get all 4. So answer No for all K when N=4.

But sample for N=6 gave Yes for K=1,2,4,5. So N=4 is different. So condition depends on N.

Let's test N=8, K=1? We'll try to simulate mentally or derive pattern.

We need a systematic way.

Let's formalize the state after each move.

Define after Bob's move (even number of moves), the black set B is RK-symmetric. After Alice's move (odd), B is R0-symmetric.

We can try to characterize the black set after each move as the set of points that can be expressed as some combination of reflections applied to the initially colored point? Maybe the process generates the orbit under the group generated by the two reflections, but with some parity constraints.

Observation: The moves seem to be adding points in a specific order: starting from 0, then 2K, then something like 4K? Let's track for N=6,K=2: sequence: 0, 2K=4? Wait 2K=4, but we got Bob colored 2? Actually for K=2, 2K=4, but Bob colored 1? Let's recalc: N=6,K=2: after Alice 0, Bob colored 2K? 2K=4, but we had Bob colored 1? Wait earlier we had Bob colored 1? Let's re-check: For N=6,K=2, after Alice colored 0, we said Bob colored 1? Actually, I need to recalc carefully.

N=6, K=2. R2(j)=4 - j mod6. Orbits: fixed points: solve 2j≡4 mod6 => j≡2 mod3 => j=2,5. So fixed:2,5. Orbits: {0,4}? R2(0)=4, R2(4)=0; {1,3}? R2(1)=3, R2(3)=1. So after B1={0}, the orbit of 0 under R2 is {0,4} (since 0≠4). Mixed: 0 black,4 white. So Bob should color 4, not 1. But earlier I mistakenly said Bob colored 1. Let's correct: In my earlier simulation for N=6,K=2, I had Alice color 0, then Bob colored 1? That was for K=1. For K=2, correct is Bob colors 4. Let's re-simulate N=6,K=2 properly:

- Alice: color 0. B1={0}.
- Bob: R2 orbit of 0 is {0,4} mixed, so color 4. B2={0,4}.
- Alice: R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed3 white, pairs: {1,5} white, {2,4}: 4 black,2 white -> mixed. So color 2. B3={0,2,4}.
- Bob: R2 orbits: {0,4} black, fixed2 black? 2 is fixed under R2? Yes, 2 is fixed. So fixed2 black, fixed5 white, {1,3} white. So B3 is RK-symmetric? Check: {0,4} black, fixed2 black, fixed5 white, {1,3} white. Yes. Bob can color a white fixed point: 5 is white fixed. So color 5. B4={0,2,4,5}.
- Alice: R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed3 white, {1,5}:5 black,1 white -> mixed, {2,4} black. So color 1. B5={0,1,2,4,5}.
- Bob: R2 orbits: {0,4} black, fixed2 black, fixed5 black, {1,3}:1 black,3 white -> mixed. Color 3. B6 all black.

So sequence: 0,4,2,5,1,3. So indeed Bob colored 4 first, then later 5, then 3.

So the order is not simply multiples of K.

Now, for N=4,K=1: sequence: 0,2 (Bob), then stuck. So after Bob's move, B={0,2}. Then Alice cannot move because no white fixed points and no mixed R0-orbits? Actually, R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed2 black, pair {1,3} white. So no mixed, no white fixed points. So stuck.

Why does N=6 work but N=4 not? The difference: In N=6, after Bob's move we had B={0,4} (for K=2) or {0,2} for K=1? Actually for K=1 we had B2={0,2}. Then Alice could move because there was a mixed R0-orbit: {2,4}? Wait for K=1, after Bob colored 2, B2={0,2}. Then R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed3 white, pairs: {1,5} white, {2,4}:2 black,4 white -> mixed. So Alice could color 4. In N=4, after Bob colored 2, B2={0,2}. R0 orbits: fixed0 black, fixed2 black, pair {1,3} white. No mixed because the pair is both white, not mixed. So the difference is that in N=4, the point 2 is a fixed point under R0? Actually, in N=4, R0 fixed points are 0 and 2. So after B2, both fixed points are black, and the only other orbit is the pair {1,3} which is both white. So no mixed orbit. In N=6, after B2={0,2} for K=1, point 2 is not a fixed point under R0 (since R0 fixed are 0 and 3). So 2 is in a pair {2,4} with 4 white, creating a mixed orbit. So the ability to continue depends on whether the point added by Bob (the white point in the mixed RK-orbit) is a fixed point under R0 or not. If it is a fixed point under R0, then after Bob's move, the R0-orbit containing that point is a singleton (fixed) and becomes black, and there may be no mixed R0-orbits, causing Alice to be stuck if no white fixed points remain. If it is not a fixed point under R0, then it creates a mixed R0-orbit, allowing Alice to move.

Thus, the condition for the game to continue after Bob's first move is that the point 2K (or the point that Bob colors) is not a fixed point under R0. More generally, after each Bob move, the newly black point (which is the white point in the mixed RK-orbit that Bob fixed) should not be a fixed point under R0, otherwise it might lead to a state with no mixed R0-orbits and possibly no white fixed points, causing Alice to be stuck. But also, if it is a fixed point under R0, but there are other white fixed points under R0, Alice could color one of those. In N=4, after Bob colors 2, both fixed points (0 and 2) are black, so no white fixed points, so stuck. In N=6,K=3 (axes coincide), after Bob colors 3 (the other fixed point), both fixed points are black, and pairs are white, so stuck. In N=6,K=2, Bob colored 4, which is not a fixed point under R0 (fixed are 0 and 3), so mixed orbit appears.

But also, after later moves, similar situations can arise. We need to ensure that the game never reaches a state where the player whose turn it is has no legal move before all points are black.

Since the players cooperate, they can choose which white fixed point to color when multiple exist, to avoid getting stuck. So we need to see if there exists a strategy (sequence of choices) that avoids deadlock.

We need to analyze the whole process, not just first move.

Maybe we can model the game as building the black set along the orbits of the group generated by the two reflections, and the process corresponds to a kind of "alternating" closure. Perhaps the black set after each move is exactly the set of points that can be reached from 0 by applying an even number of reflections? Let's test.

Define G = <R0, RK>. Consider the orbit of 0 under G. Since Alice starts at 0, and each move adds a point that is the mirror of some existing point under the current player's axis? Actually, when Alice moves, she adds a point that is the mirror of some point? Not exactly.

Let's try to see pattern: In N=6,K=2 sequence: 0 (Alice), then 4 (Bob), then 2 (Alice), then 5 (Bob), then 1 (Alice), then 3 (Bob). If we look at the order, it's like: 0, then R2(0)=4, then R0(4)=2? Because R0(4) = -4 mod6 = 2, yes. Then R2(2)=? R2(2) is fixed? Actually 2 is fixed under R2, so not. But then Bob colored 5, which is R0(2)? R0(2)=4? No. Alternatively, 5 is R2(5)? Not sure. Let's compute: After having {0,4,2}, Bob colored 5. Why 5? Because in that state, the mixed RK-orbit was {1,3}? Actually, after B3={0,2,4}, the RK-orbits: {0,4} black, fixed2 black, fixed5 white, {1,3} white. The mixed? There is no mixed; it's symmetric. So Bob colored a white fixed point 5. So 5 is a fixed point under RK. Then Alice colored 1, which is the mirror of 5 under R0? R0(5)=1, yes. Then Bob colored 3, which is R2(1)=3? R2(1)=3, yes. So pattern: Starting from 0, then apply R2 to get 4, then apply R0 to get 2, then apply R2? Not directly. But after adding fixed point 5, then R0(5)=1, then R2(1)=3. So the sequence seems to be: 0, R2(0), R0(R2(0)), then maybe we add a fixed point, then R0 of that, then R2 of that.

Maybe the process corresponds to generating the orbit of 0 under the group, but with some fixed points added separately.

Consider the group G generated by R0 and R2. The orbit of 0 under G: apply R2: 4; apply R0 to 4: 2; apply R2 to 2: 2 (fixed); apply R0 to 2: 4; so orbit is {0,2,4}. That's only three points. But we also got 1,3,5. Those are the other orbit under G? Actually, G might have two orbits: one containing 0,2,4 and another containing 1,3,5. Because the rotation by 2K=4 generates steps of 4 mod6, which is same as step 2? Actually, 4 mod6 generates subgroup {0,2,4}. So rotation by 4 gives {0,2,4}. Adding reflection R0 maps this set to itself? R0 maps 0->0,2->4,4->2, so yes. So the orbit of 0 under G is {0,2,4}. The other orbit is {1,3,5}. So the black set eventually becomes the union of both orbits. The process first blackened the orbit of 0, then moved to the other orbit via a fixed point (5) which is in the other orbit? But 5 is in the other orbit. How did we get 5? 5 is a fixed point under R2, and it's in the other orbit. So the transition between orbits occurred by coloring a fixed point under RK that belongs to the other orbit. Then from that fixed point, applying R0 gave 1 (in the other orbit), then R2 gave 3, etc.

Thus, the process seems to be: we have two G-orbits (if the group action is not transitive). The players can only color points within an orbit by first getting a "seed" in that orbit, which can be a fixed point under one of the reflections. Once a seed is present, the rest of the orbit can be filled by alternating reflections.

So the key is: can we get seeds in all G-orbits? And can we avoid getting stuck before filling them?

Generalizing: The group G = <R0, RK> acts on the set of points. The orbits under G partition the points. The process of alternating moves likely can only color points within a G-orbit once at least one point in that orbit is black, and then the rest can be filled by alternating reflections, provided that the orbit contains no "dead ends". However, there might be orbits that consist solely of fixed points under one of the reflections, which could cause issues.

We need to analyze the structure of G-orbits.

Let’s define d = gcd(2K, N). Actually, the rotation r = R0 ∘ RK is rotation by -2K (or 2K). The subgroup generated by r consists of rotations by multiples of 2K. Its size is N / d, where d = gcd(2K, N). The orbits under the rotation subgroup are the cosets modulo the subgroup <2K>. There are d such rotation orbits.

Now, the full dihedral group G includes reflections. The G-orbits are unions of rotation orbits that are mapped to each other by a reflection. Since R0 is a reflection, it maps a rotation orbit to another (possibly the same). So the number of G-orbits is either d or d/2, depending on whether R0 pairs up rotation orbits.

Specifically, consider the rotation orbits: they are the sets O_i = { i + m*2K | m } for i in a set of representatives modulo d (since adding 2K changes by multiples of d). More precisely, the additive group Z_N, the subgroup H = <2K> has index d. The cosets are i + H for i = 0,1,...,d-1 (but some may be same if i differ by multiples of d? Actually, index d means there are d distinct cosets). So there are d rotation orbits.

Now, R0 maps a point j to -j. This maps the coset i + H to -i + H. So it pairs cosets i and -i (mod d). If i ≡ -i (mod d), i.e., 2i ≡ 0 mod d, then the coset is fixed as a set under R0. So the number of G-orbits is the number of orbits of the action of the reflection on the set of rotation orbits. That is, if for each i, the pair {i, -i} are either the same or distinct. So the number of G-orbits is the number of equivalence classes under i ~ -i. This is ceil(d/2) if there are no self-inverse? Actually, the number of orbits under the involution i -> -i on Z_d is: if d is odd, each i has a distinct -i unless i=0, so number of orbits = (d+1)/2. If d is even, then i=0 and i=d/2 are self-inverse (since -0=0, -d/2 ≡ d/2 mod d). So number of orbits = (d/2) + 1? Let's compute: For even d, the pairs are: (1, d-1), (2, d-2), ..., (d/2 -1, d/2+1), plus the two fixed points 0 and d/2. So total orbits = (d/2 -1) + 2 = d/2 +1. For odd d, pairs: (1, d-1), (2, d-2), ..., ((d-1)/2, (d+1)/2), plus fixed point 0. So total = (d-1)/2 +1 = (d+1)/2.

Thus, number of G-orbits = ceil(d/2) + something? Actually, (d+1)/2 for odd d, and d/2+1 for even d. But note that d = gcd(2K, N). So the number of G-orbits depends on d.

But we also have fixed points under each reflection within each G-orbit. The ability to move between G-orbits may rely on fixed points.

Now, recall the game: Starting with Alice coloring a fixed point under R0 (0 or N/2 if even). That point lies in some G-orbit (the one containing 0). Then Bob's move will add the mirror of that point under RK, which is 2K (if not fixed) or a fixed point. That point is in the same G-orbit as 0? Let's check: 0 and 2K: are they in the same G-orbit? Since G contains rotation by 2K, 0 and 2K are in the same rotation orbit (since 2K is a multiple of 2K). So they are in the same rotation orbit, hence same G-orbit. So after first two moves, the black set is contained within the G-orbit containing 0.

Then Alice's next move: she will add a point that is the mirror under R0 of some point in the black set? Actually, she fixes a mixed R0-orbit. The mixed R0-orbit will involve a point that is black and its R0-mirror white. That white point is the R0-image of a black point. Since the black set is within a G-orbit, its R0-image is also in the same G-orbit (because R0 is in G). So the new point will also be in the same G-orbit. So as long as we are only fixing mixed orbits, we stay within the same G-orbit.

Thus, the process will first fill the entire G-orbit containing the initial point (0). Once that orbit is completely black, the configuration becomes symmetric under both axes? Not necessarily, because other G-orbits may still be white. At that point, the configuration is symmetric under R0 (since the orbit is fully black and others white, and R0 maps the orbit to itself? Actually, if the G-orbit is invariant under R0, then having it fully black and others white yields R0-symmetry because R0 maps the orbit to itself and white orbits to white orbits. Similarly, is it RK-symmetric? RK also maps the orbit to itself? Since the orbit is a G-orbit, it is invariant under both reflections. So yes, if one G-orbit is fully black and others white, the configuration is symmetric under both R0 and RK. Then it's the turn of the player whose turn it is. At that point, the configuration is symmetric under both axes, so the player can color a white fixed point (if any) under his axis. But are there white fixed points? Fixed points under the player's axis that lie in other G-orbits? Possibly. If there is a white fixed point in another G-orbit, then the player can color it, thereby seeding that G-orbit. Then the process can continue to fill that orbit, and so on.

Thus, the game can potentially fill all G-orbits one by one, by seeding each with a fixed point move, then filling it via mixed-orbit moves.

However, the danger is that after filling a G-orbit, there might be no white fixed points under the current player's axis that belong to other G-orbits, causing the game to get stuck because the player cannot move (since the configuration is symmetric and there are no white fixed points). In that case, the game ends with only that orbit black.

Therefore, the condition for being able to color all points is that after each G-orbit is filled, there exists a white fixed point under the current player's axis in some other G-orbit, so that the game can continue to the next orbit. And this must hold until all orbits are filled.

Since players cooperate, they can choose the order of filling orbits and which fixed points to color to ensure that when an orbit is completed, it's the turn of a player who has a white fixed point available in another orbit.

But note: The turn order is fixed: Alice, Bob, Alice, Bob,... So after completing an orbit, the player to move is determined by the number of moves taken so far. We can influence which player's turn it is when an orbit is completed by choosing the number of moves within that orbit (i.e., how many points we color in that orbit before moving to another). Since the orbit size may vary, we might be able to control parity.

Thus, we need to analyze the structure of G-orbits, their sizes, and the presence of fixed points under each reflection within each orbit.

Let's formalize.

Let G = <R0, RK>. Its orbits partition the set of N points. Let the orbits be O1, O2, ..., Om. Each orbit is invariant under both reflections (since they generate G). Within each orbit, the action of G is transitive.

We need to understand the internal structure of an orbit: how many points, how many fixed points under R0 and RK, etc.

Given an orbit O, consider the restrictions of R0 and RK to O. They are involutions on O. The orbit can be seen as a graph where edges connect points under these involutions, but perhaps easier: The orbit is isomorphic to a coset space of the dihedral group.

Alternatively, we can characterize O as follows: Since G is generated by two reflections, it is a dihedral group (maybe a subgroup of D_N). The orbit of a point x is the set { g(x) : g in G }. The size of the orbit is |G| / |Stab_G(x)|. Since the stabilizer of a point under a faithful action of a dihedral group on a set of points on a circle might be trivial or small. Typically, for a generic point, stabilizer is trivial, so orbit size = |G|. But here G might be a proper subgroup of D_N, and its action on the N points may not be faithful; some points may have stabilizers.

But perhaps we can compute the orbit size directly from d = gcd(2K, N). Let's attempt.

Let r = R0 ∘ RK, rotation by -2K. The subgroup <r> has order N/d. The full group G = <r, R0> is a dihedral group of order 2*(N/d) if R0 is not in <r> (which it isn't, since it's a reflection). So |G| = 2N/d.

Now, consider the orbit of a point x under G. Its size is |G| / |Stab_G(x)|. The stabilizer could be nontrivial if x is fixed by some nontrivial element of G. Which points have nontrivial stabilizer? Those that lie on a reflection axis (i.e., are fixed by some reflection in G). Since G contains reflections: R0 and its conjugates by rotations. A point x is fixed by some reflection if there exists g in G such that g R0 g^{-1} fixes x, i.e., x lies on the axis of that reflection. The axes of reflections in G are lines through the center at angles that are multiples of π/(N/d)? Actually, the reflections in G are of the form R0 r^m and r^m R0. Their axes are at angles that are multiples of π/(N/d)? More concretely, the set of reflection axes in G are those through points that are in the set of points that are fixed by some reflection in G. These are exactly the points that are in the coset of the rotation subgroup that are symmetric with respect to some reflection.

But perhaps easier: The orbit size can be computed by considering the rotation orbits. As earlier, the rotation subgroup <r> partitions points into d rotation orbits (cosets of H = <2K>). The action of R0 pairs these rotation orbits. The G-orbit of a point x is the union of the rotation orbits that are in the same pair under R0. Specifically, if x is in rotation orbit A, then its G-orbit is A ∪ R0(A) (if R0(A) ≠ A) or just A if R0(A)=A. So the size of the G-orbit is either |A| (if A is invariant under R0) or 2|A| (if not). And |A| = N/d (size of each rotation orbit). So G-orbit size is either N/d or 2N/d.

When is a rotation orbit A invariant under R0? A = i + H. R0 maps it to -i + H. So A is invariant iff -i + H = i + H, i.e., 2i ∈ H. Since H = <2K>, this means 2i is a multiple of 2K modulo N, i.e., i ≡ 0 mod d? Because H consists of multiples of 2K, which are multiples of d? Actually, 2K is a multiple of d, and H = { m*2K mod N } = { multiples of d? Not exactly: Since d = gcd(2K,N), we can write 2K = d * t, with t = (2K)/d, and gcd(t, N/d)=1. Then H = { m*d*t mod N }. Since t is invertible modulo N/d, multiplying by t permutes the residues modulo N/d. So H = { m*d mod N }? Because as m runs, m*d*t mod N gives all multiples of d that are multiples of d? Actually, the set { m*d*t mod N } is the same as { m*d mod N } because t is invertible modulo N/d, so for any m, there exists m' such that m'*d ≡ m*d*t (mod N). More formally, H = d * Z_N? Since d divides N, the subgroup generated by d in Z_N has order N/d. But is H equal to dZ_N? H is generated by 2K = d*t. Since t is coprime to N/d, the subgroup generated by d*t is the same as the subgroup generated by d. Because the set { m*d*t mod N } = { d * (m*t mod N/d) } and as m runs, m*t mod N/d runs over all residues mod N/d (since t invertible), so the set is { d * s mod N | s ∈ Z_{N/d} } = dZ_N. So indeed H = d Z_N, the set of multiples of d. Good! So the rotation subgroup <r> consists of rotations by multiples of d? Actually, r is rotation by 2K, which is d*t. Since t is invertible mod N/d, the set of rotations generated is the same as rotations by multiples of d. So the rotation subgroup is the set of rotations by multiples of d. Its orbits are the cosets modulo d. So each rotation orbit corresponds to a residue class modulo d. Specifically, points with index congruent to i mod d (for i=0,...,d-1) form a rotation orbit, each of size N/d.

Thus, d = gcd(2K, N) is the key parameter.

Now, R0 maps a point j to -j. This maps the residue class i mod d to -i mod d. So the rotation orbit for residue i is invariant under R0 iff i ≡ -i mod d, i.e., 2i ≡ 0 mod d. So i is either 0 or, if d even, i = d/2.

Therefore, the G-orbits are:

- For each i in {0,1,...,d-1} with i not self-inverse, the pair {i, -i} (mod d) forms a G-orbit of size 2*(N/d).
- For i = 0 (always self-inverse), the rotation orbit for residue 0 is invariant, forming a G-orbit of size N/d.
- If d even, i = d/2 is also self-inverse, forming another G-orbit of size N/d.

Thus, the number and sizes of G-orbits are determined by d.

Now, we also need to consider fixed points under R0 and RK within each G-orbit.

Fixed points under R0: points j such that -j ≡ j mod N => 2j ≡ 0 mod N. As earlier, if N even, j = 0 or N/2; if N odd, j = 0 only. So fixed points under R0 are limited. They belong to specific G-orbits. Which residues mod d do they belong to? For j=0, residue 0 mod d. For j=N/2 (if N even), its residue is (N/2) mod d. Since N is multiple of d? d divides N, so N/2 mod d: if d divides N, then N/2 mod d is something. But note that N/2 may not be integer if N odd. So for even N, N/2 is an integer. Its residue modulo d is (N/2) mod d. Since d = gcd(2K, N), d could be even or odd. We'll need to see.

Similarly, fixed points under RK: points j such that 2K - j ≡ j mod N => 2j ≡ 2K mod N => j ≡ K mod N/2? Actually, solve 2j ≡ 2K mod N. This is equivalent to j ≡ K (mod N/gcd(2,N)). More precisely, as before: if N even, fixed points are K and K+N/2; if N odd, fixed point is K. So fixed points under RK are K and possibly K+N/2. Their residues mod d: K mod d, and (K+N/2) mod d.

Now, within a G-orbit, the number of fixed points under a given reflection can be 0, 1, or 2, depending on whether the axis intersects the orbit.

Since the players can only start a new G-orbit by coloring a white fixed point under the current player's axis (when the configuration is symmetric), we need that at the moment when we finish filling one G-orbit, there is a white fixed point under the current player's axis in some other G-orbit. Moreover, after coloring that fixed point, we will be in a state where that new orbit has a seed (the fixed point) and the configuration is symmetric under the current player's axis. Then the next player (the other) will have to make it symmetric under their axis, which will likely involve fixing a mixed orbit within that new orbit, and the process will fill that orbit.

But we must also ensure that during the filling of an orbit, we never get stuck prematurely (i.e., before the orbit is fully black, we always have a legal move). However, within a G-orbit, as long as we have at least one black point, the process of alternating reflections should be able to fill the entire orbit without getting stuck, provided the orbit contains no "dead end" where a player has no move because the configuration becomes symmetric with no white fixed points and no mixed orbits. But is it possible that while filling an orbit, we encounter a state where the current player cannot move even though the orbit is not fully black? Let's examine.

Suppose we are within a single G-orbit O, and we have some black points, and the configuration is such that it is symmetric under the previous player's axis (say after Bob's move, it's RK-symmetric). Then it's Alice's turn. For Alice to have a move, the configuration must have at most one mixed R0-orbit. Since we are within a single G-orbit, and the configuration is RK-symmetric, what does it look like? We need to analyze the dynamics within an orbit.

Maybe we can model the process within an orbit as a deterministic process that always proceeds until the orbit is full, as long as the orbit is not "degenerate" (like consisting only of fixed points). Let's test with examples.

Consider N=6, d = gcd(2K,N). For K=2, 2K=4, gcd(4,6)=2 => d=2. Then rotation orbits: residues mod 2: even {0,2,4} and odd {1,3,5}. R0 maps even to even? Since -even = even mod6? -0=0, -2=4, -4=2, so even set is invariant under R0. So the even orbit is a G-orbit of size 3 (N/d=3). The odd set is also invariant? -odd = odd? -1=5, -3=3, -5=1, so odd set is invariant as well. So we have two G-orbits, each of size 3. Indeed, we saw orbit {0,2,4} and {1,3,5}. Within each orbit, there are fixed points? Under R0: in even orbit, fixed points are 0 and 3? Wait 3 is odd, not in even. In even orbit, which points are fixed under R0? R0 fixes 0 and 3. 0 is in even, 3 is in odd. So even orbit contains one fixed point under R0 (0). Odd orbit contains one fixed point under R0 (3). Under RK (K=2): fixed points are 2 and 5. So even orbit contains fixed point 2, odd contains fixed point 5. So each orbit has one fixed point under each reflection? Actually even: R0 fixed:0; RK fixed:2. Odd: R0 fixed:3; RK fixed:5. So each orbit has exactly one fixed point under each reflection. That seems consistent.

Now, the process: we started in even orbit, seeded by 0 (R0 fixed). Then we filled even orbit completely (0,4,2) via moves: after seeding, Bob added 4 (which is not a fixed point under R0), then Alice added 2 (which is RK fixed), then Bob added 5? Wait 5 is in odd orbit. Actually after even orbit was filled (0,2,4), we then moved to odd orbit by Bob coloring 5 (RK fixed in odd). Then Alice colored 1 (R0 image of 5), then Bob colored 3 (RK image of 1). So the transition occurred when even orbit was full and it was Bob's turn, and he colored a white fixed point under RK in the odd orbit (5). That worked because there was a white fixed point under RK in another orbit.

Now, consider N=4, K=1. Compute d = gcd(2K,N) = gcd(2,4)=2. So d=2. Rotation orbits: residues mod2: even {0,2}, odd {1,3}. R0 maps even to even? -0=0, -2=2, so even invariant. Odd: -1=3, -3=1, so odd invariant. So two G-orbits, each size 2. Under R0: fixed points are 0 and 2 (both in even orbit). So even orbit has two fixed points under R0? Actually both 0 and 2 are fixed under R0? Check: R0(2) = -2 mod4 = 2, yes. So even orbit consists entirely of fixed points under R0. Odd orbit has no fixed points under R0 (since 1 and 3 are not fixed). Under RK (K=1): fixed points are 1 and 3 (since N even, K and K+N/2=1+2=3). So odd orbit consists entirely of fixed points under RK. Even orbit has no fixed points under RK? Check: RK(0)=2-0=2, not fixed; RK(2)=2-2=0, not fixed. So even orbit has no RK fixed points.

Now, process: Start with Alice coloring a white fixed point under R0. She can choose 0 or 2. Suppose she colors 0 (even orbit). Then Bob's turn: configuration is {0}. RK-orbits: we need to see mixed orbit. Since 0 is in even orbit, and even orbit has no RK fixed points, the RK-orbit of 0 is {0,2} (since R1(0)=2). That's a pair, mixed (0 black,2 white). So Bob colors 2. Now B={0,2}. This is the entire even orbit (both points). Now configuration is RK-symmetric? Check: RK-orbits: {0,2} both black, fixed points 1,3 white. So yes, RK-symmetric. Now it's Alice's turn. The configuration is RK-symmetric and we have even orbit full, odd orbit white. Is the configuration R0-symmetric? Let's check R0: even orbit both black (good), odd orbit both white (good). So it's also R0-symmetric. So it's symmetric under both. Now Alice's possible moves: she can color a white fixed point under R0. White fixed points under R0 are points that are fixed under R0 and white. Fixed under R0 are 0 and 2, but they are black. So no white fixed points under R0. Therefore, Alice cannot move. Game ends with even orbit full, odd orbit white. So stuck.

Could Alice have chosen a different first move? If she colored 2 first, then Bob would color 0, same result. So no.

What if after filling even orbit, it was Bob's turn instead? Could we arrange parity so that after filling an orbit, it's the other player's turn, who might have a white fixed point under his axis in another orbit? In N=4, after even orbit filled, it was Alice's turn. If it were Bob's turn, he could color a white fixed point under RK, which are 1 or 3 (both white). That would seed the odd orbit. So if after filling even orbit, the turn was Bob's, we could continue. So the parity of the number of moves taken to fill an orbit matters.

In N=4, the even orbit size is 2. Starting from Alice's first move (1 move), then Bob's move (2 moves) fills the even orbit. So after 2 moves, it's Alice's turn. So parity is such that after filling the orbit, it's Alice's turn. Since Alice has no white fixed points under R0 in other orbits, she gets stuck. If we could make the number of moves to fill the orbit odd, then after filling it would be Bob's turn, and Bob could move. But the orbit size is 2, and we start with Alice's move. The process within an orbit seems deterministic: after seeding with a fixed point under R0, the next move (Bob) adds the mirror under RK (which is the other point in the orbit if the orbit is a pair). Then the orbit is full after 2 moves (including the seed). So the number of moves to fill that orbit is 2, which is even, so the turn returns to Alice. If we could instead seed the orbit with a fixed point under RK (by Bob), then the filling would take 2 moves starting with Bob, leading to Alice's turn after fill. But we start with Alice, so the first seed is always under R0 (since Alice moves first). So the first orbit we fill will be the one containing an R0 fixed point (the one Alice colors). That orbit will be filled after an even number of moves (2) and then it's Alice's turn. If that orbit contains no R0 fixed points other than the one we already colored? Actually, after filling, all points in that orbit are black, including any other R0 fixed points in that orbit. So after fill, there are no white R0 fixed points in that orbit. But are there white R0 fixed points in other orbits? That depends on whether other orbits contain R0 fixed points. In N=4, the other orbit (odd) has no R0 fixed points. So Alice has no white fixed point under R0 anywhere. So she gets stuck.

In N=6, after filling the even orbit (size 3), how many moves did it take? Sequence: move1 (Alice) color 0; move2 (Bob) color 4; move3 (Alice) color 2. That's 3 moves to fill the even orbit (0,4,2). After move3, it's Bob's turn. So the number of moves to fill the orbit was 3 (odd), so the turn after fill is Bob. Bob then has a white fixed point under RK in the odd orbit (5). So he can move. So parity worked out.

Why did it take 3 moves to fill an orbit of size 3? Because the orbit had size 3, and the process filled it in 3 moves. In general, if an orbit has size S, how many moves does it take to fill it starting from a seed? Let's analyze the process within a single G-orbit O.

Assume we have an orbit O that is invariant under both reflections. Suppose we start with a single black point in O, and the configuration is symmetric under the axis of the player who just moved? Actually, we need to consider the state after a move that made the configuration symmetric under that player's axis. But let's think of the process of filling O from a seed, assuming we are only working within O and the rest of the points are white and other orbits are untouched. The players will alternate, and each move will add a point in O, and after each move, the configuration becomes symmetric under the mover's axis. The process will continue until O is fully black.

We need to determine the number of moves required to fill O, and whose turn it is after O is full, given who started the seed.

But note: The seed may be a fixed point under the axis of the player who placed it, or not. In our examples, the first seed (Alice's first move) was a fixed point under R0. That seems necessary because from all white, Alice can only color a fixed point under R0. So the seed is an R0 fixed point. After that, Bob's move adds the RK-image of that seed (if not fixed) or a fixed point if seed is fixed under RK. In the orbit, the seed's RK-image is another point in the same orbit. Then Alice adds the R0-image of that new point, etc. This resembles a walk alternating between reflections.

We can model the orbit as a graph where vertices are points, and edges represent the two reflections: each point is connected to its R0-mirror and its RK-mirror. Since both are involutions, the graph is a union of paths and cycles? Actually, each point has degree at most 2 (one edge to R0-image, one to RK-image). Since the two reflections generate a dihedral group, the graph is likely a cycle or a path. Let's examine.

For a given orbit O, consider the action of the group generated by R0 and RK restricted to O. Since G acts transitively on O, and the two reflections are involutions, the Cayley graph with generators R0 and RK is a cycle of length 2|O|? Actually, the group G is dihedral of order 2|O|? Not exactly; |G| may be larger than 2|O| if stabilizers are nontrivial. But the orbit size is |G|/|Stab|. If stabilizer is trivial, then |G| = 2|O|? Because G is generated by two involutions, its order is twice the size of the rotation subgroup. The rotation subgroup has size |O| if the orbit is like a regular polygon? Let's compute: In the even orbit of N=6 (size 3), what is |G|? G is the whole dihedral group of order 12? Actually, the full D6 has order 12. But our G is the subgroup generated by R0 and R2. Since d=2, |G| = 2N/d = 2*6/2 = 6. So |G|=6. The orbit size is 3, so stabilizer size = |G|/|O| = 2. So each point has stabilizer of order 2, meaning it is fixed by some non-identity element. Indeed, in that orbit, each point is fixed by one of the reflections? Let's check: point 0 is fixed by R0, point 2 is fixed by R2, point 4 is fixed by? R0(4)=2, not fixed; R2(4)=0, not fixed. But maybe point 4 is fixed by the other reflection? There is reflection R0 r? Actually, the stabilizer could be generated by a reflection that is not one of the original two but a conjugate. For point 4, consider reflection through axis at angle? Not needed.

But maybe we can characterize the orbit structure more simply: The orbit O can be seen as a set of points that are arranged on a circle with step d. Actually, the rotation subgroup <r> acts transitively on O? Not necessarily; O may be a union of two rotation orbits if not invariant under R0. But if O is invariant under R0, then it is a single rotation orbit (since R0 maps the rotation orbit to itself). In that case, O is exactly one rotation orbit (size N/d). If O is not invariant under R0, then it is the union of two rotation orbits, each of size N/d, so total size 2N/d.

Thus, there are two types of G-orbits:

- Type A: Invariant under R0 (and hence under RK as well? Actually if invariant under R0, since R0 and RK generate G, it's invariant under both). These correspond to rotation orbits with i such that 2i ≡ 0 mod d. So i = 0 or i = d/2 (if d even). These orbits have size N/d.

- Type B: Not invariant under R0, consist of two rotation orbits paired. Size 2N/d.

Now, within an orbit, we need to understand the fixed points under R0 and RK.

For Type A (size N/d), since it's a rotation orbit (a coset of dZ_N), it consists of points with indices congruent to i mod d, where i satisfies 2i ≡ 0 mod d. The points in this orbit are of the form i + m*d, for m=0,...,N/d-1.

Now, which of these are fixed under R0? R0(j) = -j. For j = i + m*d, -j ≡ -i - m*d mod N. For this to equal j, we need 2j ≡ 0 mod N. That's a condition on j. But we can ask: how many points in this orbit are fixed under R0? Similarly for RK.

Alternatively, we can count fixed points in each orbit by considering the intersection of the set of fixed points of a reflection with the orbit.

Since the fixed points of R0 are at most two (0 and N/2 if N even). So each Type A orbit can contain at most two R0 fixed points. Similarly for RK.

In the N=4 example, d=2, Type A orbits: i=0 (even) and i=1? Wait d=2, i=0 and i=1? But i=1 does not satisfy 2i≡0 mod2? 2*1=2≡0 mod2, yes! Since mod2, 2i ≡ 0 always. Actually, for d=2, condition 2i ≡ 0 mod2 is always true because 2i is even. So both residues 0 and 1 satisfy? But earlier we said invariant under R0 if i ≡ -i mod d, i.e., 2i ≡ 0 mod d. For d=2, 2i mod2 = 0 for any i. So both rotation orbits are invariant under R0. Indeed, in N=4, both even and odd sets are invariant under R0? Check: R0 maps 1 to 3, both odd, so odd set is invariant. So both orbits are Type A (size N/d = 2). So both are invariant under R0. That matches: each orbit size 2, and each is a rotation orbit. So in N=4, both orbits are Type A.

In N=6, d=2, rotation orbits: even (0,2,4) and odd (1,3,5). Check invariance under R0: even set: R0(0)=0, R0(2)=4, R0(4)=2 -> stays in even. Odd set: R0(1)=5, R0(3)=3, R0(5)=1 -> stays in odd. So both are invariant under R0. So both are Type A as well. Wait, but earlier we thought even orbit was Type A and odd also Type A? But then why did we have two orbits? Yes, both are Type A. So for d=2, both rotation orbits are invariant because 2i ≡ 0 mod2 always. So both are Type A. So in N=6, both orbits are Type A, size 3 each.

But in N=6, the even orbit had one R0 fixed point (0) and one RK fixed point (2). The odd orbit had one R0 fixed point (3) and one RK fixed point (5). So each Type A orbit of size N/d=3 contained exactly one fixed point under each reflection? Possibly a general property: For a Type A orbit (rotation orbit with i such that 2i≡0 mod d), the number of R0 fixed points in it is either 0,1, or 2 depending on whether the fixed points of R0 fall into that residue class.

Similarly for RK fixed points.

Now, what about Type B orbits? They occur when d is such that there exist i with 2i not ≡ 0 mod d, i.e., i and -i are distinct residues. Then the G-orbit is the union of two rotation orbits, size 2N/d. In such an orbit, R0 swaps the two rotation orbits. So there are no R0 fixed points in that orbit? Actually, could there be R0 fixed points? A point fixed under R0 must satisfy j ≡ -j mod N, which implies 2j ≡ 0 mod N. If such a point exists, its residue i mod d must satisfy 2i ≡ 0 mod d (since 2j ≡ 0 mod N implies 2i ≡ 0 mod d). So fixed points under R0 can only belong to rotation orbits with i satisfying 2i≡0 mod d, i.e., Type A orbits. Therefore, Type B orbits contain no R0 fixed points. Similarly, RK fixed points require 2j ≡ 2K mod N. This condition modulo d: 2j ≡ 2K mod d? Since d divides N and 2K, we can reduce modulo d. 2K ≡ 0 mod d because d = gcd(2K,N), so 2K is a multiple of d. So condition becomes 2j ≡ 0 mod d. So again, j must satisfy 2j ≡ 0 mod d. Thus, RK fixed points also only belong to rotation orbits with 2i≡0 mod d, i.e., Type A orbits. Therefore, Type B orbits contain no fixed points under either reflection.

Thus, the only orbits that contain fixed points are Type A orbits. And Type A orbits are exactly those rotation orbits where the residue i satisfies 2i ≡ 0 mod d. These are the orbits that are invariant under R0 (and under RK as well? Actually, if an orbit is invariant under R0, it's Type A. But is it also invariant under RK? Since RK = R0 ∘ r, and r preserves rotation orbits (since it's a rotation by d), RK maps a rotation orbit to itself? Let's check: RK = R0 ∘ r. r maps a rotation orbit to itself (since it's a rotation by d, which preserves residues mod d). Then R0 maps the orbit to its paired orbit. So if the orbit is invariant under R0, then RK also maps it to itself. So Type A orbits are invariant under both reflections. Type B orbits are not invariant under R0; they consist of two rotation orbits swapped by R0, and RK will also swap them? Since RK = R0 r, and r preserves each rotation orbit, RK will map one rotation orbit to the other if R0 does. So Type B orbits are invariant as a whole under both reflections, but internally they are swapped.

Now, the game: We start with Alice coloring a white fixed point under R0. That fixed point belongs to some Type A orbit (since only Type A have R0 fixed points). Which Type A orbit? There are potentially multiple Type A orbits: i=0 always, and if d even, i=d/2 also. Also possibly others? Condition 2i≡0 mod d. The solutions are i = 0 and i = d/2 (if d even). Are there more? If d has factors, 2i≡0 mod d means i is a multiple of d/gcd(2,d). Actually, solving 2i ≡ 0 mod d. Let d' = d / gcd(2,d). Then i must be a multiple of d'? Wait, 2i ≡ 0 mod d => d | 2i. Let g = gcd(2,d). Write d = g * d1, where d1 is odd if g=1? Actually, if d is odd, gcd(2,d)=1, then condition implies d | i, so i ≡ 0 mod d. So only i=0. If d is even, gcd(2,d)=2, then condition is d | 2i => (d/2) | i. So i is a multiple of d/2. Since i is in 0,...,d-1, the multiples are 0 and d/2. So indeed only i=0 and i=d/2 (if d even). So there are at most two Type A orbits: the one containing 0 (residue 0) and possibly the one containing residue d/2 (if d even). Note that residue d/2 corresponds to points with indices congruent to d/2 mod d. This includes point N/2? Since N is multiple of d, N/2 mod d: if d even, N/2 is a multiple of d/2? Actually, N = d * (N/d). N/2 = d*(N/d)/2. For N/2 to be integer, N even. If d even, then N/2 is a multiple of d/2? Because N/2 = (d/2)*(N/d). So yes, N/2 ≡ 0 mod d/2, but its residue mod d is d/2 if (N/d) is odd? Let's compute: N = d * M, where M = N/d. Then N/2 = d*M/2. For N/2 to be integer, M must be even if d odd? Actually, N even is required for N/2 integer. If d even, then d*M is even regardless of M. N/2 = (d/2)*M. The residue of N/2 modulo d is (d/2)*M mod d. Since (d/2)*M mod d = (d/2)*(M mod 2) because (d/2)*2 = d ≡ 0. So if M is even, (d/2)*M ≡ 0 mod d; if M is odd, (d/2)*M ≡ d/2 mod d. So point N/2 may belong to residue 0 or d/2 depending on M parity. But the fixed point under R0 is N/2 (if N even). So N/2 is a fixed point under R0. It must belong to a Type A orbit (since fixed points only in Type A). So if N even, N/2 is a fixed point, so it must be in the Type A orbit with residue either 0 or d/2. That gives constraints.

But perhaps we don't need such detail; we just need to know whether we can eventually color all points.

From the analysis, the game proceeds by filling Type A orbits first (since they contain the initial fixed point). After filling a Type A orbit, we may need to move to other orbits. Other orbits could be Type A (if there is a second one) or Type B. Type B orbits have no fixed points under either reflection. So to seed a Type B orbit, we cannot use a fixed point move because there are no fixed points in that orbit under any axis. How can we ever color a point in a Type B orbit? The only way to add a point is via a move that makes the configuration symmetric under the mover's axis. If the orbit has no fixed points, then the only way to add a point in that orbit is when there is a mixed orbit under the mover's axis that includes a point in that orbit. But for a mixed orbit to exist, there must already be a black point in that orbit (since mixed means one black, one white). So to get the first black point in a Type B orbit, we need some move that adds a point in that orbit while the configuration is not symmetric? But the move must result in symmetry. Could we add a point in a Type B orbit as part of fixing a mixed orbit? That would require that before the move, there is a mixed orbit under the mover's axis that includes a point in that Type B orbit. But for that mixed orbit to exist, there must already be a black point in that orbit (the other point of the pair). So we need a black point already in that orbit to create a mixed orbit. Thus, it seems impossible to seed a Type B orbit because you need a black point to create a mixed pair, but to get the first black point you need a mixed pair? That's a chicken-and-egg. However, maybe you can seed a Type B orbit by coloring a point that is fixed under the mover's axis? But Type B has no fixed points. So that's impossible. Therefore, Type B orbits can never be colored! Because there is no way to introduce the first black point into a Type B orbit. Let's verify with examples.

Is there any example where a Type B orbit exists and we can color all points? Let's find parameters where d is such that there are Type B orbits. For N=6, d=2, we had only Type A orbits (since both residues satisfy 2i≡0 mod2). So no Type B. For N=4, d=2, also only Type A. For N=8, let's try K=1. Compute d = gcd(2K,N) = gcd(2,8)=2. Then d=2, again only Type A orbits (since 2i≡0 mod2 always). So all orbits are Type A. For N=8, K=2? 2K=4, gcd(4,8)=4 => d=4. Then d=4, which is even. The residues i=0,1,2,3. Condition 2i≡0 mod4 => i=0 or 2. So Type A orbits: residues 0 and 2. Residues 1 and 3 are Type B (paired). So there should be Type B orbits. Let's test N=8, K=2. Can we color all points? Let's simulate mentally or reason.

N=8, points 0..7. Alice at 0, Bob at 2. Compute d=4. Rotation orbits (size N/d=2): residues mod4:
- 0: {0,4}
- 1: {1,5}
- 2: {2,6}
- 3: {3,7}
R0 maps: 0<->0? Actually, R0(j)=-j mod8. So:
0->0, 1->7, 2->6, 3->5, 4->4, 5->3, 6->2, 7->1.
So R0 pairs residues: 1<->3, 2<->2? Wait, residue 2: points 2 and 6. R0(2)=6 (residue 2? 6 mod4=2), so residue 2 is invariant? Check: 2 mod4 -> R0(2)=6 mod4=2, yes. So residue 2 is invariant. Residue 0 is invariant (0->0,4->4). Residue 1 maps to residue 3, and vice versa. So Type A orbits: residues 0 and 2 (each size 2). Type B: residues 1 and 3 together form a G-orbit of size 4.

Now, fixed points under R0: points with 2j≡0 mod8 => j=0,4. So both are in residue 0 orbit. So the residue 0 orbit contains both R0 fixed points? Actually, 0 and 4 are both fixed under R0? Check R0(4)= -4 mod8 =4, yes. So residue 0 orbit has two R0 fixed points. Residue 2 orbit has no R0 fixed points (since 2 and 6 are not fixed). Fixed points under RK (K=2): RK(j)=4 - j mod8. Solve 2j≡4 mod8 => j≡2 mod4 => j=2,6. So fixed points are 2 and 6, which are in residue 2 orbit. So residue 2 orbit has two RK fixed points.

Now, initial move: Alice must color a white fixed point under R0. The white fixed points are 0 and 4. She can choose one, say 0. B1={0}. Then Bob's turn: RK orbits. Compute RK-orbits. Since d=4, we can compute. But let's simulate.

We need to see if we can eventually color all points. According to our hypothesis, Type B orbit (residues 1&3) has no fixed points under either reflection, so maybe it's impossible to color those points. Let's test by trying to find a sequence.

We'll attempt to simulate with Alice coloring 0.

State after Alice: B={0}.

Bob's axis K=2. Compute RK-orbits. We'll list orbits under R2. R2(j)=4 - j mod8. Let's compute pairs:
- 0 -> 4, 4 -> 0 => pair {0,4}
- 1 -> 3, 3 -> 1 => pair {1,3}
- 2 -> 2 (fixed), 6 -> 6 (fixed) => fixed points 2 and 6.
- 5 -> -1 mod8=7? Actually, 4-5=-1≡7, and 4-7=-3≡5 => pair {5,7}
So orbits: {0,4}, {1,3}, {2}, {6}, {5,7}.

Now B={0}. The orbit of 0 under RK is {0,4} mixed (0 black,4 white). So Bob can color 4. B2={0,4}.

Now B2 is RK-symmetric? Check: {0,4} both black; other orbits: {1,3} white, {2} white, {6} white, {5,7} white. Yes.

Now Alice's turn: R0-symmetric? R0 orbits: 
- Fixed: 0,4 (both black)
- Pairs: {1,7}? Actually, R0 pairs: (1,7), (2,6), (3,5). Let's list: R0(1)=7, R0(7)=1 => pair {1,7}; R0(2)=6, R0(6)=2 => pair {2,6}; R0(3)=5, R0(5)=3 => pair {3,5}. Also fixed points 0,4.
Current black: 0,4. So R0-orbits: fixed 0 black, fixed 4 black, pairs: {1,7} both white, {2,6} both white, {3,5} both white. So no mixed orbits, and no white fixed points (since both fixed are black). Therefore, Alice has no legal move! Game ends with B={0,4}. So only two points colored.

If Alice had chosen 4 first, symmetric outcome. So indeed, we cannot progress beyond the residue 0 orbit. The residue 2 orbit (points 2,6) are RK fixed points, but they are white and not R0 fixed. Alice cannot color them because they are not fixed under R0, and there is no mixed R0-orbit to fix. So stuck.

What if after Bob's move, we had a different state? Could Bob have chosen a different move? After Alice's move, B={0}. Bob's legal moves: He must make RK-symmetric. The only mixed RK-orbit is {0,4}, so he must color 4. No choice. So deterministic.

Thus, for N=8, K=2, we cannot color all points. So answer should be No.

But is there any alternative first move for Alice? She could color the other R0 fixed point, 4, leading to similar. So No.

Thus, Type B orbits seem unreachable.

But wait, could we seed the residue 2 orbit by having Alice color a point that is not a fixed point under R0? But from initial all white, Alice can only color a fixed point under R0. So she must start in residue 0 orbit. After that, the process fills that orbit (0 and 4). Then stuck. So residue 2 orbit (which has RK fixed points) cannot be seeded because to seed it, we would need a move by Bob when the configuration is RK-symmetric and there is a white fixed point under RK in that orbit. But after the first two moves, it's Alice's turn, not Bob's. If we could arrange that after filling the first orbit, it's Bob's turn, then Bob could color a white RK fixed point (2 or 6). But in this case, the first orbit (residue 0) was filled in 2 moves (Alice then Bob), so after 2 moves it's Alice's turn. If the orbit size were odd, we would have Bob's turn after fill. Here orbit size is 2 (even). So parity matters.

In N=6, the first orbit (even) had size 3 (odd), so after 3 moves it was Bob's turn, allowing Bob to seed the next orbit. In N=4, first orbit size 2 (even), after 2 moves it's Alice's turn, and Alice has no white fixed points in other orbits, so stuck. In N=8, first orbit (residue 0) size 2 (even), after 2 moves it's Alice's turn, and Alice has no white fixed points in other orbits (since other orbits have no R0 fixed points), so stuck.

Thus, the ability to continue to other orbits depends on:

- After filling the first Type A orbit (the one containing the initial R0 fixed point), the turn must be of the player who has a white fixed point under his axis in some other orbit.

- Additionally, that other orbit must be Type A (since only Type A orbits have fixed points under either reflection). Because Type B orbits have no fixed points, so they cannot be seeded by a fixed point move. Could they be seeded by some other move? Let's think: Suppose after filling the first orbit, it's Bob's turn, and there is a Type B orbit. Bob cannot color a fixed point there because none exist. Could he color a point in that orbit via fixing a mixed RK-orbit? For that, there would need to be a mixed RK-orbit that includes a point in that Type B orbit. But for a mixed RK-orbit to exist, there must already be a black point in that orbit (since mixed means one black, one white). Since the orbit is all white, no mixed orbit. So Bob cannot start it. So Type B orbits are impossible to ever color. Therefore, for all points to be colored, there must be no Type B orbits. That is, all G-orbits must be Type A. In other words, every rotation orbit must be invariant under R0, i.e., for every residue i mod d, we must have 2i ≡ 0 mod d. This condition is equivalent to: d divides 2i for all i, which means that d divides 2i for all i, which forces d to be 1 or 2? Let's analyze.

We need that for all i in Z_d, 2i ≡ 0 mod d. This is true only if d divides 2i for every i. In particular, for i=1, we need d | 2, so d divides 2. So d can be 1 or 2. Also, if d=2, then 2i mod2 =0 for all i, so condition holds. If d=1, trivially holds. If d>2, then there exists i=1 such that 2 mod d ≠ 0, so condition fails. Thus, the condition for all orbits to be Type A (i.e., no Type B) is that d = gcd(2K, N) is either 1 or 2.

But wait, what about d=0? Not possible. So d ∈ {1,2}.

Now, if d=1, then there is only one rotation orbit (since d=1, only residue 0). That orbit is Type A (size N). So there is a single G-orbit containing all points. In this case, the whole set is one orbit. Then we can potentially color all points by filling that single orbit. We need to check if the process can fill the entire orbit without getting stuck before completion. Since it's a single orbit, after we start with an R0 fixed point (0), we will fill the whole orbit. The question is: will we be able to fill it completely, or might we get stuck midway? In the examples with d=1? Let's find parameters where d=1. d = gcd(2K, N) = 1. That means 2K is coprime with N. For N odd, 2 is invertible, so gcd(2K,N)=gcd(K,N) because 2 is invertible mod odd N? Actually, gcd(2K,N) = gcd(K,N) if N is odd, since gcd(2,N)=1. For N even, 2K and N may have factor 2. So d=1 means 2K and N are coprime. For N even, 2K is even, so gcd(2K,N) at least 2 if N even? Not necessarily: if N is even, 2K is even, so gcd(2K,N) is at least 2? Because both even, so gcd at least 2. So d=1 can only happen when N is odd. Because if N even, 2K is even, so gcd(2K,N) ≥ 2. Actually, could be 1 if N is odd? Wait, if N is odd, 2K and N could be coprime. Example: N=5, K=1 => 2K=2, gcd(2,5)=1, d=1. So d=1 possible for odd N. For even N, d is at least 2. So for even N, d can be 2 or more. So condition d=1 corresponds to odd N with gcd(2K,N)=1, i.e., gcd(K,N)=1 (since 2 invertible). So for odd N and K coprime to N, we have a single orbit.

Now, if d=2, then there are two rotation orbits (residues 0 and 1). Both are Type A because 2i≡0 mod2 always. So we have two G-orbits, both Type A, each of size N/2. Example: N=6 (even), d=2 gave two orbits of size 3. N=4, d=2 gave two orbits of size 2. N=8, K=2 gave d=4, not 2. For d=2 to happen, we need gcd(2K,N)=2. For even N, this is common. For example, N=6, K=1,2,4,5 all give d=2? Let's check: N=6, K=1 => 2K=2, gcd(2,6)=2 => d=2. K=2 => 4, gcd(4,6)=2 => d=2. K=4 => 8 mod6=2, gcd(2,6)=2 => d=2. K=5 => 10 mod6=4, gcd(4,6)=2 => d=2. So indeed for N=6, all K except 3 give d=2. For N=4, K=1 => 2, gcd(2,4)=2 => d=2. K=2 => 4, gcd(4,4)=4 => d=4. So K=2 gives d=4, not 2. So for N=4, K=1 gives d=2, but we saw that fails because after filling first orbit (size 2) it's Alice's turn and she has no white fixed points in other orbit. So d=2 is not sufficient; we also need that after filling the first orbit, the turn is such that the other player can seed the second orbit. In N=6, d=2 worked because the first orbit size was odd (3), leading to Bob's turn after fill, and Bob had a white RK fixed point in the other orbit. In N=4, d=2, first orbit size was even (2), leading to Alice's turn after fill, and Alice had no white R0 fixed point in the other orbit (since the other orbit had no R0 fixed points). So the difference is that in N=6, the other orbit contained an R0 fixed point? Actually, in N=6, the other orbit (odd) contained an R0 fixed point (3). But after filling even orbit, it was Bob's turn, and Bob used an RK fixed point (5) to seed the odd orbit. But could Alice have seeded the odd orbit if it were her turn? She would need a white R0 fixed point in odd orbit. In N=6, odd orbit has R0 fixed point 3, which is white after even orbit filled. So if it were Alice's turn, she could color 3. But in N=6, after even orbit filled, it was Bob's turn, not Alice's. But if it were Alice's turn, she could also seed the odd orbit via R0 fixed point. So the key is: after filling the first orbit, the player whose turn it is must have a white fixed point under his axis in some other orbit. In N=6, both players have fixed points in the other orbit: Alice has R0 fixed point 3, Bob has RK fixed point 5. So regardless of whose turn, there is a white fixed point available. In N=4, after filling even orbit, it's Alice's turn, but the other orbit (odd) has no R0 fixed points; it has RK fixed points (1,3). So Alice cannot move, but Bob could if it were his turn. So the parity of the number of moves to fill the first orbit determines whose turn it is. If the first orbit size is odd, then after filling it, the turn alternates to the other player (since starting with Alice, after odd number of moves, it's Bob's turn). If the first orbit size is even, after filling it, it's Alice's turn again.

Thus, for d=2 (two Type A orbits), we need that after filling the first orbit (the one containing the initial R0 fixed point), the player whose turn it is has a white fixed point in the other orbit. That depends on:

- Which orbit is filled first? It will be the orbit containing the initial R0 fixed point chosen by Alice. She can choose between the two R0 fixed points if there are two. In d=2 case, there are two Type A orbits: one with residue 0 (contains 0) and one with residue 1? Actually, for d=2, residues are 0 and 1. Both are Type A. The R0 fixed points are 0 and N/2 (if N even). Which residues do they belong to? 0 belongs to residue 0. N/2: since N is even, N/2 mod2 = 0 if N/2 even? Actually, N/2 mod2 depends on N/2 parity. For N=6, N/2=3, which is odd, so residue 1. So in N=6, the two R0 fixed points are in different orbits: 0 in even, 3 in odd. For N=4, N/2=2, which is even, so residue 0. So both R0 fixed points (0 and 2) are in the same orbit (residue 0). That's why the other orbit (residue 1) has no R0 fixed points. So the distribution of fixed points among the orbits matters.

Thus, for d=2, we have two orbits: Orbit A (residue 0) and Orbit B (residue 1). R0 fixed points: 0 always in Orbit A; N/2 may be in Orbit A or B depending on (N/2) mod 2. Similarly, RK fixed points: they are K and K+N/2 (if N even). Their residues mod2 determine which orbit they belong to.

We need to analyze the game for d=2.

But also, what about d=1 (single orbit)? Then we only have one orbit. The process will fill that orbit completely. We need to ensure that we can fill it without getting stuck before it's full. In a single orbit, after each move, the configuration is symmetric under the mover's axis, and we continue until all points are black. Is it always possible to fill a single orbit completely? Let's test with an odd N example where d=1, say N=5, K=1. Let's simulate.

N=5, points 0..4. Alice at 0, Bob at 1. Compute d = gcd(2K,N)=gcd(2,5)=1. So single orbit of size 5. R0 fixed points: only 0 (since N odd). Alice colors 0. B1={0}. Bob's axis K=1, RK: R1(j)=2 - j mod5. Orbits: compute. Fixed points? Solve 2j≡2 mod5 => j≡1 mod5? Since 2 invertible mod5, j≡1. So fixed point: 1. Orbits: {0,2}? R1(0)=2, R1(2)=0; {1} fixed; {3,4}? R1(3)=2-3=-1≡4, R1(4)=2-4=-2≡3. So B1={0} gives mixed orbit {0,2} (0 black,2 white). Bob colors 2. B2={0,2}. Now B2 is RK-symmetric? Check: orbit {0,2} both black; fixed1 white; orbit {3,4} white. Yes. Alice's turn: R0 orbits: fixed0 black; pairs: {1,4}? R0(1)=4, R0(4)=1; {2,3}? R0(2)=3, R0(3)=2. Current black: 0,2. So R0-orbits: fixed0 black; pair {2,3}: 2 black,3 white -> mixed; pair {1,4} both white. So exactly one mixed orbit {2,3}. Alice colors 3. B3={0,2,3}. Now check R0-symmetric? After adding 3, pair {2,3} both black; fixed0 black; pair {1,4} white. So R0-symmetric. Bob's turn: RK-symmetric? B3={0,2,3}. RK orbits: {0,2} black; fixed1 white; orbit {3,4}: 3 black,4 white -> mixed. So Bob colors 4. B4={0,2,3,4}. Now RK-symmetric? {0,2} black; fixed1 white; {3,4} both black? After adding 4, {3,4} both black. So RK-symmetric. Alice's turn: R0-symmetric? B4: fixed0 black; pair {2,3} black; pair {1,4}: 4 black,1 white -> mixed. Alice colors 1. B5 all black. So Yes. So N=5,K=1 works.

What about N=5,K=2? d=gcd(4,5)=1. Should also work. Likely all odd N with any K (since d=1 always? For odd N, d = gcd(2K,N). Since N odd, gcd(2K,N)=gcd(K,N) because 2 is invertible mod N. So d=1 iff K is coprime to N. If K shares a factor with N, then d>1. For odd N, d could be >1. Example: N=9, K=3 => 2K=6, gcd(6,9)=3 => d=3. Then there would be Type B orbits? Let's check: d=3 (odd). Condition for Type A: 2i≡0 mod3 => i≡0 mod3 (since 2 invertible mod3). So only residue 0 is Type A. Residues 1 and 2 are paired (since 1 and -1=2). So there is one Type A orbit (size N/d=3) and one Type B orbit (size 2N/d=6). So we have a Type B orbit, which likely cannot be colored. So for odd N with d>1, answer might be No. Let's test N=9, K=3. Simulate quickly? Might be No. But we need to verify.

Thus, the condition for all points to be colorable seems to be that there are no Type B orbits, i.e., d = gcd(2K, N) ∈ {1,2}. But we also need that when d=2, the game can actually complete both orbits. As seen, N=4 (d=2) failed, while N=6 (d=2) succeeded. So additional conditions for d=2.

Let's analyze d=2 case thoroughly.

When d=2, N must be even (since d=2 divides N). So N is even. We have two rotation orbits: even indices (residue 0) and odd indices (residue 1). Both are Type A (since 2i≡0 mod2 always). So two orbits: O0 (even) and O1 (odd). Each has size N/2.

Now, we need to consider fixed points under R0 and RK.

R0 fixed points: For even N, points 0 and N/2. Which orbit do they belong to? 0 is even, so in O0. N/2: if N/2 is even, then N/2 ∈ O0; if N/2 is odd, then N/2 ∈ O1. So the parity of N/2 determines distribution.

RK fixed points: For even N, points K and K+N/2. Their parity: K mod 2 determines which orbit K belongs to; K+N/2 mod2 = (K + N/2) mod2. Since N/2 mod2 is either 0 or 1 depending on N/2 parity. So the two RK fixed points may be in the same orbit or different orbits.

Now, the game: Alice starts by coloring a white fixed point under R0. She can choose either 0 or N/2 if both are white. She will choose strategically to maximize chance of success. After her move, B contains one point, which is an R0 fixed point in some orbit (say orbit X). Then Bob will color the white point in the mixed RK-orbit containing that point, which will be the other point in the same orbit? Let's see: After Alice colors a point p (R0 fixed), the RK-orbit of p is either a pair {p, q} if p is not fixed under RK, or a singleton if p is fixed under RK. Since p is R0 fixed, is it necessarily fixed under RK? Not necessarily. For p=0, is 0 fixed under RK? That requires 2K ≡ 0 mod N, i.e., K = N/2. If K ≠ N/2, then 0 is not fixed under RK, so its RK-orbit is a pair {0, 2K}. 2K is even or odd? Since N even, 2K mod N is even? 2K is even, so 2K is even. So 2K belongs to O0 (even). So Bob will color 2K, which is in the same orbit O0. If p = N/2, then N/2 is fixed under RK? Condition: 2K ≡ N mod N? Actually, for N/2 to be fixed under RK, we need 2*(N/2) ≡ 2K mod N => N ≡ 2K mod N => 2K ≡ 0 mod N, so again K = N/2. So unless K = N/2, N/2 is not fixed under RK. Then its RK-orbit is {N/2, 2K - N/2? Actually, R_K(N/2) = 2K - N/2 mod N. Since N/2 is even or odd? If N/2 is even, then N/2 is even, and 2K - N/2 mod N: since 2K is even, even - even = even, so result even. So both in O0. If N/2 is odd, then N/2 is odd, and 2K is even, even - odd = odd, so result odd. So the pair would be {N/2, some odd point}. So the point Bob colors will be in the same orbit as the initial point (since the RK-orbit of a point in O0 stays in O0? Let's check: For a point in O0 (even), its image under RK is 2K - j. Since 2K is even, even - even = even, so result even. So RK maps even to even. Similarly, odd to odd? For odd j, 2K - odd = even - odd = odd. So RK preserves parity as well when N even? Because 2K is even, so parity is preserved: even - even = even, even - odd = odd. So RK preserves the parity (residue mod 2). Thus, RK-orbits are contained within the same parity orbit. So indeed, Bob's move will add a point in the same orbit as Alice's initial point. Therefore, after the first two moves, both points are in the same orbit (the one Alice started in). That orbit now has two black points. In the examples, for N=6, after two moves we had {0,4} (both even) or {0,2}? Actually for K=2, we had {0,4} (both even). For N=4, we had {0,2} (both even). So after two moves, the orbit (say O0 if Alice started with 0) has two black points. Then it's Alice's turn.

Now, what is the state of that orbit after two moves? It may be fully black if the orbit size is 2, or partially black if larger. In N=4, orbit size 2, so it's full. In N=6, orbit size 3, so after two moves, it's not full; there is one white point left in that orbit (2). Then Alice can move, etc.

Thus, the process will fill the starting orbit completely. The number of moves required to fill an orbit of size S, starting with Alice's move (coloring a fixed point in that orbit), and then alternating, can be determined. Let's analyze the filling process within a Type A orbit.

We have an orbit O (size S = N/d, which for d=2 is N/2). The orbit is invariant under both reflections. Within O, we have two involutions: R0 and RK restricted to O. They are permutations on O. The process: start with a black point p0 (which is an R0 fixed point). Then Bob adds the RK-image of p0 (call p1 = RK(p0)), unless p0 is fixed under RK (which happens only if K=N/2, but then d would be? If K=N/2, then 2K=N, so d = gcd(N,N)=N, which is not 2 unless N=2? Actually, if K=N/2 and N even, then 2K = N, so gcd(2K,N)=N, so d=N, not 2. So for d=2, K ≠ N/2. So p0 is not fixed under RK, so p1 is distinct and in O. Then Alice adds the R0-image of p1 (call p2 = R0(p1)), unless p1 is fixed under R0. Is p1 fixed under R0? p1 = RK(p0). Since p0 is R0 fixed, p1 might or might not be R0 fixed. In examples, for N=6, p0=0, p1=4, p2=R0(4)=2. 2 is not R0 fixed (R0 fixed are 0 and 3). So p2 not fixed. Then Bob adds RK(p2), etc. This process continues until the orbit is filled.

We can view this as a walk on the orbit under the group generated by the two reflections, which is a dihedral group of order 2S? Actually, the subgroup of G that stabilizes O is a dihedral group of order 2S? Since O is a G-orbit, the action of G on O is transitive. The kernel might be nontrivial if there are stabilizers. But we can think of the sequence: p0, p1 = RK(p0), p2 = R0(p1), p3 = RK(p2), p4 = R0(p3), ... This is essentially applying alternating reflections. Since R0 and RK are involutions, the composition R0 ∘ RK is a rotation on O (maybe of order S). Indeed, (R0 ∘ RK) restricted to O is a permutation that cycles through the points. In fact, for the orbit O, the rotation r = R0 ∘ RK (or RK ∘ R0) acts as a cyclic shift of order S. Let's verify with N=6, O0={0,2,4}. Compute r = R0 ∘ RK. For K=2, RK(j)=4-j. Then R0(RK(j)) = - (4 - j) = j - 4 mod6. On O0, starting from 0: 0 -> -4 mod6 = 2; 2 -> 2-4=-2≡4; 4->4-4=0. So r cycles (0,2,4). So indeed, r is a 3-cycle on O0. Similarly, on O1, r cycles (1,5,3). So the orbit size S equals the order of r on that orbit.

Thus, the process of alternating moves starting from p0 will generate the sequence: p0, r(p0)? Actually, p1 = RK(p0). Then p2 = R0(p1) = R0(RK(p0)) = r(p0). Then p3 = RK(p2) = RK(r(p0)) = ? Since RK = R0 ∘ r^{-1}? Because r = R0 ∘ RK, so RK = R0 ∘ r^{-1}. Then p3 = RK(p2) = R0(r^{-1}(p2)) = R0(r^{-1}(r(p0))) = R0(p0) = p0 (since p0 is R0 fixed). That would cycle back? Let's compute properly.

We have r = R0 ∘ RK. Then RK = R0 ∘ r^{-1} (since R0 is involution). So:

- p0 (black)
- p1 = RK(p0) = R0(r^{-1}(p0))
- p2 = R0(p1) = R0(R0(r^{-1}(p0))) = r^{-1}(p0)
- p3 = RK(p2) = R0(r^{-1}(p2)) = R0(r^{-1}(r^{-1}(p0))) = R0(r^{-2}(p0))
- p4 = R0(p3) = r^{-2}(p0)
- etc.

So the sequence of points added alternates between applying r^{-1} and R0? It might be simpler to note that after the first two moves, the black set consists of {p0, p1}. Then Alice adds p2 = R0(p1). Since p1 = RK(p0), p2 = R0(RK(p0)) = r(p0). So p2 = r(p0). Then Bob adds p3 = RK(p2) = RK(r(p0)). Since RK = R0 ∘ r^{-1}, p3 = R0(r^{-1}(r(p0))) = R0(p0) = p0 (since p0 fixed under R0). That would be already black, so not a new point. That suggests my calculation is off because after p2, the configuration might not have a mixed RK-orbit that leads to p3 = p0; instead, Bob might have a different move (maybe coloring a fixed point). Let's re-express with actual example.

In N=6,K=2, O0: p0=0, p1=4, p2=2. After these three moves, the orbit is full. Next move was Bob coloring a fixed point in the other orbit, not continuing in same orbit. So the process within an orbit stops when the orbit is full. So the sequence of moves within an orbit is: start with p0 (Alice), then p1 (Bob), then p2 (Alice). That's three moves, and the orbit size is 3. So the number of moves to fill the orbit equals the orbit size S. And the turn after filling is: if S is odd, after S moves (starting with Alice as move 1), the turn would be: move1 Alice, move2 Bob, move3 Alice, ... So after odd number of moves, it's Alice's turn? Actually, after move1 (Alice), turn passes to Bob. After move2 (Bob), turn passes to Alice. After move3 (Alice), turn passes to Bob. So after an odd number of moves, the next player is the opposite of the starting player? Let's see: after 1 move (Alice), next is Bob. After 2 moves, next is Alice. After 3 moves, next is Bob. So after an odd number of moves, the next player is Bob (since Alice started). After an even number, next is Alice. So after S moves, if S is odd, next player is Bob; if S even, next player is Alice.

In N=6, S=3 odd, next player Bob, who then seeded the other orbit. In N=4, S=2 even, next player Alice, who got stuck.

Thus, for d=2, we have two orbits of size S = N/2. The first orbit we fill (the one containing the initial R0 fixed point) will be filled after S moves. After that, the next player is determined by parity of S. We need that player to have a legal move to seed the other orbit. A legal move for that player would be to color a white fixed point under his axis in the other orbit (since after filling the first orbit, the configuration is symmetric under both axes? Actually, after filling the first orbit, is the configuration symmetric under both axes? Let's check: After filling orbit O0 completely, we have O0 all black, O1 all white. Since O0 is invariant under both reflections, and O1 is also invariant (as a set), the configuration is symmetric under both R0 and RK. Because for any point in O0, its mirror is also in O0 and black; for any point in O1, its mirror is in O1 and white. So yes, the configuration is symmetric under both axes. So the player whose turn it is faces a symmetric configuration. The only legal moves are to color a white fixed point under his axis. So we need that there exists a white fixed point under that player's axis in the other orbit O1.

Thus, condition: After filling the first orbit, the player to move (which depends on parity of S) must have at least one white fixed point in the other orbit.

Now, which orbit is filled first? That depends on Alice's initial choice. She can choose to start in either O0 or O1, provided that orbit contains an R0 fixed point. Since R0 fixed points are 0 and N/2. So the orbit containing 0 is O0 (even). The orbit containing N/2 could be O0 or O1 depending on parity of N/2. So Alice may have a choice of which orbit to start in if both R0 fixed points are in different orbits. If both R0 fixed points are in the same orbit, then she can only start in that orbit (since the other orbit has no R0 fixed point to start with). In N=4, both R0 fixed points (0 and 2) are in O0, so she must start in O0. In N=6, R0 fixed points are 0 (O0) and 3 (O1), so she can choose either orbit.

Thus, we have flexibility: Alice can decide which orbit to fill first, by choosing which R0 fixed point to color initially. She will choose the one that leads to a successful outcome, if possible.

After she chooses an orbit X to fill first, that orbit will be filled after S moves (S = N/2). The next player will be: if S is odd -> Bob; if S even -> Alice. Then we need that player to have a white fixed point in the other orbit Y.

Now, what are the fixed points in orbit Y under that player's axis?

- If the player is Alice, she needs a white R0 fixed point in Y.
- If the player is Bob, he needs a white RK fixed point in Y.

Also, note that after filling orbit X, all points in X are black, so any fixed points in X are black. The fixed points in Y are white (since Y is all white). So we just need existence of such fixed points in Y.

Thus, for d=2, the condition for success is that there exists a choice of starting orbit X (among those that contain an R0 fixed point) such that after filling X (which takes S moves), the player whose turn it is (determined by parity of S) has a fixed point in the other orbit Y.

Since S = N/2, parity of S is parity of N/2. So if N/2 is odd, S odd -> next player Bob; if N/2 even, S even -> next player Alice.

Now, we need to check for each possible starting orbit X whether the required fixed point exists in Y.

Let's denote the two orbits: O_even (residue 0) and O_odd (residue 1). We'll determine which R0 fixed points are in which orbit, and which RK fixed points are in which orbit.

R0 fixed points: 0 (even) always in O_even. N/2: if N/2 is even, then N/2 ∈ O_even; if N/2 is odd, then N/2 ∈ O_odd.

RK fixed points: K and K+N/2. Their parity: K mod2 determines orbit of K. K+N/2 mod2 = (K + N/2) mod2. So if N/2 is even, then K+N/2 has same parity as K; if N/2 is odd, then parity flips.

Now, we consider cases based on parity of N/2.

Case 1: N/2 is even. Then N is divisible by 4. Examples: N=4,8,12,... but N=4 we saw fails; N=8 we saw fails for K=2? Let's test N=8, K=2 gave d=4, not 2. For d=2, we need gcd(2K,N)=2. For N=8, what K give d=2? Compute 2K mod8: K=1 ->2, gcd(2,8)=2; K=3 ->6, gcd(6,8)=2; K=5 ->10 mod8=2, gcd(2,8)=2; K=7 ->14 mod8=6, gcd(6,8)=2. So for N=8, K=1,3,5,7 give d=2. Let's test N=8, K=1. We'll simulate later.

First, analyze general.

If N/2 even, then N is multiple of 4. Then N/2 is even, so N/2 ∈ O_even. Thus, both R0 fixed points (0 and N/2) are in O_even. So O_even contains both R0 fixed points; O_odd contains none. So Alice can only start in O_even (since she must color an R0 fixed point). So X = O_even is forced. Then after filling O_even (size S = N/2), the next player depends on parity of S. Since N/2 is even, S is even, so next player is Alice. Alice needs a white R0 fixed point in Y = O_odd. But O_odd has no R0 fixed points. So Alice cannot move. Thus, the game would end with only O_even black. So for N/2 even, answer should be No, regardless of K (as long as d=2). But wait, could there be a scenario where after filling O_even, it's Bob's turn instead? That would require S odd, but S is even. So no. Could Alice choose to start in O_odd? She cannot because O_odd has no R0 fixed point to start with. So indeed, if N/2 even, answer No for d=2.

Check with N=4 (N/2=2 even): we got No. N=8, K=1 (N/2=4 even): let's test quickly to confirm.

N=8, K=1. d=2. O_even = {0,2,4,6}? Wait N/2=4, so size S=4. O_even = even indices: 0,2,4,6. O_odd = 1,3,5,7. R0 fixed points: 0 and 4 (both even). So Alice must start in O_even. She colors, say, 0. Then Bob's move: RK with K=1: R1(j)=2 - j mod8. Orbits: compute? But we can trust the process: after two moves, we'll have two points in O_even. Since S=4, it will take 4 moves to fill O_even? Let's simulate quickly:

- Alice: 0.
- Bob: RK(0)=2? Actually R1(0)=2, so Bob colors 2. B={0,2}.
- Alice: R0(2)=6? R0(2)= -2 mod8 =6, so Alice colors 6. B={0,2,6}.
- Bob: Now configuration? Need to check RK-symmetry. After Alice's move, B should be R0-symmetric. Let's verify: R0(0)=0, R0(2)=6, R0(6)=2, so yes. Now Bob's turn: RK-orbits? We need to see mixed orbit. Current black: 0,2,6. Compute RK-orbits: R1(0)=2 (black), R1(2)=0 (black) -> pair {0,2} both black; R1(6)=? 2-6=-4≡4, white; R1(4)=2-4=-2≡6, black? Actually 4 is white, 6 is black, so orbit {4,6} mixed (6 black,4 white). Also fixed points? Solve 2j≡2 mod8 => j≡1 mod4 => j=1,5. So fixed 1,5 white. Also orbit {3,7}? R1(3)=2-3=-1≡7, R1(7)=2-7=-5≡3, both white. So mixed orbit {4,6}. Bob colors 4. B={0,2,4,6}. Now O_even is full (all even points black). It's Alice's turn (since 4 moves done). Configuration: O_even black, O_odd white. Alice needs a white R0 fixed point in O_odd. But O_odd has no R0 fixed points (R0 fixed are 0,4). So Alice cannot move. Game ends with 4 black points. So No. So matches.

Thus, for d=2 and N/2 even, answer No.

Case 2: N/2 is odd. Then N is even but not divisible by 4; i.e., N ≡ 2 mod 4. Examples: N=6,10,14,... Then N/2 is odd. In this case, R0 fixed points: 0 (even) in O_even; N/2 is odd (since N/2 odd), so N/2 ∈ O_odd. Thus, R0 fixed points are distributed: one in each orbit. So Alice can choose to start in either O_even or O_odd, by coloring 0 or N/2 respectively.

Now, S = N/2 is odd. So after filling the chosen orbit X (size odd), the number of moves S will be odd, so the next player will be Bob (since starting with Alice, after odd moves, next is Bob). So regardless of which orbit Alice starts in, after filling that orbit, it will be Bob's turn. Bob will need a white RK fixed point in the other orbit Y.

Thus, we need that the other orbit Y contains at least one RK fixed point that is white (which it will be, since Y is all white). So the condition reduces to: For the orbit Y (the one not chosen by Alice), there exists at least one RK fixed point in Y.

Since Alice can choose which orbit to fill first, she can choose X such that the other orbit Y contains an RK fixed point. If both orbits contain RK fixed points, then any choice works. If only one orbit contains RK fixed points, she must choose X to be the other orbit, so that Y is the one with RK fixed points. If neither orbit contains RK fixed points, then Bob cannot move after filling X, and game ends with only one orbit black. So we need that at least one of the two orbits contains an RK fixed point, and that Alice can choose X to be the orbit without RK fixed points (if only one has them) or any if both have.

But is it possible that an orbit has no RK fixed points? Let's examine.

RK fixed points are K and K+N/2. Their parity: K mod2, and (K+N/2) mod2 = (K + odd) mod2 = opposite parity if N/2 odd. Since N/2 is odd, adding odd flips parity. So K and K+N/2 have opposite parity. Therefore, one RK fixed point is even, the other odd. Thus, one RK fixed point lies in O_even, the other in O_odd. So each orbit contains exactly one RK fixed point. Great! So for N/2 odd, both orbits have exactly one RK fixed point. Therefore, regardless of which orbit Alice fills first, the other orbit Y will contain an RK fixed point. So Bob will have a legal move.

Now, after Bob colors that RK fixed point in Y, the orbit Y will have one black point (the RK fixed point). Then the process will continue to fill orbit Y. Since orbit Y is of the same size S (odd), and now it's Alice's turn after Bob's move? Let's see: After filling X (S moves), it's Bob's turn. Bob colors a fixed point in Y (move S+1). Now the configuration: X all black, Y has one black point (the RK fixed point). After Bob's move, the configuration is RK-symmetric (since he colored a fixed point under RK, and the rest of Y is white but symmetric? Actually, after Bob colors a fixed point in Y, is the configuration RK-symmetric? We need to check. Before Bob's move, the configuration was symmetric under both axes (X black, Y white). Bob colors a white fixed point under RK in Y. After that, the configuration: X black, Y has that fixed point black, others white. Since the fixed point is in Y and Y is invariant under RK, and the fixed point is black, and all other points in Y are white, is the configuration RK-symmetric? For any point in Y, its RK-image is in Y. For the fixed point, it's fine. For a white point in Y, its image is also white (since both white). So yes, it's RK-symmetric. Also, is it R0-symmetric? Not necessarily, but that's okay; after Bob's move, it's RK-symmetric, and it's Alice's turn.

Now, Alice must make it R0-symmetric. The current configuration has X all black, Y with one black point (which is an RK fixed point, but not necessarily R0 fixed). We need to see if Alice can move. The configuration is RK-symmetric. For Alice to have a move, the configuration must have at most one mixed R0-orbit. Since X is all black and R0-invariant, it contributes no mixed orbits. In Y, we have one black point (say q) and the rest white. Since Y is invariant under R0, the R0-orbits within Y are either pairs or fixed points. The point q may be in a pair or a fixed point under R0. Since Y contains exactly one R0 fixed point (as we have N/2 odd, each orbit has one R0 fixed point). In Y, the R0 fixed point is N/2 if Y is O_odd? Actually, recall: R0 fixed points: 0 in O_even, N/2 in O_odd. So if Y = O_odd, then it contains the R0 fixed point N/2. But q is an RK fixed point in Y. Is q necessarily the R0 fixed point? Not necessarily. In N=6, Y = odd orbit {1,3,5}. RK fixed point in odd orbit is 5. R0 fixed point in odd orbit is 3. So q=5 is not R0 fixed. So in Y, we have one black point q which is not R0 fixed, and the rest white. Then the R0-orbit containing q is a pair {q, R0(q)}. Since q is black and R0(q) is white, that orbit is mixed. Are there any other mixed R0-orbits? Possibly if there is another black point? No. So exactly one mixed R0-orbit. Therefore, Alice can move by coloring the white point in that mixed orbit, which is R0(q). That will add a point in Y. Then the process will continue to fill Y, similar to how X was filled, but now starting with a black point that is not necessarily an R0 fixed point. However, note that the starting point for filling Y is q (RK fixed), and the first move in Y after seeding is by Alice, who will add R0(q). Then Bob will add RK(R0(q)), etc. This will fill Y completely. Since Y size S is odd, the number of moves to fill Y starting from the seed? Let's count: After Bob seeded Y (move S+1), we have one black in Y. Then Alice adds one (move S+2), Bob adds one (S+3), ... until Y is full. The total number of additional moves needed to fill Y is S-1 (since one already black). So total moves from start: S (fill X) + 1 (seed Y) + (S-1) = 2S = N. After all moves, all points black. The turn after the final move? Not needed.

We need to ensure that during the filling of Y, we never get stuck. But the process within an orbit, once seeded with a point (any point), should be able to fill the orbit completely, as long as the orbit is Type A and we alternate moves appropriately. Is it always possible? Let's test with an example where the seed is not a fixed point under the player who starts the filling. In our case, after Bob seeds Y with q (RK fixed), it's Alice's turn. Alice will add R0(q). That is allowed because there is exactly one mixed R0-orbit (the pair containing q). After that, the configuration becomes R0-symmetric. Then Bob's turn: he will add RK(R0(q)) if that creates a mixed RK-orbit, etc. This should continue until Y is full. We should verify that there is no deadlock before Y is full. In N=6, it worked. In general, for a Type A orbit of odd size, starting from any point, the alternating reflection process should fill the orbit completely without getting stuck, because the orbit is like a cycle under r, and the moves correspond to walking along the cycle. However, we must ensure that at each step, the player has exactly one mixed orbit to fix, i.e., the configuration is such that there is exactly one mixed orbit under the current player's axis. This likely holds as long as the orbit is not yet full and the black set is a contiguous segment of the cycle? But we need to be careful.

Let's analyze the dynamics within a single Type A orbit O of size S (odd). The reflections R0 and RK act on O. Since O is invariant, we can consider the restriction. As argued, the composition r = R0 ∘ RK is a rotation on O of order S (since the action is transitive and the orbit size is S). Because d=2 and N/2 odd, S is odd. Also, R0 and RK are involutions without fixed points? Wait, in Type A orbit, there may be fixed points under each reflection. In O_even for N=6, R0 fixed point 0, RK fixed point 2. So there are fixed points. But still, r is a rotation.

Now, suppose we have a set B ⊆ O that is symmetric under one of the reflections, say after a player's move. The process of filling O from a seed can be described as: start with a set that is symmetric under the axis of the player who just moved. Then the next player will add the mirror of some point to achieve symmetry under his axis. This essentially alternates between R0-symmetric and RK-symmetric sets.

We can model the black set as a set of points that is closed under the group generated by the two reflections, but maybe it's easier to trust that the process works for odd S. We can test another example: N=10, K=1 (d=2, N/2=5 odd). Let's simulate quickly to see if any issue.

N=10, points 0..9. Alice at 0, Bob at 1. d=2. Orbits: even {0,2,4,6,8}, odd {1,3,5,7,9}. R0 fixed: 0 (even), 5 (odd? N/2=5, odd, so 5 in odd). RK fixed: K=1 => fixed points: 1 and 1+5=6. So 1 (odd), 6 (even). So each orbit has one RK fixed: even has 6, odd has 1.

Alice can start in even (color 0) or odd (color 5). Suppose she starts in even (0). Then sequence:

- Alice: 0.
- Bob: RK(0)=2? R1(0)=2? Actually R1(j)=2 - j mod10. R1(0)=2. So Bob colors 2. B={0,2}.
- Alice: R0(2)=8? R0(2)= -2 mod10 =8. So Alice colors 8. B={0,2,8}.
- Bob: Now need RK-symmetry. Compute RK-orbits: R1(0)=2 (both black), R1(2)=0, R1(8)=2-8=-6≡4, white; R1(4)=2-4=-2≡8, black? Actually 4 white, 8 black => mixed {4,8}. Also fixed points 1,6 white. Also orbit {6? Actually 6 is fixed? Check: 2*6=12≡2 mod10? Not 2? Wait fixed condition: 2j≡2 mod10 => j≡1 mod5 => j=1,6. So 6 is fixed. So Bob can color 4 (white in mixed pair). B={0,2,4,8}.
- Alice: R0-symmetric? Need to check. R0 orbits: fixed0 black; fixed5 white; pairs: {1,9}, {2,8} both black? 2 and 8 black; {3,7} white; {4,6}: 4 black,6 white -> mixed. So Alice colors 6. B={0,2,4,6,8}. Now even orbit is full? Even points: 0,2,4,6,8 all black. Yes, even orbit full after 5 moves? Let's count moves: 1:A0,2:B2,3:A8,4:B4,5:A6 => 5 moves, odd, next player Bob. Configuration: even full, odd all white. Bob's turn. Bob needs a white RK fixed point in odd. Odd has RK fixed point 1. So Bob colors 1. B includes 1. Then Alice: now odd has black point 1. R0(1)=9, so mixed pair {1,9}. Alice colors 9. Then Bob: RK(9)=? R1(9)=2-9=-7≡3, so mixed {3,9? Actually 9 black,3 white} Bob colors 3. Then Alice: R0(3)=7, mixed {3,7}? Actually 3 black,7 white -> Alice colors 7. Then Bob: RK(7)=2-7=-5≡5, mixed {5,7}? 7 black,5 white -> Bob colors 5. Now all points black. So works.

If Alice started in odd (color 5), similar should work. So N=10,K=1 works.

Thus, for d=2 and N/2 odd, answer seems Yes.

Now, what about d=1 (single orbit)? In that case, there is only one orbit, of size N (which is odd because d=1 implies N odd? Actually, d=1 can happen for odd N only, as argued. So N is odd, orbit size N is odd. The process will fill the whole orbit. We need to ensure that we can fill it completely without getting stuck. In the example N=5,K=1, it worked. Let's test a case where N odd but d>1, e.g., N=9,K=3 (d=3). Then we have Type B orbits, which we suspect cannot be colored. Let's test N=9,K=3 quickly to see if maybe there is a way.

N=9, points 0..8. Alice at 0, Bob at 3. Compute d = gcd(2K,N)=gcd(6,9)=3. So d=3. Rotation orbits: residues mod3: 0:{0,3,6}, 1:{1,4,7}, 2:{2,5,8}. R0 maps: -j mod9. Check invariance: residue 0 is invariant (since -0=0, -3=6, -6=3). Residue 1 maps to -1≡8 mod9 which is residue 2? 8 mod3=2. So residues 1 and 2 are swapped. So G-orbits: one Type A orbit (residue 0) size 3, and one Type B orbit (residues 1&2) size 6.

R0 fixed points: only 0 (since N odd). So 0 is in Type A orbit. So Alice must start in Type A orbit (0). Then Bob's move: RK with K=3: R3(j)=6 - j mod9. Compute RK(0)=6. So Bob colors 6. Now B={0,6}. Then Alice: R0(6)=3? R0(6)= -6≡3. So Alice colors 3. Now Type A orbit {0,3,6} is full (3 points). It's Bob's turn (since 3 moves, odd -> next Bob). Configuration: Type A full, Type B all white. Is the configuration symmetric under both? Type A is invariant, Type B is invariant as a set? Type B is the union of residues 1 and 2, which is invariant under both reflections? Check: R0 maps residue1 to residue2, so Type B as a whole is invariant. So yes, configuration is symmetric under both. Bob's turn: he needs a white fixed point under RK in Type B. Are there any RK fixed points in Type B? RK fixed points: solve 2j≡6 mod9 => 2j≡6 => j≡3 mod9? Since 2 invertible mod9, j≡3? Actually, 2*3=6, so j=3 is a fixed point, but 3 is in Type A, not Type B. Also j=3+9/2? N odd, only one fixed point: K=3 is fixed. So RK fixed point is 3, which is in Type A and already black. So Type B has no RK fixed points. Also, are there any R0 fixed points in Type B? Only 0 is R0 fixed, in Type A. So Type B has no fixed points under either reflection. Therefore, Bob has no legal move (since the configuration is symmetric and there are no white fixed points under his axis). Game ends with only Type A black. So answer No.

Thus, d>2 leads to No because Type B orbits exist and cannot be seeded.

What about d=2 but N/2 even we already saw No. d=2 and N/2 odd gives Yes.

What about d=1 (odd N) gives Yes? Need to check if there is any odd N with d=1 that fails. We tested N=5 works. What about N=3? N=3, points 0,1,2. Alice at 0, Bob at K (1 or 2). Let's test N=3,K=1. d=gcd(2,3)=1. Simulate: Alice colors 0. Bob: RK: R1(j)=2 - j mod3. Orbits: fixed? 2j≡2 mod3 => j≡1 mod3 => fixed point 1. Orbits: {0,2}? R1(0)=2, R1(2)=0. So mixed {0,2}, Bob colors 2. B={0,2}. Alice: R0 orbits: fixed0 black; pair {1,2}? R0(1)=2, R0(2)=1. So mixed {1,2} (2 black,1 white). Alice colors 1. All black. Yes. N=3,K=2 similar. So works.

What about N=1? Not allowed (N>=2).

Thus, for odd N, the condition for Yes is that d=1, i.e., gcd(2K,N)=1. Since N odd, gcd(2K,N)=gcd(K,N). So condition is gcd(K,N)=1. If gcd(K,N)>1, then d>1, and there will be Type B orbits, leading to No. But is it always that for odd N with d>1, there is a Type B orbit? Let's check: d = gcd(2K,N). Since N odd, d = gcd(K,N). If d>1, then d is odd (since N odd). Then rotation orbits: residues mod d. Condition for Type A: 2i ≡ 0 mod d. Since d odd, 2 is invertible mod d, so 2i≡0 => i≡0 mod d. So only residue 0 is Type A. All other residues are paired into Type B orbits. So there is at least one Type B orbit (unless d=1). So yes, Type B exists. And as argued, Type B cannot be seeded because they have no fixed points under either reflection. So answer No for odd N with gcd(K,N) > 1.

But wait, could there be a scenario where the Type B orbit could be seeded by some move other than a fixed point move? Suppose after filling the Type A orbit, the configuration is symmetric under both. The player whose turn it is could potentially make a move that is not a fixed point move if there is a mixed orbit under his axis. But after filling Type A, all orbits are homogeneous (Type A full black, Type B all white). So there are no mixed orbits. So the only possible moves are fixed point moves. Since Type B has no fixed points, no move. So stuck.

Thus, for odd N, condition is gcd(K,N)=1.

Now, for even N, we have two cases:

- If d = gcd(2K,N) > 2, then there exist Type B orbits -> No.
- If d = 2, then we need to check further: if N/2 is odd -> Yes; if N/2 is even -> No.
- If d = 1? But for even N, d cannot be 1 because 2K is even, N even, so gcd at least 2. So d=1 impossible for even N.
- Also, what about d = N? That would happen if 2K ≡ 0 mod N, i.e., K = N/2. Then d = N. In that case, the two axes coincide. Then we have only one reflection essentially. Let's analyze that separately. When K = N/2 (and N even), then RK = R0 (since line through N/2 is same as through 0). So both players have same axis. The game reduces to a single axis. We already saw that leads to only the two fixed points being colored, then stuck. So answer No. This fits the d>2 case? d=N >2 (unless N=2). For N=2, let's check separately. N=2, points 0 and 1. Alice at 0, Bob at K=1 (since K between 1 and N-1, so K=1). N=2 even, K=1 = N/2. So axes coincide. Let's simulate: Alice colors a white fixed point under R0. Fixed points under R0: for N=2, points 0 and 1 are both fixed? Check R0(j)=-j mod2: 0->0,1-> -1≡1, so both fixed. So Alice can color 0. B={0}. Bob's turn: configuration is R0-symmetric? Yes. Bob can color a white fixed point under R0, which is 1. B={0,1}. All points black. So for N=2, K=1, we can color all points! That's a special case because after Bob colors 1, all points are black, game ends. So N=2 works. But our condition d=N=2, and N/2=1 odd, but we are in the coincident axes case. However, our earlier analysis for d=2 assumed d=gcd(2K,N)=2, which includes K=N/2? For N=2, 2K=2, gcd(2,2)=2, so d=2. But N/2=1 odd. According to our d=2 with N/2 odd rule, we would predict Yes. But we need to check if the process works when axes coincide. In N=2, axes coincide, but the process still works because after Alice colors 0, Bob colors 1, and done. But in N=4, K=2 (axes coincide) we got stuck after two moves with only two points black, not all four. So why the difference? Because in N=2, the orbit size S = N/2 =1? Actually, N=2, d=2, orbits: even {0}? Wait N=2, points 0,1. Residues mod2: 0 even, 1 odd. Each orbit size N/d = 1. So each orbit is a singleton. Both are Type A. R0 fixed points: both 0 and 1 are fixed, so each orbit has an R0 fixed point. Alice can start in either orbit. Suppose she starts in even (0). Then after her move, B={0}. Bob's turn: configuration is R0-symmetric? Yes. Bob can color a white fixed point under R0, which is 1 (in odd orbit). That fills the other orbit. So all black. So it works because the other orbit has an R0 fixed point (since both points are fixed). In N=4, K=2, axes coincide, but the orbits are size 2 each, and only one orbit (even) has R0 fixed points? Actually, for N=4, K=2, d=gcd(4,4)=4, not 2. So d=4, not 2. So our d=2 case does not include K=N/2 when N>2? Because for N>2 even, if K=N/2, then 2K=N, so gcd(2K,N)=N, which is >2 unless N=2. So for N>2, K=N/2 gives d=N (≥4 if N≥4). So it falls into d>2 case, which we already said No. So the only even N with d=2 are those where gcd(2K,N)=2, which implies K not equal N/2 (unless N=2). So for N>2, d=2 implies K ≠ N/2, so axes are distinct. Good.

Thus, for even N, the condition for Yes is: d = 2 and N/2 is odd. Equivalently, gcd(2K,N) = 2 and (N/2) % 2 == 1.

But we can simplify these conditions in terms of N and K.

Let's express:

- For odd N: Yes iff gcd(K, N) = 1.
- For even N: Let d = gcd(2K, N). Then:
   - If d > 2: No.
   - If d = 2: then need N/2 odd. i.e., N ≡ 2 mod 4.
   - If d = ? Could d be 0? No.

But also, what about the case d = 2 and N/2 odd, we also need that the other orbit has an RK fixed point, which we argued always holds because RK fixed points are one even, one odd when N/2 odd. Let's verify: When N/2 odd, K and K+N/2 have opposite parity, so one in each orbit. So yes.

Thus, condition for even N: gcd(2K, N) = 2 and N/2 is odd.

But is there any even N with d=2 and N/2 odd that fails? We tested N=6 (works), N=10 (works), N=14 likely works. What about N=2? N=2, d=gcd(2K,2). K=1 => 2K=2, gcd=2, N/2=1 odd, so condition says Yes, which matches.

What about N=18? Let's test a case where N/2=9 odd, and d=2. For d=2, we need gcd(2K,18)=2. That means 2K is even but not divisible by 4 or 6? Actually, gcd(2K,18)=2 implies that 2K is 2 mod something. For example, K=1 => 2K=2, gcd=2, works. K=5 => 2K=10, gcd(10,18)=2, works. K=7 =>14, gcd=2, works. K=11=>22 mod18=4, gcd(4,18)=2? 4 and 18 gcd=2, yes. K=13=>26 mod18=8, gcd(8,18)=2. K=17=>34 mod18=16, gcd(16,18)=2. So many K. Should be Yes.

Now, what about even N where d=2 but N/2 even? Example N=4 (N/2=2 even) we saw No. N=8 with K=1 (d=2, N/2=4 even) we saw No. N=12? N=12, N/2=6 even. For d=2, e.g., K=1 => 2K=2, gcd(2,12)=2, N/2=6 even. Should be No. Let's test quickly N=12,K=1 to confirm. Simulate maybe conceptually: Orbits: even {0,2,4,6,8,10} size 6, odd {1,3,5,7,9,11} size 6. R0 fixed points: 0 and 6? N/2=6, even, so both in even orbit. So Alice must start in even. Even orbit size 6 (even). After filling even (6 moves), next player would be Alice (since even number of moves). Alice needs a white R0 fixed point in odd, but odd has none. So stuck. So No. So condition holds.

Now, what about even N where d=4? e.g., N=8, K=2 gave d=4, No. N=12, K=2 => 2K=4, gcd(4,12)=4, d=4 >2, No. N=12, K=6 => 2K=12, gcd=12, d=12 >2, No. So consistent.

Thus, final condition:

- If N is odd: answer Yes iff gcd(K, N) = 1.
- If N is even: answer Yes iff gcd(2K, N) = 2 and (N/2) is odd.

But we can simplify the even condition. Since N is even, let N = 2 * M. Then N/2 = M. Condition: gcd(2K, 2M) = 2 and M is odd.

Compute gcd(2K, 2M) = 2 * gcd(K, M). Because gcd(2K,2M) = 2 * gcd(K, M). So condition gcd(2K, N) = 2 is equivalent to 2 * gcd(K, M) = 2 => gcd(K, M) = 1. And additionally M odd.

Thus, for even N = 2M, the condition becomes: gcd(K, M) = 1 and M is odd.

Check: N=6 => M=3, gcd(K,3)=1? For K=1,2,4,5, gcd with 3 is 1 (since 3 is prime, K not multiple of 3). K=3 gives gcd(3,3)=3, not 1, and also M=3 odd, but gcd not 1, so condition fails -> No, matches. For N=4 => M=2, gcd(K,2)=1? K=1 gives gcd(1,2)=1, but M=2 even, so condition fails because M even. So No. K=2 gives gcd(2,2)=2 not 1, also fails. So No. For N=8 => M=4 even, so condition fails regardless of gcd. For N=10 => M=5 odd, need gcd(K,5)=1. K=1,2,3,4? gcd(1,5)=1, gcd(2,5)=1, gcd(3,5)=1, gcd(4,5)=1. So all K except 5? K=5 gives gcd(5,5)=5 not 1, and also K=5 is N/2? Actually N=10, K=5 is N/2, which gives d=gcd(10,10)=10>2, condition fails. So Yes for K=1,2,3,4? Let's test N=10,K=2: we already simulated? Not yet, but should work. K=3? Should work. K=4? Should work. So condition seems correct.

For N=2 => M=1 odd, need gcd(K,1)=1 (always true). So Yes for K=1, matches.

Thus, we have a unified condition:

Let N and K be given.

If N is odd: answer Yes if gcd(K, N) = 1, else No.

If N is even: write N = 2M. Then answer Yes if M is odd and gcd(K, M) = 1; otherwise No.

But wait, is there any even N where M is odd but gcd(K,M) >1 yet maybe still Yes? Let's test N=6, M=3 odd, K=3 gives gcd(3,3)=3 >1, we know No. So condition holds.

What about even N where M is odd but K such that gcd(K,M)=1 but also K = N/2? That would mean K = M, but then gcd(K,M)=M >1 unless M=1. So only N=2 case. So fine.

Now, what about even N where M is even but gcd(K,M)=1? Example N=8, M=4 even, gcd(K,4)=1 possible for K odd (1,3,5,7). But we saw N=8,K=1 gave No. So condition requires M odd.

Thus, final condition: All points can be colored black iff either (N odd and gcd(K,N)=1) or (N even and (N/2) is odd and gcd(K, N/2)=1).

We can also express in terms of d = gcd(2K,N). For even N, d=2 * gcd(K, N/2). So d=2 iff gcd(K, N/2)=1. And we also need N/2 odd. So condition: d=2 and (N/2) odd.

Now, we should verify with sample: N=6 (even, M=3 odd, gcd(K,3)=1 for K=1,2,4,5 -> Yes; K=3 gcd=3 -> No). Sample: 6 2 -> Yes, 6 3 -> No, 6 1 -> Yes. Matches. N=200000, M=100000 even, so No regardless of K? But K=100000 gives gcd(100000,100000)=100000>1, but even if K=1, M even, condition fails. So No. Sample says No for 200000 100000, but also for any K? The sample only gave that one, but likely No for all K when N=200000 because M=100000 even. So matches.

Now, test additional cases: N=2, K=1 -> Yes (our condition: even N, M=1 odd, gcd(1,1)=1 -> Yes). Good.

N=10, K=5 -> M=5 odd, gcd(5,5)=5 >1 -> No. Should be No. Let's test quickly: N=10, K=5 (axes coincide). Alice colors 0, Bob colors 5? Actually, RK = R5, which is same as R0? Since K=5, line through 5 is same as through 0? For N=10, point 5 is opposite 0? Actually, 5 is N/2, so yes axes coincide. Then after Alice 0, Bob can color 5 (fixed under both). Then configuration {0,5} symmetric, but other points white. Alice's turn: no white fixed points (0 and 5 are black), and pairs are white, so cannot move. So No. Good.

N=10, K=2 -> M=5 odd, gcd(2,5)=1 -> Yes. We simulated K=1, but K=2 should also work. Let's test quickly: N=10,K=2. d=gcd(4,10)=2, M=5 odd. Should work. We can trust.

N=12, M=6 even -> No for all K. Check K=1: d=gcd(2,12)=2, but M even, so condition says No. We argued earlier No. Good.

N=14, M=7 odd, need gcd(K,7)=1. So K not multiple of 7. Since K between 1 and 13, only K=7 fails. So Yes for K≠7. Test K=7 (axes coincide) -> No. K=1 -> Yes.

Now, what about N=18, M=9 odd, need gcd(K,9)=1. So K not multiple of 3. So K=3,6,9,12,15 would be No? But K=9 is N/2? N=18, N/2=9, so K=9 gives axes coincide, No. K=3,6,12,15 also have gcd>1, so No. Others Yes.

We should also consider the possibility that when N is even and M odd, but gcd(K,M)=1, yet maybe the process fails due to some other subtlety? Let's test a borderline: N=2, we already did. N=6 we did. N=10 we did. N=14 we can test a quick mental for K=2 maybe. Should be fine.

But we must also consider the case where N is even and M odd, but K such that the initial R0 fixed points are both in the same orbit? Actually, when M odd, N/2 is odd, so R0 fixed points are 0 (even) and N/2 (odd). So they are in different orbits. So Alice can choose which orbit to start in. In our analysis, we assumed she would choose the orbit that leads to success. But is it always possible to choose such that after filling that orbit, Bob has an RK fixed point in the other? Since both orbits have RK fixed points (one each), regardless of which orbit she fills first, the other orbit will have an RK fixed point. So both choices work. However, we also need that after filling the first orbit, it's Bob's turn. Since S = M is odd, after filling the first orbit (odd number of moves), it's Bob's turn. So Bob can seed the other orbit. So success.

But what if Alice chooses to start in the orbit that contains an RK fixed point? That's fine. The other orbit also contains an RK fixed point. So no issue.

Thus, condition stands.

Now, we should also consider the case where N is even and M odd, but gcd(K,M)=1, yet maybe the orbit size M is 1? That's N=2, already covered.

Thus, the solution is to compute:

If N % 2 == 1:
    ans = (gcd(K, N) == 1)
Else:
    M = N // 2
    ans = (M % 2 == 1) and (gcd(K, M) == 1)

But wait, is there any scenario where N even, M odd, gcd(K,M)=1, but K is such that 2K ≡ 0 mod N? That would imply K = N/2, but then gcd(K,M) = gcd(M,M)=M >1, so condition fails. So covered.

Now, we should also test N=2, M=1 odd, gcd(1,1)=1 -> Yes.

Now, what about N=0? Not.

Thus, we have a simple condition.

But we must also consider the possibility that when N is even and M odd, but the initial move by Alice could be to color N/2 (the other fixed point) which is in the odd orbit. That orbit size M is odd. After filling that orbit, it's Bob's turn, and the other orbit (even) has an RK fixed point? Since RK fixed points are K and K+M. Since M odd, K and K+M have opposite parity, so one in even, one in odd. So yes, the other orbit has an RK fixed point. So works.

Thus, answer is as above.

Now, we must confirm with more examples, maybe N=18, K=2 (M=9 odd, gcd(2,9)=1) -> Yes. Let's simulate a few steps to ensure no hidden deadlock. The process should be similar to N=6,10.

We can also test N=18, K=4 (gcd(4,9)=1) -> Yes. Should work.

Now, what about N=30, M=15 odd, need gcd(K,15
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
