=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
qwen

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
Note: This problem has almost the same setting as Problem B. Only the parts in bold in the main text and constraints differ.
You are holding a ring with both hands.
This ring consists of N\ (N \geq 3) parts numbered 1,2,\dots,N, where parts i and i+1 (1 \leq i \leq N-1) are adjacent, and parts 1 and N are also adjacent.
Initially, your left hand is holding part 1, and your right hand is holding part 2.
In one operation, you can do the following:

- Move one of your hands to an adjacent part of the part it is currently holding. However, you can do this only if the other hand is not on the destination part.

The following figure shows the initial state and examples of operations that can and cannot be made from there. The number written on each part of the ring represents the part number, and the circles labeled L and R represent your left and right hands, respectively.

You need to follow Q instructions given to you in order.
The i-th (1 \leq i \leq Q) instruction is represented by a character H_i and an integer T_i, meaning the following:

- Perform some number of operations (possibly zero) so that your left hand (if H_i is L) or your right hand (if H_i is R) is holding part T_i.
  Here, you may move the other hand not specified by H_i.

Under the settings and constraints of this problem, it can be proved that any instructions are achievable.
Find the minimum total number of operations required to follow all the instructions.

Input

The Input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N Q
H_1 T_1
H_2 T_2
\vdots
H_Q T_Q

Output

Print the minimum total number of operations required to follow all the instructions.

Constraints


- 3\leq N \leq 3000
- 1\leq Q \leq 3000
- H_i is L or R.
- 1 \leq T_i \leq N
- N, Q, and T_i are integers.

Sample Input 1

6 3
R 4
L 5
R 5

Sample Output 1

6


By performing the following operations, you can follow all Q instructions in order.

- Move your right hand as part 2 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 4 to follow the first instruction.
- Move your left hand as part 1 \rightarrow 6 \rightarrow 5 to follow the second instruction.
- Move your left hand as part 5 \rightarrow 6, then move your right hand as part 4 \rightarrow 5 to follow the third instruction.

In this case, the total number of operations is 2+2+1+1=6, which is the minimum.

Sample Input 2

100 2
L 1
R 2

Sample Output 2

0

There are cases where you can follow the instructions without performing any operations.

Sample Input 3

30 8
R 23
R 26
R 29
L 20
R 29
R 19
L 7
L 16

Sample Output 3

58

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commitment-and-closure way.

A productive pattern for this task usually looks like this:
- Use the decisive constraints to narrow to one main candidate fairly early.
- Before full coding, run one compact feasibility screen on complexity, data-structure fit, and the awkward corner cases that could invalidate that candidate.
- If the candidate survives that screen, turn it into concrete code structure promptly: main state, loop order, invariants, and helper layout.
- Keep later reflection attached to the current draft. If a mismatch appears, first try a local repair or a small structural adjustment inside the same approach.
- Revisit the whole design only when a real contradiction appears, not just because another idea is also possible.
- In many cases, once the draft and the quick recheck agree, closing is stronger than continuing to compare nearby alternatives.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- alternating between redesign, knowledge recall, and reconsideration after coding has already started;
- returning from a viable draft to abstract discussion without new evidence;
- letting a local uncertainty grow into a full restart when a smaller patch would do.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I need to solve this problem where I have a ring with N parts, and I'm holding two hands on two adjacent parts. The goal is to follow a sequence of instructions that tell me to move one hand to a specific part, and I need to minimize the total number of operations (moves) to satisfy all instructions.

First, I'll break down the problem. The ring is circular, so part 1 is adjacent to part N and part 2. Initially, the left hand is at part 1, and the right hand is at part 2. Each move can only be to an adjacent part, and you can't move to the same part as the other hand.

The instructions are given in order, each specifying which hand (left or right) should be at a particular part. I need to figure out the minimal moves to satisfy all these instructions.

I think the key here is to model the state of the system. The state can be defined by the positions of the left and right hands. Since the ring is circular, the positions can be thought of in a circular manner. The constraints say that N can be up to 3000 and Q up to 3000, so I need an efficient solution.

Each instruction requires that a specific hand is at a specific part. But between instructions, I can move either hand (as long as the other hand isn't in the way). So, after each instruction, the state must have the specified hand at the specified part.

The challenge is to minimize the total number of moves. Each move is an operation, and I can move either hand independently as long as the destination isn't occupied by the other hand.

I remember that in problems involving two pointers on a circular structure, sometimes we can use a graph or dynamic programming to model the transitions. But with N and Q up to 3000, maybe a DP with O(N*Q) states is acceptable.

But wait, the state is defined by two positions (left and right). Since the ring is circular, the positions can be represented as integers modulo N. The initial state is (1, 2). Each instruction requires that if H_i is 'L', then the left hand must be at T_i, and if H_i is 'R', the right hand must be at T_i.

But note: the instructions are sequential. After each instruction, we must be in a state that satisfies the next one. So, we need to go from state to state, each state being a pair (l, r) where l and r are the current positions of the left and right hands.

But the state space is N*N, which is 9e6 when N=3000. And Q can be up to 3000. So, if I try to do a DP for each instruction, the state space might be too big.

Alternatively, maybe we can notice that the two hands are constrained by the ring and that the only thing that matters is the relative positions and the constraints given by the instructions.

Another thought: maybe we can model the problem as moving two points on a circle and use the concept of the minimal steps between two points on a circle, considering the two directions.

But note the constraint: you cannot move to the same part as the other hand. So, the moves are restricted by the other hand's position.

This seems complicated. Maybe we can break the problem into two parts:

1. For each instruction, determine the minimal cost to move the required hand to the target part, given the previous state (the state after the last instruction).

But the previous state is the result of the previous instruction, and we have to satisfy the next instruction. So, we need to consider the entire sequence.

Alternatively, we can use a state machine that has states for the current positions and then for each instruction, we transition from the current state to a state that satisfies the next instruction, and we keep track of the minimal total moves.

But with 9e6 states and 3000 instructions, that would be 27e9 states, which is too slow in Python.

Wait, maybe we can optimize by noticing that the two hands are adjacent at the beginning and must remain adjacent? Actually, no, because the instructions can move one hand independently, but the constraint is that you cannot move to the same part as the other hand. However, after each move, the two hands can be anywhere on the ring as long as they are not the same.

But wait, the problem doesn't require the two hands to be adjacent at the end of each instruction? Actually, no. The constraint is only that during a move, you cannot move to the other hand's position. So, after a move, the hands can be adjacent or not.

But note: initially, the hands are at 1 and 2 (adjacent). Then, when moving, you can only move to an adjacent part that is not occupied by the other hand. So, if the two hands are adjacent, then you can move one hand to the next part, but then the two hands become separated by one part? Or maybe not.

Wait, the problem says: "In one operation, you can do the following: Move one of your hands to an adjacent part of the part it is currently holding. However, you can do this only if the other hand is not on the destination part."

So, if I'm at state (1,2), I can move the left hand to 2? No, because the right hand is at 2, so I cannot. Similarly, I can move the right hand to 1? No, because the left hand is at 1. So, from the initial state, I can only move the left hand to N (if N is adjacent to 1) or the right hand to 3.

Wait, the ring: part 1 is adjacent to part 2 and part N. Similarly, part 2 is adjacent to part 1 and part 3.

So, from (1,2), the left hand can move to N (if N != 2, which it isn't because N>=3). Similarly, the right hand can move to 3.

Now, the problem is to satisfy a sequence of instructions. Each instruction specifies that a particular hand must be at a particular part.

I think we can model this as a graph where each node is a state (l, r) and edges are the minimal moves to transition from one state to another, but that graph is too big.

Alternatively, we can use a BFS for each instruction? But that would be too slow for 3000 instructions.

Wait, maybe we can use a two-pointer or greedy approach? Or maybe use the fact that the ring is circular and compute the minimal steps between two points in two directions.

But the complication is that the two hands are moving independently, and they cannot be on the same part. So, the state is (l, r) and we need to go from one state to another, but the moves are constrained.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the "Two Robots" problem or "Two Journeys" on a circular path, but with two independent moving hands that cannot occupy the same cell.

But note, we are allowed to move either hand independently, as long as the destination is not occupied by the other hand.

So, the minimal moves to get from state (l1, r1) to (l2, r2) might be computed by considering the two hands separately, but the constraint is that we cannot have the two hands cross each other or something? Actually, no, the constraint is only during a move: the destination must not be the other hand's current position.

But note: after moving one hand, the positions change, so the next move might be restricted.

However, if we are only concerned with the minimal total moves to satisfy the sequence of instructions, we can consider the following:

Let the state after the i-th instruction be (l_i, r_i). We start at (1,2). Then, for each instruction j (from 1 to Q), we have a condition: if the instruction is for the left hand, then l_j must be T_j, and similarly for the right hand.

But note: we can move both hands arbitrarily (as long as the constraints are met) between instructions.

So, the problem is to find a sequence of states (l_0, r_0), (l_1, r_1), ..., (l_Q, r_Q) such that:
- (l_0, r_0) = (1, 2)
- For each i from 0 to Q-1, the state (l_i, r_i) must satisfy that if the i-th instruction is (H, T), then the hand specified by H is at T.
- The total number of moves (each move is a change in l or r) is minimized.

But the number of states is too big.

Alternatively, we can note that the two hands are independent, but the constraint is that they cannot be on the same part. So, the minimal moves for each hand to get to its target, ignoring the other hand, might be computed by the circular distance. But the other hand's movement also affects the minimal steps because the other hand might block the path.

Wait, actually, the two hands are moving independently, but the blocking condition only applies during a move: you cannot move to the other hand's current position. So, if we are moving the left hand, we must ensure that the target is not the current position of the right hand, and vice versa.

But note: the two hands are moving in the same ring. So, the minimal steps for the left hand to go from its current position to its target, without considering the right hand, is the circular distance (min(|a-b|, N-|a-b|)) in both directions (clockwise and counterclockwise). But the presence of the right hand might force detours.

Wait, no. Actually, the problem is that the two hands are moving, and we are allowed to move one hand at a time. So, the minimal steps for a hand to move from A to B on a circle, if the other hand is moving as well, is not simply the circular distance because the other hand might be in the way.

But note: we are allowed to move the other hand as well, and we can interleave the moves arbitrarily. So, the problem is to find a sequence of moves that moves the two hands from their current state to the next state (satisfying the instruction) with minimal total moves.

This seems very complex.

Wait, maybe we can think of it as a graph with two nodes (the two hands) on a circle, and we need to move the two nodes to satisfy the constraints. The minimal moves can be broken down by the two hands independently, but the constraint is that they cannot be at the same node.

But the minimal steps for each hand to reach its target, ignoring the other hand, is the circular distance. However, if the two hands are moving, they might block each other. But note: we can move one hand at a time, so the blocking condition is only during a move. So, when moving one hand, the other hand must not be at the destination. But the other hand can be moved as well, so we can plan the moves so that the two hands do not conflict.

Actually, the problem is equivalent to: given two points on a circle, and a sequence of instructions that require one or the other to be at a specific point, what is the minimal total moves?

This is similar to the problem of two tokens on a circle, moving one at a time, with no two tokens on the same cell, and we need to satisfy a sequence of conditions (each condition is about one token being at a specific position).

This is a complex problem, but note that the constraints say that any instructions are achievable.

I recall that in such problems, we can use a state that represents the positions of the two tokens and then use BFS or Dijkstra for each step. But with N=3000 and Q=3000, we cannot iterate over all states.

Alternatively, we can use a mathematical approach: for each instruction, we can compute the minimal cost to move the required hand to the target, given the current state, but then we have to account for the other hand's movement.

Wait, actually, we can consider the following: the total moves for the two hands are independent, except for the blocking condition. But note: the blocking condition only applies during a move, and we can choose the order of moves arbitrarily. So, the minimal total moves to get from (l_old, r_old) to (l_new, r_new) is the sum of the minimal moves for each hand to reach its target, but we must account for the fact that the two hands cannot be at the same position.

But wait, the minimal moves for each hand to go from its old position to its new position is the circular distance. However, if the two hands pass through the same positions, that might cause a conflict. But note, we can interleave the moves arbitrarily, so we can move one hand until it's just before the other, then move the other, etc.

But actually, the minimal moves for each hand to get to its target is fixed, unless the two hands are forced to take a detour because of the blocking condition.

Wait, no. The blocking condition only applies during a move: if you want to move a hand to a position that is currently occupied by the other hand, you cannot. But the other hand can be moved away. So, the minimal moves for each hand is the circular distance, because we can always move the other hand away if necessary. However, the problem is that the other hand might be in the way, and we have to move it out of the way, which adds extra moves.

But note: we can move the other hand as well. So, the minimal total moves for the two hands to reach their targets from the initial state is the sum of the minimal moves for each hand, but we have to account for the blocking condition.

Wait, actually, the blocking condition complicates the movement because if the target of one hand is between the current position and the other hand, we might have to move the other hand first.

This is getting complicated.

Alternatively, we can think of the problem as: we have two points on a circle, and we need to move them to two new points. The moves are independent, but the constraint is that during a move, the destination must not be the other hand's current position.

But note: we can move one hand at a time, so the constraint is local. So, the minimal total moves is the sum of the minimal moves for each hand to reach its target, provided that we can interleave the moves so that the blocking condition is always satisfied.

But is that always true? Let me test with the sample: N=6, initial state (1,2). First instruction: R 4.

So, we need to move the right hand from 2 to 4. The minimal moves for the right hand is 2 (2->3->4). The left hand remains at 1. But during the moves, we cannot have the right hand at 1. Initially, the right hand is at 2, and the left hand at 1. So, when moving the right hand from 2 to 3, the left hand is at 1, so 3 is free. Then from 3 to 4: the left hand is at 1, so 4 is free. So, no problem.

Total moves: 2.

Next instruction: L 5. Now, we need to move the left hand from 1 to 5. The minimal moves for the left hand is 2 (1->6->5). But note: the right hand is at 4. So, when moving the left hand from 1 to 6, the destination 6 must not be occupied by the right hand (which is at 4), so it's free. Then from 6 to 5: the right hand is at 4, so 5 is free. So, total moves: 2.

Then, the third instruction: R 5. Now, the left hand is at 5, the right hand is at 4. We need to move the right hand to 5. But we cannot move the right hand to 5 because the left hand is there. So, we must move the left hand away first. The minimal way is to move the left hand from 5 to 6 (1 move). Then move the right hand from 4 to 5 (1 move). So, total moves for this instruction: 2.

Total: 2+2+2=6.

But wait, the sample says 6, which matches.

But in the sample explanation, they did:
- First instruction: right hand moves 2 steps (total 2)
- Second instruction: left hand moves 2 steps (total 4)
- Third instruction: left hand moves 1 step (to 6) and then right hand moves 1 step (from 4 to 5) (total 6)

So, the minimal moves for the third instruction is 2, but in the sample explanation, they broke it into two moves (one for left, one for right). But the instruction counts the operations (each move is one operation). So, the total operations is 2+2+2=6.

But note: the minimal moves for the right hand to go from 4 to 5 is 1, but because the left hand was at 5, we had to move the left hand first. So, the blocking condition forced an extra move.

So, the minimal moves for each hand to reach its target is not independent because the other hand might be in the way.

But wait, the minimal steps for the right hand to go from 4 to 5 is 1, but we had to move the left hand first, which is an extra move. So, the total moves for the third instruction is 2, not 1.

This means that the minimal moves for a single hand to reach its target is not just the circular distance, because the other hand might be in the way and we have to move it out of the way first.

So, the problem is more complex.

Let me try to formalize:

Let the current state be (l, r) and the next instruction is to have hand H at position T.

We need to get from (l, r) to a state (l', r') such that:
- If H is 'L', then l' = T and r' can be any position except T (and not equal to l').
- If H is 'R', then r' = T and l' can be any position except T.

But note, we can move both hands arbitrarily (as long as the blocking condition is satisfied during each move) until we reach the desired state.

What is the minimal number of moves?

We can consider two cases:

Case 1: The target hand is already at T. Then, we don't need to move that hand. But we might need to move the other hand if it is blocking the target hand for the next instruction? Actually, no, because the instruction only requires the specified hand to be at T. The other hand can be anywhere except T.

Case 2: The target hand is not at T. Then, we need to move it to T.

But the minimal moves to move the target hand from its current position to T is the circular distance, but we must account for the other hand's position and movement.

However, we are allowed to move the other hand as well. So, we can move the other hand away to avoid blocking.

This seems like a two-agent pursuit problem on a circle with a no-collision constraint.

I think the key is to consider the relative positions of the two hands and the target.

But note that the problem is sequential: we have a sequence of instructions, and we must satisfy each one in order.

So, we need to keep track of the state (l, r) after each instruction.

But the state space is too large to iterate over.

Alternatively, we can notice that the minimal moves for each instruction can be broken down into two components: the moves of the required hand and the moves of the other hand (if necessary).

But the moves of the other hand might be necessary to clear the path for the required hand.

Wait, let's consider the third instruction in the sample: we are at state (5,4) and we need to move the right hand to 5. The minimal way is to move the left hand first (to 6) and then the right hand (to 5). So, the total moves is 2.

But note: the minimal steps for the right hand to go from 4 to 5 is 1, but we had to move the left hand first, so the total moves is 2.

Similarly, if the required hand is not blocked by the other hand, then we can move it directly. Otherwise, we have to move the other hand away first.

So, for each instruction, we need to check if the target is blocked by the other hand. If it is, then we must move the other hand away (to a free position) and then move the required hand.

But note: moving the other hand away might not be straightforward. The other hand can move to any adjacent free position. So, we can move the other hand to one of the adjacent positions, but then we have to consider the next instruction.

This seems too intertwined.

Another approach: we can model the entire process as a sequence of moves for the two hands, and we need to minimize the total moves.

We can use dynamic programming where the state is (l, r, i) meaning after processing i instructions, the left hand is at l and the right hand is at r. Then, we transition by moving either hand (if possible) and update the total moves.

But the state space is N*N*Q, which is 3000*3000*3000 = 27e9 states, which is too many.

But note: we don't need to consider all states, only those that are reachable and that satisfy the condition of the last instruction.

But even then, the state space is too big.

Wait, maybe we can reduce the state space. Notice that the two hands are on a circle and the minimal moves between two points is fixed. Also, the relative positions matter.

But the problem is that the blocking condition depends on the absolute positions.

Alternatively, we can use a state representation that is only the positions of the two hands, and use BFS for each instruction. But with N=3000, the state space is 9e6, and we have 3000 instructions, so 27e9 states, which is too slow.

We need a more efficient method.

Let me think about the problem differently.

We are required to have a sequence of states (l0, r0), (l1, r1), ... (lQ, rQ) such that (l0, r0) = (1,2) and for each i, if the i-th instruction is (H_i, T_i), then if H_i is 'L', l_i = T_i, and if 'R', r_i = T_i.

The cost is the sum of the distances moved by each hand.

Each move is one operation, so moving a hand from a to b is |a-b| in the shortest direction (circular distance).

But the constraint is that during a move, the destination must not be the other hand's current position.

But note: after a move, the two hands swap their "blocking" status.

This is a complex constraint.

But note: the minimal moves for a hand to go from a to b is fixed (the circular distance), but the path might be blocked by the other hand. However, we can move the other hand out of the way.

But the minimal total moves might be the sum of the minimal moves for each hand to reach its target from the initial state, minus any overlapping moves? Not exactly.

Wait, consider two hands moving independently on a circle. The minimal moves for each hand is the circular distance. But if the two hands need to pass each other, then they must move in a way that they don't collide. In a circle, two tokens can pass each other by moving in opposite directions.

But note: the constraint is not about colliding (being at the same position) but about blocking a move: you cannot move to a position that is currently occupied by the other hand.

So, if the two hands are adjacent, then you cannot move one hand into the other hand's position, but you can move the other hand away.

This is similar to the two-token problem on a circle where tokens cannot occupy the same cell.

But we are not required to avoid collisions in the final state, only during moves.

So, the minimal total moves is the sum of the minimal moves for each hand to reach its target, provided that we can interleave the moves so that no move is blocked.

But sometimes, we cannot avoid blocking, and we have to move one hand out of the way first, which adds extra moves.

This is a classic problem in motion planning.

But note: the problem says that any instructions are achievable.

I recall a similar problem: two robots on a circle, moving one at a time, and we need to reach a set of goals. The minimal moves is the sum of the individual moves, but sometimes you have to move one robot away to let the other pass, which adds extra moves.

But in a circle, the minimal moves for two tokens to swap positions is 2*(min distance) because they have to move around the circle.

Wait, no. In a linear path, two tokens swapping positions require them to move past each other, which requires extra moves if they cannot occupy the same cell during the move.

But in a circle, it's more complex.

Alternatively, we can consider that the two hands are moving independently, and the only constraint is that during a move, the destination is not occupied by the other hand.

So, the minimal moves for a hand to go from A to B is the circular distance, but if the other hand is in the way, we have to move it out of the way, which might add extra moves.

But note: we can move the other hand arbitrarily (as long as the blocking condition is satisfied). So, the minimal moves for the system is the sum of the moves of each hand, but if the two hands are moving towards each other, they might block each other and require detours.

This is getting too abstract.

Let me try to find a pattern by solving small cases.

Case 1: N=3, Q=1, instruction: R 3.
Initial state: (1,2)
We need to move the right hand from 2 to 3. The minimal moves: 1 (2->3). But during this move, the left hand is at 1, so 3 is free. So, total moves: 1.

Case 2: N=3, Q=1, instruction: R 1.
Right hand from 2 to 1: the minimal moves is 1 (2->1). But initially, the left hand is at 1. So, we cannot move the right hand to 1 because it is occupied by the left hand. So, we must move the left hand first. The left hand can move to 3 (from 1 to 3: but wait, the left hand is at 1, and the right hand is at 2. To move the left hand to 3, we have to go from 1 to 3. The adjacent moves are: from 1, the left hand can go to 3 (since the right hand is at 2, and 3 is free). So, move left hand to 3 (1 move). Then, move the right hand from 2 to 1 (1 move). Total moves: 2.

So, for N=3, instruction R 1: 2 moves.

Case 3: N=3, two instructions: first R 3, then R 1.

After the first instruction, the state is (1,3). Then, the second instruction: move the right hand from 3 to 1. The minimal moves for the right hand is 1 (3->1). But during this move, the left hand is at 1, so we cannot move the right hand to 1. So, we must move the left hand first. The left hand is at 1, so it can move to 2 (because the right hand is at 3, so 2 is free). Then, move the right hand from 3 to 1 (now the left hand is at 2, so 1 is free). Total moves for the second instruction: 2.

But wait, the first instruction required 1 move, the second instruction required 2 moves, total 3.

Alternatively, after the first instruction (R 3), the state is (1,3). Then, for the second instruction, we can move the left hand first (from 1 to 2) and then the right hand from 3 to 1. That's 2 moves for the second instruction.

But is there a way to do the second instruction with fewer than 2 moves? No, because the direct move is blocked.

So, the minimal total moves is 1 (first instruction) + 2 (second instruction) = 3.

Now, let's try to generalize.

For a given instruction (H, T), the minimal moves required to move the required hand to T, given the current state (l, r), is:

1. If the required hand is already at T, then 0.
2. Else, if the required hand's current position and T are such that the direct path is not blocked by the other hand, then the minimal moves is the circular distance between the current position and T.
3. Otherwise, we have to move the other hand away first, and then move the required hand.

But what is "direct path blocked"? The direct path is blocked if the other hand is at T or if the required hand is at T and the other hand is at the required hand's current position? Actually, the blocking condition is only for the destination: you cannot move to a position that is currently occupied by the other hand.

So, to move the required hand from A to T, the destination T must be free (not occupied by the other hand). If T is occupied by the other hand, then we must move the other hand away from T first.

But note: the other hand might not be at T initially, but during the move, the other hand might be moved.

But for the minimal moves, we can consider:

- If the required hand is not at T, then we must move it to T. But if the other hand is at T, then we cannot move the required hand directly to T. So, we must first move the other hand away from T.

But how many moves does it take to move the other hand away from T?

The other hand is at position B. We need to move it to a position that is not T. The minimal moves for the other hand to move away from T is 1 (move to an adjacent position that is not T). Then, we can move the required hand from A to T.

But wait, what if the other hand is not at T initially, but the required hand's path is blocked by the other hand? Actually, the blocking condition is only for the destination. So, if the required hand's current position is A and target is T, and the other hand is at B, then the only blocking is if B == T. If B != T, then the required hand can move directly to T (if the circular distance is the minimal path).

But what if the other hand is in the way of the required hand's path? For example, the required hand wants to move from A to T, and there is an obstacle (the other hand) in between? Actually, no, because the other hand is just a token that occupies a cell. The required hand can move around the other hand if necessary, but that would increase the moves.

Wait, no. The required hand can move in either direction along the circle. The minimal moves is the minimal circular distance, which is the minimum of the two directions. But if the other hand is in one of the directions, does that matter? Actually, no, because the other hand is not blocking the path permanently; it is just a cell that cannot be occupied during a move. But the required hand can move in the other direction if the direct path is blocked.

But wait, the blocking condition is only for the destination cell. So, the required hand can move through cells that are occupied by the other hand, as long as the destination cell is free. But no, the move is to an adjacent cell, and the adjacent cell must be free. So, the required hand cannot move to a cell that is currently occupied by the other hand, but it can move to a cell that is free, even if the other hand is adjacent.

But the other hand is a token that moves independently. So, the required hand can move in a direction that does not involve the other hand's cell.

But if the other hand is between the required hand and the target, then the required hand can go around the other hand.

For example, if the required hand is at 1, the target is 4, and the other hand is at 2 (for N=6). Then, the direct path (1->2->3->4) is blocked because the other hand is at 2. But the required hand can go the other way: 1->6->5->4, which is 3 moves. But the minimal circular distance from 1 to 4 is min(3, 3) = 3. So, it doesn't matter.

But wait, in this case, the other hand is at 2, which is in the direct path. But the required hand can still move in the other direction because the blocking condition is only for the destination cell, not for the intermediate cells.

So, the minimal moves for the required hand is the circular distance, regardless of the other hand's position, as long as the destination cell is free.

But wait, if the destination cell is not free, then we have to move the other hand away first.

So, the algorithm for one instruction is:

1. Let the current state be (l, r).
2. Let H be the hand specified by the instruction, and T be the target.
3. If the required hand is already at T, then no moves are needed.
4. Else, if the other hand is not at T (so the destination is free), then the minimal moves for this instruction is the circular distance between the required hand's current position and T.
5. Else (the other hand is at T), then we cannot move the required hand directly. We must move the other hand away from T first.

But how many moves to move the other hand away? The other hand is at T. We need to move it to a position that is not T. The minimal moves for the other hand to leave T is 1 (move to an adjacent cell). But note: the adjacent cells might be occupied by the required hand? No, because the required hand is not at T (we are in the else branch). So, the other hand is at T, and the required hand is not at T. So, the adjacent cells to T are free (because the required hand is not at T). So, the other hand can move to one of the two adjacent cells (say, A or B). Then, the required hand can move to T.

But wait, after moving the other hand away, the required hand can move directly to T. So, the total moves for the instruction is 1 (to move the other hand away) + the circular distance from the required hand's current position to T.

But is that always the minimal?

Let me test with the sample N=3, instruction R 1 when the state is (1,2) initially.

In this case, the instruction is R 1. The required hand (right) is at 2, target is 1. The other hand (left) is at 1. So, the destination (1) is occupied by the other hand. So, we must move the other hand away first.

Move the left hand from 1 to 2? But 2 is occupied by the right hand. Wait, no, the other hand is the left hand. In this case, the required hand is R (right), so the other hand is L (left). We need to move the other hand (L) away from 1. The adjacent cells to 1 are 2 and 3 (for N=3). But initially, the right hand is at 2, so we cannot move the left hand to 2. We can move the left hand to 3 (1->3). Then, the right hand can move from 2 to 1 (now the left hand is at 3, so 1 is free). So, total moves: 2.

But according to the above, the minimal moves for the other hand to leave T (1) is 1 (moving to 3), and then the required hand moves 1 step (from 2 to 1). So, 2 moves. Correct.

But what if the other hand is at T, and the required hand's path is blocked by the other hand's position even after moving the other hand? No, because after moving the other hand away, the destination T is free, and the required hand can move directly.

So, the algorithm for one instruction is:

Let current state be (l, r)
Instruction: (H, T)

if H == 'L':
    if l == T:
        moves = 0
    else:
        if r == T:  # the other hand is at T, so destination is blocked
            # First, move the other hand (R) away from T (r = T)
            # The other hand is at T, so we move it to one of the two adjacent positions.
            # But which one? We don't care, because we are counting minimal moves.
            # The minimal moves to move the other hand away is 1 (to an adjacent cell that is not occupied by the required hand? Actually, the required hand is not at T, but the required hand might be adjacent to T, so we have to choose the direction that doesn't conflict with the required hand's future moves? Actually, for minimal moves, we only care about getting out of T in one move.

            # But note: after moving the other hand away, the required hand can move directly to T.

            # However, we also have to consider that the other hand might be blocked from moving. But initially, the other hand is at T, and the required hand is not at T. The other hand's adjacent cells might be occupied by the required hand? No, because the required hand is not at T, but it might be at an adjacent cell.

            # Example: N=3, state (l, r) = (2,1) and instruction L 1. But wait, if the instruction is L 1, then the required hand is L, which is at 2, and the target is 1. The other hand (R) is at 1. So, we must move R away. The adjacent cells to 1 are 2 and 3. But 2 is occupied by the required hand (L), so we cannot move R to 2. We must move R to 3. Then, the required hand can move from 2 to 1. So, moves: 1 (for R) + 1 (for L) = 2.

            # So, the minimal moves for the other hand to leave T is 1, but sometimes we have to choose a specific direction (the one that is not occupied by the required hand). But wait, the required hand is at 2, and T is 1. The adjacent cells to 1 are 2 and 3. We cannot move to 2 because the required hand is there. So, we must move to 3.

            # But the other hand is at 1, and the required hand is at 2. The required hand is adjacent to 1. So, the other hand has only one choice: move to 3.

            # So, the minimal moves for the other hand to leave T is 1, and then the required hand moves from 2 to 1 (1 move). Total 2.

            # But what if the required hand is not adjacent to T? For example, N=6, state (l, r) = (1,4) and instruction L 5. The required hand is at 1, target is 5. The other hand is at 4. The destination 5 is free (other hand is at 4, not 5). So, we don't need to move the other hand first. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 1 to 5 is min(|1-5|, 6-|1-5|) = min(4, 2) = 2.

            # But wait, in this case, the other hand is at 4, and the left hand is moving from 1 to 5. The path is not blocked because the destination is free.

            # So, the algorithm for one instruction:

            if r == T:
                # Move the other hand (R) away from T (4). The adjacent cells to 4 are 3 and 5. But 5 is the target for the left hand, but the other hand is moving first, so we can move to 3 or 5? But 5 is the target for the left hand, but we are not there yet. But after moving the other hand, the left hand will move to 5. So, can we move the other hand to 5? No, because then the left hand cannot move to 5 because the other hand would be there. So, we must move the other hand to 3.

                # But wait, the other hand is at 4, and the left hand is at 1. We need to move the other hand to 3. Then, the left hand can move from 1 to 6 (if N=6, then 1 is adjacent to 6) and then to 5. Or from 1 to 2, then to 3, then to 4, then to 5. But that's not minimal.

                # Actually, the minimal moves for the left hand to go from 1 to 5 is 2 (the other direction: 1->6->5). But if the other hand is at 4, then when the left hand moves from 1 to 6, the destination 6 is free (other hand is at 4). Then from 6 to 5, the destination 5 is free (other hand is at 4). So, no need to move the other hand.

                # But wait, in the initial state (1,4), the instruction is L 5. The other hand is at 4, which is not 5, so the destination is free. So, we don't need to move the other hand. The minimal moves for the left hand is 2.

                # So, the condition for moving the other hand first is only if the other hand is at T (the target). In this example, the other hand is at 4, and T is 5, so the condition r == T is false. So, we don't move the other hand.

            # So, the algorithm is:

            if H == 'L':
                if l == T:
                    moves = 0
                else:
                    if r == T:
                        # Move the other hand (R) away from T (1 move) and then move the left hand from its current position to T (circular distance).
                        moves_other = 1
                        # But wait, the other hand might be blocked from moving? For example, if the other hand is at T, and its adjacent cells are occupied by the required hand? The required hand is not at T, but it might be adjacent.

                        # In the example above (N=3, state (2,1) and instruction L 1): the other hand is at 1, and the required hand is at 2. The other hand is adjacent to the required hand. So, after moving the other hand, the required hand can move.

                        # But what if the required hand is blocking both adjacent cells of T? For example, T is 1, and the required hand is at 2 and 3. But in a circle, T has two adjacent cells. If the required hand is at both adjacent cells, then the other hand is at T and cannot move? But then the required hand cannot move either.

                        # But the problem states that any instructions are achievable, so such a state should not occur because we are following the instructions in order.

                        # So, we assume that there is always a way to move.

                        moves_required = circular_distance(l, T, N)
                        moves = moves_other + moves_required
                    else:
                        moves_required = circular_distance(l, T, N)
                        moves = moves_required
            else: # H == 'R'
                if r == T:
                    if l == T:
                        moves = 0
                    else:
                        if l == T:
                            # This is the same as above, but for R.
                            moves_other = 1
                            moves_required = circular_distance(r, T, N)
                            moves = moves_other + moves_required
                        else:
                            moves_required = circular_distance(r, T, N)
                            moves = moves_required

But wait, there's a mistake. In the case where H is 'L' and r == T (the other hand is at the target), we move the other hand away (1 move) and then move the left hand from its current position to T. The current position of the left hand is not changed by the other hand's move. But what if the other hand's move is blocked? 

Wait, when moving the other hand (R) from T, we need to move it to an adjacent cell. That adjacent cell might be occupied by the left hand? 

Example: N=3, state (l, r) = (2,1) and instruction L 1. We need to move the other hand (R) from 1 to a cell that is not 1. The adjacent cells are 2 and 3. But 2 is occupied by the left hand (l=2). So, we cannot move the other hand to 2. We must move it to 3. 

But in this case, the move of the other hand is not blocked by the left hand because the left hand is at 2, which is one adjacent cell of 1. The other adjacent cell is 3, which is free. So, we move the other hand to 3 (1 move). Then, the left hand can move from 2 to 1 (1 move). Total 2.

But what if the required hand is blocking both adjacent cells of T? 

Example: N=3, state (l, r) = (1,2) and instruction R 3. 
Wait, initially, the state is (1,2). The instruction is R 3. The required hand (R) is at 2, target is 3. The other hand (L) is at 1, which is not 3, so we don't need to move the other hand. The minimal moves for the right hand to go from 2 to 3 is 1.

But now, consider a different state: N=3, state (l, r) = (3,2) and instruction R 1.

The required hand (R) is at 2, target is 1. The other hand (L) is at 3, which is not 1. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the right hand to go from 2 to 1 is 1. So, total moves 1.

But what if the state is (2,2)? That state is not possible initially and probably not reachable because the two hands cannot be at the same part. The problem states that initially they are at 1 and 2, and moves are only to adjacent parts that are not occupied by the other hand. So, the state (2,2) is invalid.

Another example: N=4, state (l, r) = (2,3) and instruction L 1.

The required hand (L) is at 2, target is 1. The other hand (R) is at 3, which is not 1. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 2 to 1: the circular distance is min(|2-1|, 4-|2-1|) = min(1,3)=1. But wait, from 2, the left hand can move to 1 or 3. But 3 is occupied by the other hand? No, the other hand is at 3, so you cannot move to 3. But the destination 1 is free (other hand is at 3). So, the left hand can move from 2 to 1 in 1 move.

But what if the other hand is at the target? 

Example: N=4, state (l, r) = (2,1) and instruction L 3.

The required hand (L) is at 2, target is 3. The other hand (R) is at 1, which is not 3. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 2 to 3: the circular distance is min(|2-3|, 4-|2-3|)=min(1,3)=1. But to move from 2 to 3, the destination 3 is free (other hand is at 1), so it's allowed. So, 1 move.

But what if the other hand is at the target and the required hand's path is blocked by the other hand's position even after moving the other hand? 

Example: N=4, state (l, r) = (3,4) and instruction L 1.

The required hand (L) is at 3, target is 1. The other hand (R) is at 4, which is not 1. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 3 to 1: the circular distance is min(|3-1|, 4-|3-1|)=min(2,2)=2. But there are two paths: 3->2->1 or 3->4->1. But the other hand is at 4, so the path 3->4->1 is blocked because the destination 1 is free, but the move from 3 to 4 is blocked by the other hand? 

Wait, the move from 3 to 4: the other hand is at 4. So, you cannot move the left hand to 4 because the other hand is there. So, the left hand cannot use the path 3->4->1. 

But the other path 3->2->1: the destination 2 and 1 are free (other hand is at 4). So, the left hand can move from 3 to 2 (destination 2 is free) and then from 2 to 1 (destination 1 is free). So, 2 moves.

So, the minimal moves is 2, which is the circular distance.

But the circular distance is 2, and the direct move is blocked because the other hand is at the adjacent cell (4) in one direction. But the other direction is available.

So, the minimal moves is the circular distance, and the blocking condition only applies for the destination cell. The intermediate cells can be occupied by the other hand? No, because the other hand is not moving during the required hand's moves. The only constraint is that the destination cell is free.

So, the algorithm for one instruction is:

1. If the required hand is already at T, 0 moves.
2. Else, if the other hand is at T, then we must move the other hand away (1 move) and then move the required hand from its current position to T (circular distance). But note: after moving the other hand away, the required hand's path might be blocked by the other hand's new position? 

Wait, no. The other hand's new position is adjacent to T. But the required hand is moving from its current position to T. The blocking condition only applies for the destination cell of the required hand. So, after moving the other hand away, the destination T is free, and the required hand can move directly.

But the other hand's new position might be in the way of the required hand's path? 

Example: N=4, state (l, r) = (1,2) and instruction L 4.

The required hand (L) is at 1, target is 4. The other hand (R) is at 2, which is not 4. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 1 to 4: the circular distance is min(|1-4|, 4-|1-4|)=min(3,1)=1. But wait, the left hand at 1 can move to 2 or 4. But 2 is occupied by the other hand, so we cannot move to 2. We can move to 4 (because the other hand is at 2, not 4). So, 1 move.

But what if the other hand is at 4 initially? Then, we must move the other hand away first (1 move) and then move the left hand from 1 to 4 (circular distance 1). Total 2 moves.

But what if the other hand is at 3 initially? Then, the left hand can move from 1 to 4 directly (if 4 is free) or not? The other hand is at 3, so 4 is free. The minimal moves is 1.

But what if the other hand is at 4 initially and the required hand's current position is 2? 

Example: N=4, state (l, r) = (2,4) and instruction L 1.

The required hand (L) is at 2, target is 1. The other hand (R) is at 4, which is not 1. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand to go from 2 to 1: the circular distance is min(|2-1|, 4-|2-1|)=min(1,3)=1. But to move from 2 to 1, the destination 1 is free (other hand is at 4), so it's allowed. So, 1 move.

But what if the other hand is at 1 initially? Then, we must move the other hand away first (1 move) and then move the left hand from 2 to 1 (1 move). Total 2 moves.

So, the algorithm seems to be:

For each instruction (H, T):
  if (H == 'L' and l == T) or (H == 'R' and r == T):
      cost += 0
  else:
      if (H == 'L' and r == T) or (H == 'R' and l == T):
          # The other hand is at T, so we must move the other hand away (1 move) and then move the required hand.
          cost += 1  # for moving the other hand away
          # But note: after moving the other hand away, the required hand's current position is still the same. However, the other hand's move might change the blocking for the required hand's move.
          # But the required hand's move: the destination T is now free, so the minimal moves for the required hand is the circular distance from its current position to T.
          if H == 'L':
              additional_cost = circular_distance(l, T, N)
          else:
              additional_cost = circular_distance(r, T, N)
          cost += additional_cost
      else:
          # The other hand is not at T, so the destination is free.
          if H == 'L':
              additional_cost = circular_distance(l, T, N)
          else:
              additional_cost = circular_distance(r, T, N)
          cost += additional_cost

But wait, in the case where the other hand is not at T, do we always use the circular distance? Yes, because the destination is free.

But let me test with the sample instructions.

Sample Input 1: N=6, instructions: R 4, L 5, R 5.

Initial state: (1,2)

First instruction: R 4.
  H='R', r=2, T=4. 
  Condition: r==4? No.
  Then, since the other hand (L) is not at 4, we use the circular distance for the right hand: from 2 to 4. The circular distance is min(|2-4|, 6-|2-4|)=min(2,4)=2. So, cost +=2.

State becomes (1,4) [but wait, we moved the right hand from 2 to 4, so the state after the first instruction is (1,4)].

Second instruction: L 5.
  H='L', l=1, T=5.
  Condition: l==5? No.
  Then, check if the other hand (R) is at 5? No (R is at 4). So, we use the circular distance for the left hand: from 1 to 5. min(|1-5|, 6-|1-5|)=min(4,2)=2. So, cost +=2.

State becomes (5,4).

Third instruction: R 5.
  H='R', r=4, T=5.
  Condition: r==5? No.
  Then, check if the other hand (L) is at 5? Yes (l=5). So, we must move the other hand away (1 move) and then move the right hand from 4 to 5.

  Move the other hand (L) away from 5. The other hand is at 5. The adjacent cells are 4 and 6. But 4 is occupied by the right hand? No, the right hand is at 4, but the other hand is the left hand. The blocking condition for moving the other hand is that the destination must not be occupied by the required hand (which is R). The required hand is at 4. So, we cannot move the left hand to 4. We can move it to 6.

  So, move the left hand from 5 to 6 (1 move). Then, the right hand can move from 4 to 5 (1 move). So, total for this instruction: 2.

  According to the algorithm: 
      cost += 1 (for moving the other hand away)
      additional_cost = circular_distance(4,5,6) = min(|4-5|,6-|4-5|)=min(1,5)=1.
      total for this instruction: 1+1=2.

  So, the total cost is 2+2+2=6.

This matches the sample.

Another sample: Sample Input 2: 100 2 L 1 R 2. 
  Initial state: (1,2)
  First instruction: L 1 -> already true, cost 0.
  Second instruction: R 2 -> already true, cost 0.
  Total 0.

Another sample: Sample Input 3: 30 8 ... 

But to be sure, let me try the N=3 example: state (1,2), instruction R 1.

  H='R', r=2, T=1.
  Condition: r==1? No.
  Then, check if the other hand (L) is at 1? Yes (l=1). So, we must move the other hand away (1 move) and then move the right hand from 2 to 1.

  Move the other hand (L) from 1: adjacent cells are 2 and 3. But 2 is occupied by the right hand (required hand), so we cannot move to 2. We must move to 3 (1 move). Then, move the right hand from 2 to 1 (1 move). Total 2.

  Algorithm: 
      cost += 1
      additional_cost = circular_distance(2,1,3)=min(|2-1|,3-|2-1|)=min(1,2)=1.
      total for instruction: 2.

  Correct.

But wait, the circular_distance function for N=3 from 2 to 1 is min(1,2)=1. But the move from 2 to 1 is allowed because the other hand is not at 1 at the time of the required hand's move? 

After moving the other hand to 3, the state is (3,2). Then, the right hand at 2 can move to 1 because the left hand is at 3, not 1. So, yes.

Now, let me implement the circular distance function.

The circular distance between a and b on a circle of size N is min(|a-b|, N-|a-b|).

But note: the positions are 1-indexed. We can convert to 0-indexed for easier calculation.

But in the code, we can do:

def circular_distance(a, b, N):
    # a and b are 1-indexed
    d = abs(a - b)
    return min(d, N - d)

But wait, for a=2, b=1, N=3: d=1, min(1,2)=1. Correct.

But what if a and b are the same? Then d=0, and N-d = N, so min(0, N)=0. Correct.

Now, the state after each instruction is updated.

But note: in the algorithm above, after processing an instruction, the state is updated to the new positions.

But in the case where we move the other hand away, the state after the other hand's move is not explicitly defined. But we are only concerned with the total moves, not the exact state for the next instruction.

But wait, we need to know the state for the next instruction. In the algorithm above, we only update the state for the required hand's move. But in the case where we move the other hand away, we must update the state.

But in the algorithm above, we only account for the moves, but not the final state. 

Actually, for the next instruction, we need to know the final state. 

In the algorithm above, for the case where we move the other hand away and then the required hand, the final state is:
  (l_new, r_new) for H='L': 
      if we moved the other hand (R) away, then the left hand moves from its current position to T, and the right hand is moved to an adjacent cell (not T and not the left hand's new position).

But the problem is that the other hand's move is not uniquely defined. We have to choose the adjacent cell that is not occupied by the required hand at the time of the other hand's move.

But note: the other hand is moving first. At the time of the other hand's move, the required hand is at its current position (not moved yet). So, the other hand can move to any adjacent cell that is not occupied by the required hand.

After that, the required hand moves.

So, to fully define the state for the next instruction, we need to know the new positions.

But for the purpose of the next instruction, we only need the final positions of both hands.

However, the blocking condition for the next instruction depends on the final state.

But the algorithm above only computes the cost, not the state.

So, we must also update the state.

But the problem asks for the minimal total number of operations, not the state. However, the state is needed to compute the next instruction's cost.

So, we must keep track of the state.

But the state space is N*N, which is 9e6, and Q is 3000, so 3000 * 9e6 = 27e9 states, which is too slow in Python.

But note: the problem constraints are up to 3000 instructions and 3000 parts, and we cannot iterate over all states.

But wait, the above algorithm for each instruction only considers the current state and the instruction, and then decides the cost and the next state.

But the state is updated as follows:

For an instruction (H, T):

Case 1: The required hand is already at T. Then, no moves, state remains (l, r).

Case 2: The other hand is at T. Then, we move the other hand first (to an adjacent cell that is not T and not occupied by the required hand at the time of the move). Then, we move the required hand from its current position to T.

But note: the other hand's move is not uniquely defined, but the minimal moves is 1, and the required hand's move is the circular distance.

But the next state is:
  (new_l, new_r) = 
      if H == 'L': 
          the left hand moves from its current position to T, and the right hand moves from T to either (T-1) or (T+1) (mod N), but not to the left hand's new position? 

Actually, no. The other hand's move is independent: it can move to any adjacent cell that is not occupied by the required hand at the time of the move.

But at the time of the other hand's move, the required hand is at its initial position (not moved yet). So, the other hand can move to any adjacent cell that is not the required hand's current position.

Then, the required hand moves from its initial position to T.

But the required hand's move might be blocked by the other hand's new position? 

Wait, no. The blocking condition for the required hand's move is that the destination T must not be occupied by the other hand. But we moved the other hand away from T, so T is free. However, the required hand's path might be blocked by the other hand's new position? 

The problem allows moving through cells that are occupied by the other hand, as long as the destination is free. But the move is to an adjacent cell. So, the required hand can only move to an adjacent cell that is free. 

But in the other hand's move, we moved the other hand away from T. The required hand's current position is not changed by the other hand's move. So, the required hand can move in either direction, as long as the destination is free.

But the other hand's new position might be in the way? 

Example: N=4, state (l, r) = (3,4) and instruction L 1.

We are in the case where the other hand is not at 1, so we don't move the other hand first. But let's say we have a different example: state (l, r) = (1,4) and instruction L 3.

The required hand (L) is at 1, target is 3. The other hand (R) is at 4, which is not 3. So, the destination is free. The minimal moves for the left hand is min(|1-3|,4-|1-3|)=min(2,2)=2. The path: 1->2->3 or 1->4->3. But 4 is occupied by the other hand, so the path 1->4->3 is blocked at the first move: you cannot move from 1 to 4 because the other hand is there. So, the only path is 1->2->3. 

But wait, the other hand is at 4, so the move from 1 to 4 is blocked, but the move from 1 to 2 is allowed (destination 2 is free). Then, from 2 to 3: the other hand is at 4, so 3 is free. So, the minimal moves is 2.

But the circular distance is 2, and the move is allowed.

So, the algorithm for one instruction does not need to know the exact path, only the minimal moves.

But to update the state, we need to know the exact new positions.

However, the problem only asks for the total number of moves, not the state. But to compute the next instruction's cost, we need the state.

So, we must keep track of the state.

But the state space is N*N, and Q is up to 3000, so we cannot iterate over all states.

But note: the initial state is (1,2). The instructions are given, and we need to follow them in order.

But the state is updated after each instruction.

But the state is not arbitrary: it is determined by the sequence of moves.

However, the minimal moves for each instruction might depend on the state.

But the state space is 9e6, and Q is 3000, so the total states we might visit is 3000 * 9e6, which is 27e9, which is too slow.

But wait, the problem says that N, Q <= 3000, and the state is two positions, so 3000*3000=9e6 states per instruction, and 3000 instructions, so 27e9 states. This is too many for Python.

But the problem also says that any instructions are achievable, and we need to find the minimal total moves.

There must be a more efficient way.

Let me think: is there a way to compute the minimal moves for each instruction without knowing the exact state, only the current positions?

Yes, because the cost for each instruction only depends on the current state and the instruction.

But the state is the two positions.

But we cannot avoid storing the state.

But 9e6 states per instruction is too many.

Alternatively, we can use dynamic programming with memoization, but the state space is too large.

Another idea: the minimal moves for each instruction is independent of the path, only depends on the current positions and the instruction.

But the state is two positions, and the transitions are defined by the minimal moves.

But the minimal moves for an instruction is defined by the current state and the instruction.

But the state space is 9e6, and we have 3000 instructions, so 27e9 states, which is too slow.

But note: the problem constraints might be too high for a full state DP.

But the problem says N, Q up to 3000, and the state space is N*N, which is 9e6, and Q is 3000, so 27e9 states. In C++ this might be borderline with a good implementation, but in Python, it's too slow.

But the problem is from a programming competition, and the intended solution might be more efficient.

Let me try to find a pattern or a more efficient way.

Observation: the two hands are on a circle, and the minimal moves for each instruction is the circular distance (or circular distance plus one if blocked) for the required hand, and sometimes an extra move for the other hand.

But the state is the two positions. However, the only thing that matters for the next instruction is the positions of the two hands.

But maybe we can reduce the state space by noting that the relative positions matter more than the absolute positions.

But the blocking condition depends on the absolute positions.

Another observation: the minimal moves for a hand to move from A to B is fixed (the circular distance), and the only additional cost is 1 if the other hand is at the target.

But the state is the two positions, and we need to know if the other hand is at the target for the next instruction.

But the state is two positions, and the cost for the next instruction is determined by the current state.

But the state space is still 9e6.

But 9e6 states per instruction, and 3000 instructions, is 27e9, which is too slow in Python.

But perhaps the intended solution is to use a different approach.

Wait, maybe we can compute the minimal moves for the entire sequence without tracking the state explicitly.

But the instructions are sequential and each depends on the previous state.

Another idea: the minimal total moves is the sum over instructions of the cost for that instruction, where the cost for the instruction is computed based on the previous state.

But the previous state is determined by the previous instructions.

But the previous state is not stored, so we must store it.

But storing the state for each instruction would require 9e6 * 3000 = 27e9 states, which is too many.

Unless we can find that many states are not visited.

But the state space is 9e6, and we have 3000 instructions, and the robot can visit any state, so we cannot prune.

But the problem says that any instructions are achievable, but the minimal moves might be achieved by a specific path.

Given the complexity, I think the intended solution might be to use a different approach.

Let me think: the minimal moves for each instruction is either the circular distance (if the other hand is not at the target) or circular distance + 1 (if the other hand is at the target).

But is that always true?

In the example above, when the other hand is at the target, we do 1 + circular_distance.

But what if the other hand is not at the target, but the required hand's move is blocked by the other hand's position? 

Wait, no. The blocking condition is only for the destination cell. The required hand can move as long as the destination is free.

But the other hand's position might be in the way, but that doesn't block the move if the destination is free.

So, the cost for an instruction is:

  if the required hand is at T: 0
  elif the other hand is at T: 1 + circular_distance(current_required_hand, T)
  else: circular_distance(current_required_hand, T)

But wait, in the example of N=4, state (1,4), instruction L 3: 
  required hand is at 1, target is 3.
  other hand is at 4, not 3.
  circular_distance(1,3,4)=min(2,2)=2.

But the actual minimal moves is 2, as calculated.

Now, is there a case where the other hand is not at T, but the required hand's move is blocked by the other hand's position? 

No, because the only blocking is if the destination is occupied. The other hand's position does not block intermediate cells.

So, the cost for an instruction is as above.

But then, the state update is:

  if required hand is at T: state unchanged.
  elif other hand is at T: 
        move the other hand to a free adjacent cell (which takes 1 move)
        then move the required hand from its current position to T (circular_distance moves)
        total moves: 1 + circular_distance

  else:
        move the required hand from its current position to T (circular_distance moves)

And the state after the instruction is:

  if required hand is at T: state unchanged.
  elif other hand is at T: 
        the other hand is moved to a free adjacent cell (not the required hand's current position and not T)
        the required hand is moved to T.

But note: the other hand's move is not specified, but the minimal moves is 1, and the state is updated accordingly.

But the exact new state might affect the next instruction's cost.

But the cost for the next instruction only depends on whether the other hand is at the target or not.

So, we can compute the cost for each instruction independently if we know the current state.

But the current state is the result of the previous instruction.

So, we must keep track of the state.

But the state is two integers in the range [1, N], so 3000*3000=9e6 states.

And we have 3000 instructions, so we need to do 3000 * 9e6 = 27e9 iterations, which is too slow in Python.

But maybe the state space can be reduced.

Notice that the two hands are always on the circle, and the initial state is (1,2). The instructions are given.

But the minimal moves might be computed without iterating over all states.

Alternatively, we can use a BFS or Dijkstra for the entire state space for each instruction, but that is still 9e6 states per instruction.

But 3000 * 9e6 = 27e0 is too many.

However, the problem constraints might be intended for a compiled language, but in Python, we need a more efficient approach.

But wait, the problem says N, Q up to 3000, and 3000*3000=9e6 states per instruction, and 3000 instructions, so 27e9 states. In C++, 27e9 states might be borderline, but in Python, it's too slow.

But the problem is from a programming competition, so there must be a more efficient solution.

Let me try to find a pattern.

Observation: the minimal moves for each instruction is determined solely by the current positions and the instruction.

But the current positions are two integers.

But the minimal moves for the required hand to reach T is the circular distance, unless the other hand is at T.

But the other hand's position is given.

So, the cost for an instruction is:

  cost = 0
  if required_hand == T:
      # state unchanged
  elif other_hand == T:
      cost = 1 + circular_distance(required_hand, T)
      # update the other hand's position to a free adjacent cell
      # update the required_hand's position to T
  else:
      cost = circular_distance(required_hand, T)
      # update the required_hand's position to T

But the state update is necessary for the next instruction.

But the circular_distance function is O(1).

The main issue is the state update.

But the state is two integers, and the number of states is 9e6.

But we have 3000 instructions, and the state space is 9e6, so we need to simulate 3000 * 9e6 = 27e9 states, which is too slow.

But note: the state transitions are deterministic given the instruction.

But we are not asked for the state, only the total cost.

But the cost depends on the state.

However, the minimal cost to follow the entire sequence is the sum of the costs for each instruction, and the state is updated accordingly.

But the state update is necessary because the next instruction's cost depends on the state.

So, we must simulate the state.

But 27e9 is too many.

Unless we can find that the state space is not fully connected or that the instructions force a unique path.

But the minimal moves might not be unique, but the cost is.

Given the time, I think the intended solution might be to use a different approach that doesn't iterate over all states.

But I cannot see an alternative.

Perhaps the problem can be solved by a greedy approach: for each instruction, compute the minimal cost based on the current state, and update the state.

But the state is still needed.

Another idea: the minimal moves for the entire sequence is the sum of the minimal moves for each instruction, and the minimal moves for each instruction is independent of the state? 

No, because the blocking condition depends on the state.

But wait, is there a way to compute the minimal moves for each instruction without knowing the state, only the initial state and the sequence of instructions?

No, because the state changes.

Given the complexity, I think we must use dynamic programming with state (l, r) and instruction index.

But the state space is 9e6 * 3000 = 27e9, which is too slow in Python.

But maybe we can use memoization and only compute states that are reachable.

But the number of reachable states is still 9e6, and we have 3000 instructions.

Alternatively, we can use a BFS for each instruction, but that is the same.

Another idea: the minimal cost for an instruction is fixed given the current state, and the state is updated in a deterministic way. But the state space is too large.

Given the constraints, maybe the intended solution is to use a mathematical formulation.

But I cannot see it.

Perhaps the minimal total moves is the sum of the circular distances for each hand's movement, plus the number of times the other hand is at the target.

But the other hand's position is also moving.

Let me define:

Let L_i be the position of the left hand after the i-th instruction.
Let R_i be the position of the right hand after the i-th instruction.

Then, the cost for the i-th instruction is:
  if instruction i is for L and L_i == T_i: 0
  elif instruction i is for L and R_i == T_i: 1 + circular_distance(L_{i-1}, T_i)
  else if instruction i is for L: circular_distance(L_{i-1}, T_i)

But L_i and R_i are updated.

But the initial state is (1,2).

And the instructions are given.

But the state is updated after each instruction.

But the circular_distance for the required hand is from its position before the instruction to T_i.

So, the total cost is the sum over i of the cost for the i-th instruction.

And the state is updated accordingly.

But to compute the cost for the i-th instruction, we need the state from the (i-1)-th instruction.

So, we must know the state after each instruction.

But the state is two integers.

The only way is to simulate.

But 3000 * 9e6 is 27e9, which is too slow in Python.

But perhaps we can optimize by noting that the state space is a circle and the moves are symmetric.

Or maybe we can use the fact that the minimal moves for each hand's journey can be computed independently, but the blocking conditions add extra moves.

But I think we are stuck.

However, the sample inputs are small, so we can try to run the simulation for the sample inputs.

For the first sample: N=6, instructions: R 4, L 5, R 5.

We can simulate:

  state = (1,2)
  instruction1: R 4
      required_hand='R', current_r=2, T=4.
      other_hand='L' at 1, which is not 4.
      cost1 = circular_distance(2,4,6)=2.
      update state: move R from 2 to 4. state becomes (1,4).

  instruction2: L 5
      required_hand='L', current_l=1, T=5.
      other_hand='R' at 4, which is not 5.
      cost2 = circular_distance(1,5,6)=2.
      state becomes (5,4).

  instruction3: R 5
      required_hand='R', current_r=4, T=5.
      other_hand='L' at 5, which is T.
      cost3 = 1 + circular_distance(4,5,6)=1+1=2.
      state becomes (5, (move R from 4: adjacent cells are 3 and 5. But 5 is occupied by L, so we move to 3. Then move R to 5. But wait, the state update should be: after moving the other hand (L) away, then move the required hand (R) to 5.

      But the other hand is L, so we move L first: from 5 to either 4 or 6. But 4 is occupied by R? No, R is at 4 initially for this instruction? 

      Let me re-read: the state before instruction3 is (5,4). 
      We need to move the other hand (L) away from 5? But the other hand is L, which is at 5. But the instruction is for R to be at 5.

      The other hand is L, which is at 5 (the target). So, we move the other hand (L) away from 5. The adjacent cells are 4 and 6. But 4 is occupied by R (the required hand) at the time of the other hand's move? 

      The other hand's move: at the time of the move, the required hand (R) is at 4. So, we cannot move L to 4. We can move L to 6.

      Then, move R from 4 to 5 (1 move).

      So, the state after instruction3 is (6,5).

      But the next instruction (if any) would use this state.

  Total cost = 2+2+2=6.

  But the sample output is 6.

  The state update for instruction3: 
      Initially: (5,4)
      Move L from 5 to 6 (1 move)
      Then, move R from 4 to 5 (1 move)
      So, the new state is (6,5).

But the algorithm above for the cost is correct.

Now, the challenge is to implement the state update.

For the other hand's move (when the other hand is at T), we need to choose an adjacent cell that is not occupied by the required hand.

But the required hand's position is its current position (before the move).

So, for a given state (l, r) and instruction (H, T), if the other hand is at T, then:

  if H == 'L': 
        other_hand is R, which is at T.
        required_hand is L, which is at some position A.
        The other hand (R) must move to an adjacent cell that is not A.
        There are two adjacent cells: (T-1) and (T+1) (mod N).
        Choose one that is not A.
        If both are A, then there's a problem, but N>=3 and the two hands are distinct, so at least one adjacent cell is not A.

  if H == 'R':
        similarly.

But the state update for the required hand is straightforward: move it from its current position to T.

But the required hand's move might be blocked by the other hand's new position? 

No, because we moved the other hand first, and the required hand's move is from its original position to T, and T is now free (since we moved the other hand away).

But the required hand's path might be blocked by the other hand's new position? 

The blocking condition is only for the destination cell. The required hand can move through cells that are occupied by the other hand, as long as the destination is free.

But the move is to an adjacent cell. So, the required hand can only move to an adjacent cell that is free.

But after moving the other hand, the required hand's adjacent cells might be occupied by the other hand's new position.

But that doesn't matter for the required hand's move to T, as long as the destination T is free.

But the required hand's move is from its original position to T. The other hand's new position is not T (we moved the other hand away from T), so T is free.

But the required hand's move might be blocked if the destination T is not adjacent to its current position? 

No, the required hand's move is from its current position to T, and the minimal moves is the circular distance, which is the number of moves, but the actual moves are along the circle.

But the blocking condition for the required hand's move is only for the destination cell. The intermediate cells can be occupied.

But the move is one step at a time.

But the other hand's new position might be in the way, but that doesn't block the required hand's move as long as the destination is free.

So, the required hand can move from its current position to T in the minimal circular distance, even if the other hand's new position is in the way.

But wait, the move is to an adjacent cell. So, if the required hand is at A and T is not adjacent to A, then it must move through intermediate cells.

But the blocking condition for the required hand's move is only for the destination cell. The intermediate cells can be occupied.

So, the required hand can move from A to T in the minimal circular distance, provided that the destination T is free.

Therefore, the state update for the required hand's move is simply moving it from its current position to T in the minimal circular distance, and the other hand's move is 1 move.

So, the implementation:

We'll maintain two variables: left and right (the positions).

For each instruction (H, T):

  if H == 'L':
      if left == T:
          cost += 0
          # state unchanged
      elif right == T:
          cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
          # move the right hand away from T
          # There are two choices for the right hand's new position: (T-1) and (T+1) (mod N)
          # But we must choose one that is not left.
          # If both (T-1) and (T+1) are left, then it's impossible, but N>=3 and left != T (because if left==T, we would have taken the first branch), so at least one is not left.
          # Let's define a function to get the new right position:

          # But note: the right hand is moving from T to an adjacent cell that is not left.
          # There are two adjacent cells: (T-1) and (T+1). We choose one that is not left.

          # But which one to choose? It doesn't matter for the cost, but it matters for the state.

          # We can choose arbitrarily. Let's choose the one that is not left.

          # But the problem is that the next instruction's cost might depend on the state.

          # However, the minimal cost for the next instruction is still determined by the same rule, so we can choose arbitrarily.

          # Let's choose the first one that is not left.

          # But note: the positions are 1-indexed, and we are on a circle.

          # We can do:

          candidates = [ (T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1 ]
          # But we need to adjust for 1-indexed.

          # Alternatively, we can use a function to get adjacent positions.

          # But we must ensure that the new position is not left.

          # Since there are two choices, and at least one is not left, we can do:

          new_right = None
          for candidate in [ (T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1 ]:
              if candidate != left:
                  new_right = candidate
                  break
          right = new_right
          left = T
      else:
          cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T

  if H == 'R':
      if right == T:
          cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N)
          candidates = [ (T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1 ]
          new_left = None
          for candidate in candidates:
              if candidate != right:
                  new_left = candidate
                  break
          left = new_left
          right = T
      else:
          cost += circular_distance(right, T, N)
          right = T

But wait, in the 'R' branch, the other hand is L, and we move the other hand (L) away from T.

But in the 'R' branch, the other hand is L, so we need to move L away.

But in the code above, for H=='R', the other hand is L, so we move L (left) away.

But the code for the 'R' branch is similar to the 'L' branch.

But let me test with the sample instruction3: N=6, state (5,4), instruction R 5.

  H='R', right=4, T=5.
  Condition: right==5? No.
  Then, check if left==5? Yes (left=5).
  So, cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N) -> but wait, the required hand is R, so the other hand is L, which is at 5.

  In the code above, for H=='R', we use:

      if right == T: 
          ...
      elif left == T:  # this is the condition we are in
          cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N)   # Here, circular_distance(right, T, N) is circular_distance(4,5,6)=1.

  Then, we move the other hand (L) away from T=5.

  The other hand (L) is at 5. Adjacent cells are 4 and 6.

  We must choose a candidate that is not right (which is 4). So, 4 is occupied by the required hand (R) at the time of the move? 

  But the required hand is R, which is at 4. So, we cannot move L to 4. We move L to 6.

  Then, we set left = 6, and right = T=5.

  But the code above for the 'R' branch does:

      new_left = None
      for candidate in [4,6]:  # because (5-1)=4, (5+1)=6
          if candidate != right:  # right is 4
              new_left = candidate  # candidate=6 is not 4, so new_left=6.
      left = new_left  # left becomes 6
      right = T        # right becomes 5

  So, state becomes (6,5).

  But the cost is 1+1=2.

  Correct.

But in the 'R' branch, the circular_distance should be for the required hand's current position (right) to T.

  circular_distance(right, T, N) = circular_distance(4,5,6)=1.

  And the other hand's move is 1, so total 2.

  But in the 'L' branch, we did circular_distance for the required hand's current position.

  So, the code is correct.

Now, the only thing is to implement the circular_distance function.

But note: the positions are 1-indexed, and N is given.

We can define:

def circular_distance(a, b, N):
    a0 = a % N
    b0 = b % N
    if a0 == 0: a0 = N
    if b0 == 0: b0 = N
    d = abs(a0 - b0)
    return min(d, N - d)

But since a and b are between 1 and N, we can do:

def circular_distance(a, b, N):
    d = abs(a - b)
    return min(d, N - d)

But wait, if a=1, b=2, N=3: d=1, min(1,2)=1. Correct.

But if a=1, b=3, N=3: d=2, min(2,1)=1. Correct.

But if a=2, b=3, N=3: d=1, min(1,2)=1. Correct.

But if a=1, b=1, N=3: d=0, min(0,3)=0. Correct.

So, the function is correct.

Now, the code:

We'll read N, Q.
Then, for each instruction, do the above.

But note: the state is updated as we go.

We'll initialize:
  left = 1
  right = 2
  total_cost = 0

Then, for each instruction (H, T):

  if H == 'L':
      if left == T:
          # do nothing
      elif right == T:
          # move the other hand (right) away from T
          candidates = [(T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1]
          # But we must choose a candidate that is not left.
          new_right = None
          for cand in candidates:
              if cand != left:
                  new_right = cand
                  break
          right = new_right
          total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T
      else:
          total_cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T

  Similarly for 'R'.

But wait, in the 'R' branch, the other hand is left, so we move left away.

But the condition is: if the other hand (left) is at T, then we move left away.

But in the 'R' branch, the other hand is left, so the condition is `if left == T`.

But the code above for 'R' branch is:

  if right == T:
      ...
  elif left == T:
      ...

But we must be careful: the condition for the 'R' branch is based on the other hand (left) being at T.

But the code structure is symmetric.

But let me write it clearly.

Alternatively, we can write a unified approach:

  if H == 'L':
      if left == T:
          # do nothing
      else:
          if right == T:
              # move other hand (right) away
              # then move left to T
          else:
              # move left to T

  if H == 'R':
      if right == T:
          # do nothing
      else:
          if left == T:
              # move other hand (left) away
              # then move right to T
          else:
              # move right to T

But the code for 'R' is the same as 'L' but with 'L' and 'R' swapped.

To avoid code duplication, we can do:

  if H == 'L':
      if left == T:
          continue
      elif right == T:
          # move other hand (right) away
          new_right = None
          candidates = [(T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1]
          for cand in candidates:
              if cand != left:
                  new_right = cand
                  break
          right = new_right
          total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T
      else:
          total_cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T

  if H == 'R':
      if right == T:
          continue
      elif left == T:
          new_left = None
          candidates = [(T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1]
          for cand in candidates:
              if cand != right:
                  new_left = cand
                  break
          left = new_left
          total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N)
          right = T
      else:
          total_cost += circular_distance(right, T, N)
          right = T

But wait, in the 'R' branch, the condition is `elif left == T`, and then we move the other hand (left) away.

But note: the other hand for 'R' is 'L'.

This is correct.

Let me test with the sample instruction3: 
  state: (5,4) for (left, right)
  instruction: 'R', T=5.
  condition: right==5? No.
  then, left==5? Yes.
  so, move left (other hand) away: 
        candidates = [4,6] (for T=5)
        choose one not equal to right (which is 4) -> 6.
        left = 6.
        total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N) = 1 + circular_distance(4,5,6)=1+1=2.
        right = T=5.
  state becomes (6,5).

  Then, the next instruction would use this state.

But the sample has no next instruction.

Now, the only issue is the circular_distance function for 1-indexed.

But the circular_distance function defined as:

def circular_distance(a, b, N):
    d = abs(a - b)
    return min(d, N - d)

This works for 1-indexed because the circle is modulo N, but the positions are 1-indexed.

But let me test with a=4, b=5, N=6: d=1, min(1,5)=1. Correct.

But if a=5, b=4, N=6: d=1, min(1,5)=1. Correct.

But if a=1, b=6, N=6: d=5, min(5,1)=1. Correct.

But if a=2, b=5, N=6: d=3, min(3,3)=3. Correct.

Now, the code:

We'll read the input.

Note: the input T_i is an integer between 1 and N.

We'll do:

  import sys

  data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
  if not data: 
      print(0)
      exit(0)

  N, Q = map(int, data[0].split())
  instructions = []
  for i in range(1, 1+Q):
      parts = data[i].split()
      if len(parts) < 2:
          continue
      H = parts[0]
      T = int(parts[1])
      instructions.append((H, T))

  left = 1
  right = 2
  total_cost = 0

  def circular_distance(a, b, N):
      d = abs(a - b)
      return min(d, N - d)

  for (H, T) in instructions:
      if H == 'L':
          if left == T:
              # do nothing
              pass
          elif right == T:
              candidates = [(T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1]
              new_right = None
              for cand in candidates:
                  if cand != left:
                      new_right = cand
                      break
              right = new_right
              total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
              left = T
          else:
              total_cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
              left = T
      else:  # H == 'R'
          if right == T:
              # do nothing
              pass
          elif left == T:
              candidates = [(T-1) % N + 1, (T+1) % N + 1]
              new_left = None
              for cand in candidates:
                  if cand != right:
                      new_left = cand
                      break
              left = new_left
              total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N)
              right = T
          else:
              total_cost += circular_distance(right, T, N)
              right = T

  print(total_cost)

Let me test with the provided examples.

Example 1: N=6, instructions: ['R 4', 'L 5', 'R 5'] -> 6.

Example 2: N=100, instructions: ['L 1', 'R 2'] -> 0.

Example 3: N=30, instructions: [ ... ] -> 58.

But I don't have the intermediate states for example 3.

But the code should work.

However, the modulo operation in the candidates might be off.

For T=1, (T-1) % N + 1 = (0) % N + 1 = 0+1=1, and (T+1)%N+1 = 2.

But if T=1, then candidates are [1,2]. But if the required hand is not 1, then we move the other hand from 1 to either 1 or 2? 

But wait, the other hand is moving from T=1, and the adjacent cells are 1 and 2? 

No, for a circle of N parts, the adjacent cells of 1 are 2 and N.

But in the code, (T-1) % N + 1: for T=1, (0)%N+1=1, which is not correct.

We should use:

  candidates = []
  # For a circle, the adjacent cells to T are (T-1) and (T+1), but we must wrap around.

  But in 1-indexed, the adjacent cells to 1 are N and 2.

  So, we can do:

  candidates = [T-1, T+1]

  But then, for T=1, T-1=0, which is not valid.

  So, we must adjust for the circle.

  The correct way is:

  candidates = []
  if T-1 >= 1:
      candidates.append(T-1)
  else:
      candidates.append(N)

  if T+1 <= N:
      candidates.append(T+1)
  else:
      candidates.append(1)

  But wait, T+1 might be N+1, which should be 1.

  Alternatively, we can use modulo arithmetic with 1-indexed.

  We can do:

  candidates = []
  # previous cell: (T-1) if T>1 else N
  # next cell: (T+1) if T<N else 1

  But the code currently does (T-1) % N + 1 and (T+1) % N + 1.

  Let me test for T=1, N=6:

      (1-1) % 6 + 1 = 0 % 6 + 1 = 0+1=1.
      (1+1) % 6 + 1 = 2 % 6 + 1 = 2+1=3.

  But the adjacent cells to 1 should be 6 and 2.

  So, the current code for candidates is wrong.

  We need to compute the adjacent cells properly.

  For a circle of N parts, the adjacent cells to T are:

      left_adj = T-1 if T>1 else N
      right_adj = T+1 if T<N else 1

  But then, we must ensure that these are between 1 and N.

  So, we can do:

  left_adj = T-1
  if left_adj < 1:
      left_adj = N
  right_adj = T+1
  if right_adj > N:
      right_adj = 1

  Then, candidates = [left_adj, right_adj]

  But then, for T=1, left_adj=0 -> then set to N=6, right_adj=2.

  For T=6, left_adj=5, right_adj=7 -> set to 1.

  This is correct.

  So, we should replace the candidate calculation.

  In the code, we are currently doing (T-1) % N + 1 and (T+1) % N + 1.

  But modulo arithmetic for 1-indexed is tricky.

  Alternatively, we can do:

  candidates = []
  candidates.append(T-1 if T-1>=1 else N)
  candidates.append(T+1 if T+1<=N else 1)

  But the current code uses (T-1) % N + 1, which for T=1, N=6: (0)%6=0, +1=1. But 1 is not the adjacent cell (should be 6). 

  So, the current candidate calculation is incorrect.

  Let me fix the candidate calculation.

  We'll change the candidate calculation to:

  candidates = []
  # previous cell
  if T == 1:
      prev = N
  else:
      prev = T-1
  # next cell
  if T == N:
      nxt = 1
  else:
      nxt = T+1
  candidates = [prev, nxt]

  Then, use these candidates.

  But note: the other hand is moving from T to an adjacent cell, so the candidates are the two adjacent cells.

  Let me test for T=1, N=6: candidates = [6,2]. Correct.

  For T=2, N=6: candidates = [1,3]. Correct.

  For T=6, N=6: candidates = [5,1]. Correct.

  So, we'll change the code accordingly.

  In the 'L' branch:

      elif right == T:
          # move other hand (right) away from T
          if T == 1:
              candidates = [N, 2]
          else:
              candidates = [T-1, T+1]
          # But wait, for T!=1 and T!=N, we use [T-1, T+1], but for T==N, we should use [N-1, 1].

          # Actually, the above if-else only handles T==1. For T==N, we need to handle separately.

          # Better to do:

          candidates = []
          if T == 1:
              candidates.append(N)
              candidates.append(2)
          elif T == N:
              candidates.append(N-1)
              candidates.append(1)
          else:
              candidates.append(T-1)
              candidates.append(T+1)

  But this is not elegant.

  Alternatively, we can do:

  candidates = []
  if T > 1:
      candidates.append(T-1)
  else:
      candidates.append(N)
  if T < N:
      candidates.append(T+1)
  else:
      candidates.append(1)

  This will work for T=1 and T=N.

  Let me test for T=1: 
      T>1? No, so append N.
      T<N? If N>1, then yes, append 2.
  For T=6, N=6:
      T>1: yes, append 5.
      T<N? No (6<6 is false), so append 1.

  So, we can do:

  candidates = []
  if T > 1:
      candidates.append(T-1)
  else:
      candidates.append(N)
  if T < N:
      candidates.append(T+1)
  else:
      candidates.append(1)

  Then, choose a candidate that is not the required hand's current position.

  But note: the required hand's current position is the one not specified by H.

  In the 'L' branch, the required hand is L, and we are moving the other hand (R). The required hand's current position is `left` (which is not T, because if it were T, we would have taken the first branch).

  So, the code for candidates becomes:

  if H == 'L':
      if left == T:
          pass
      elif right == T:
          candidates = []
          if T > 1:
              candidates.append(T-1)
          else:
              candidates.append(N)
          if T < N:
              candidates.append(T+1)
          else:
              candidates.append(1)
          new_right = None
          for cand in candidates:
              if cand != left:
                  new_right = cand
                  break
          right = new_right
          total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T
      else:
          total_cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
          left = T

  Similarly for 'R'.

  Let me test with the sample instruction3: 
      state: (5,4), instruction 'R 5'
      H='R', T=5.
      Condition: right==5? No.
      then, left==5? Yes.
      So, in the 'R' branch, move left (other hand) away from 5.

      candidates = []
      T=5, N=6.
        5>1 -> True, so append 4.
        5<6 -> True, so append 6.
      candidates = [4,6]

      Then, choose a candidate not equal to right (which is 4) -> 6.

      So, left = 6, and then move right to 5.

      total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(4,5,6)=1+1=2.

  Correct.

  But what if the candidate list has two candidates and both are equal to the required hand's position? 

  Example: N=3, state (l, r) = (2,1), instruction L 1.

  Here, the required hand is L at 2, target is 1. The other hand (R) is at 1.

  So, condition: other hand is at T (1), so we move the other hand (R) away from 1.

  candidates for T=1, N=3:
      T>1? No, so append 3.
      T<3? Yes, so append 2.
      candidates = [3,2]

  Now, the required hand (L) is at 2. So, we must choose a candidate not equal to 2 -> 3.

  Then, move R from 1 to 3.

  Then, move L from 2 to 1.

  total_cost = 1 + circular_distance(2,1,3)=1+1=2.

  Correct.

  But what if both candidates are equal to the required hand's position? 

  Example: N=3, state (l, r) = (2,1), instruction L 3.

  Wait, instruction L 3: 
      required hand is L at 2, target is 3.
      other hand is R at 1, which is not 3.
      so, not the case.

  Another example: N=3, state (l, r) = (2,2) — but this state is invalid because the two hands cannot be at the same part.

  Given the problem's constraints, the state should always have l != r.

  And the other hand is moving from T, and the required hand's position is not T (because if it were, we would have taken the first branch).

  And the other hand's adjacent cells are two. Since the required hand is not at T, and the two hands are distinct, at least one adjacent cell is not the required hand's position.

  So, we are safe.

  Now, the final code:

  We'll use the corrected candidate calculation.

  Note: The circular_distance function is for 1-indexed and works.

  Let me run the provided examples.

  Example 1: N=6, instructions: R 4, L 5, R 5.

  Example 2: N=100, instructions: L 1, R 2 -> 0.

  Example 3: N=30, instructions: [ ... ] -> 58.

  We'll submit and hope.

  But note: the problem Sample Input 3 is provided, but I don't have the exact intermediate steps.

  But the code should be correct.

  Let me test with the provided examples.

  Example 1:

  N=6, Q=3, instructions: ['R 4', 'L 5', 'R 5']

  Initially: left=1, right=2.

  First instruction: 'R 4'
      H='R', T=4.
      Condition: right==4? No.
      Then, left==4? No.
      So, move right from 2 to 4: circular_distance(2,4,6)=2.
      state: left=1, right=4.

  Second instruction: 'L 5'
      H='L', T=5.
      Condition: left==5? No.
      Then, right==5? No.
      So, move left from 1 to 5: circular_distance(1,5,6)=min(4,2)=2.
      state: left=5, right=4.

  Third instruction: 'R 5'
      H='R', T=5.
      Condition: right==5? No.
      Then, left==5? Yes.
      So, move left (other hand) away from 5.
          T=5, N=6.
          candidates: 5>1 -> 4, 5<6 -> 6. So [4,6].
          current right=4, so we cannot move left to 4. Move left to 6.
          Then, move right from 4 to 5: circular_distance(4,5,6)=1.
          total_cost for this instruction: 1+1=2.

      state: left=6, right=5.

  Total_cost=2+2+2=6.

  Correct.

  Example 2:

  N=100, instructions: ['L 1', 'R 2']

  Initially: left=1, right=2.

  First instruction: 'L 1'
      left==1 -> True, cost=0, state unchanged.

  Second instruction: 'R 2'
      right==2 -> True, cost=0.

  Total_cost=0.

  Example 3: 
      Input: 30 8
              R 23
              R 26
              R 29
              L 20
              R 29
              R 19
              L 7
              L 16

      Expected output: 58.

  Let me compute manually the first few:

  Initially: left=1, right=2.

  Instruction1: R 23
      Move right from 2 to 23.
      circular_distance(2,23,30)=min(21,9)=9.
      state: (1,23)

  Instruction2: R 26
      Move right from 23 to 26.
      circular_distance(23,26,30)=min(3,27)=3.
      state: (1,26)

  Instruction3: R 29
      Move right from 26 to 29.
      circular_distance(26,29,30)=min(3,27)=3.
      state: (1,29)

  Instruction4: L 20
      Move left from 1 to 20.
      circular_distance(1,20,30)=min(19,11)=11.
      state: (20,29)

  Instruction5: R 29
      Already at 29, so 0.
      state: (20,29)

  Instruction6: R 19
      Move right from 29 to 19.
      circular_distance(29,19,30)=min(10,20)=10.
      state: (20,19)

  Instruction7: L 7
      Move left from 20 to 7.
      circular_distance(20,7,30)=min(13,17)=13.
      state: (7,19)

  Instruction8: L 16
      Move left from 7 to 16.
      circular_distance(7,16,30)=min(9,21)=9.

  Total_cost = 9+3+3+11+0+10+13+9 = 58.

  But wait, in instruction7: 
      State before: (20,19)
      Instruction7: L 7.
      Condition: left==7? No.
      Then, check if right==7? No.
      So, move left from 20 to 7: circular_distance(20,7,30)=min(13,17)=13.

  And instruction8: 
      State before: (7,19)
      Instruction8: L 16.
      Condition: left==16? No.
      Then, check if right==16? No.
      So, move left from 7 to 16: circular_distance(7,16,30)=min(9,21)=9.

  Total=9+3+3+11+0+10+13+9=58.

  But in the code, for instruction6: 
      Instruction6: R 19.
      State before: (20,29)
      Condition: right==19? No.
      Then, check if left==19? No.
      So, move right from 29 to 19: circular_distance(29,19,30)=min(10,20)=10.

  Correct.

  But wait, the code for instruction6 is 'R 19', and the state before is (20,29). 

  In the code, for 'R', we do:

      if right == T: continue
      elif left == T: 
          ... 
      else:
          cost += circular_distance(right, T, N)

  Here, right=29, T=19. So, else branch.

  But the state update: right = T=19.

  But is that correct? 

  The minimal moves for the right hand to go from 29 to 19 is 10 (either 29->28->...->19 or the other way). 

  But the code does not consider blocking by the other hand during the move.

  But the blocking condition is only for the destination cell. 

  In this move, the other hand is at 20. The destination 19 is free (20 != 19). 

  But the path might be blocked? 

  The move is from 29 to 19. The other hand is at 20. 

  The minimal path might be 29->28->27->...->19, which is 10 steps. 

  But the other hand is at 20, which is not in the way if we go the long way? 

  But the required hand (right) is moving from 29 to 19. The other hand is at 20. 

  The blocking condition is only for the destination cell. So, the move is allowed.

  So, the code is correct.

  But wait, the move might be blocked if the other hand is in the way? 

  No, the problem allows moving through cells that are occupied by the other hand, as long as the destination is free.

  But the move is to an adjacent cell. So, the required hand moves one step at a time, and at each step, the destination must be free.

  In the move from 29 to 19, if we go the long way (counterclockwise), the cells from 29 to 30 to 1 to 2 ... to 19. 

  The other hand is at 20. 

  When the right hand moves from 29 to 30, the destination 30 is free (left hand is at 20). 

  Then, from 30 to 1: destination 1 is free (left hand is at 20). 

  Then, from 1 to 2: free. ...

  So, no blocking.

  But the minimal moves is 10, which is the circular distance.

  So, the code is correct.

  Therefore, the final code is as below.

  Note: We must use the corrected candidate calculation.

  Let me write the code accordingly.

  We'll use:

  if T > 1:
      candidates.append(T-1)
  else:
      candidates.append(N)

  if T < N:
      candidates.append(T+1)
  else:
      candidates.append(1)

  And then choose a candidate not equal to the required hand's current position.

  We'll now write the final code.

  Note: The problem says N>=3.

  Let's code accordingly.

  We'll also add a function for circular_distance.

  The final code:

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine the minimum number of operations required to follow a sequence of instructions on a circular ring where two hands are initially holding parts 1 and 2. Each operation allows moving one hand to an adjacent part, provided the destination is not occupied by the other hand. The goal is to process each instruction in order, ensuring the specified hand reaches the target part with the least number of moves.

### Approach
1. **Initialization**: Start with the left hand at part 1 and the right hand at part 2.
2. **Instruction Processing**: For each instruction:
   - **Check Current Position**: If the specified hand is already at the target part, no moves are needed.
   - **Blocked Destination**: If the other hand is at the target part, move it away first (1 move), then move the specified hand to the target (using circular distance).
   - **Free Destination**: If the target part is free, move the specified hand directly to the target using the circular distance (minimum steps in either direction around the ring).
3. **State Update**: After each move, update the positions of the hands to reflect the new state.
4. **Circular Distance Calculation**: The circular distance between two parts on a ring of size N is the minimum of the clockwise and counter-clockwise steps between them.

### Solution Code
```python
import sys

def main():
    data = sys.stdin.read().splitlines()
    if not data:
        print(0)
        return

    parts = data[0].split()
    N = int(parts[0])
    Q = int(parts[1])
    instructions = []
    for i in range(1, Q + 1):
        line = data[i].split()
        if len(line) < 2:
            continue
        H = line[0]
        T = int(line[1])
        instructions.append((H, T))
        
    left = 1
    right = 2
    total_cost = 0

    def circular_distance(a, b, N):
        d = abs(a - b)
        return min(d, N - d)
        
    for (H, T) in instructions:
        if H == 'L':
            if left == T:
                continue
            elif right == T:
                candidates = []
                if T > 1:
                    candidates.append(T - 1)
                else:
                    candidates.append(N)
                if T < N:
                    candidates.append(T + 1)
                else:
                    candidates.append(1)
                new_right = None
                for cand in candidates:
                    if cand != left:
                        new_right = cand
                        break
                right = new_right
                total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(left, T, N)
                left = T
            else:
                total_cost += circular_distance(left, T, N)
                left = T
        else:
            if right == T:
                continue
            elif left == T:
                candidates = []
                if T > 1:
                    candidates.append(T - 1)
                else:
                    candidates.append(N)
                if T < N:
                    candidates.append(T + 1)
                else:
                    candidates.append(1)
                new_left = None
                for cand in candidates:
                    if cand != right:
                        new_left = cand
                        break
                left = new_left
                total_cost += 1 + circular_distance(right, T, N)
                right = T
            else:
                total_cost += circular_distance(right, T, N)
                right = T
                
    print(total_cost)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Initialization**: The initial positions of the left and right hands are set to 1 and 2, respectively. The total cost starts at 0.
2. **Circular Distance**: The function `circular_distance` calculates the minimum steps required to move from part `a` to part `b` on a ring of size `N`.
3. **Instruction Processing**:
   - For each instruction, check if the specified hand is already at the target. If yes, skip further processing for this instruction.
   - If the other hand is at the target, move it to an adjacent free part (1 move), then move the specified hand to the target (circular distance moves).
   - If the target is free, move the specified hand directly to the target using circular distance.
4. **State Update**: After processing each instruction, update the positions of the hands to their new locations.
5. **Output**: The total cost, which accumulates the moves from all instructions, is printed at the end.

This approach efficiently processes each instruction by leveraging the circular nature of the ring and dynamically updating the hand positions to minimize the total operations.