=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
qwen

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a simple undirected graph with N vertices and M edges, with vertices labeled 1 to N and edges labeled 1 to M. The i-th edge connects vertices U_i and V_i. Initially, G does not contain an odd cycle.
Takahashi and Aoki will play a game using this graph G. With Aoki going first, they take turns performing the following operation:

- Choose a pair of integers (i,j) with 1 \leq i < j \leq N that satisfies both of the following conditions, then add an edge connecting vertices i and j to G.
- G does not already have an edge connecting vertices i and j.
- Adding an edge connecting vertices i and j does not create an odd cycle.



A player who cannot perform this operation loses, and the other player wins.
Determine who wins when both players play optimally.

What is an odd cycle?
A sequence of vertices (v_0,v_1,\ldots,v_k) of G is called an odd cycle if and only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

- k is odd.
- v_0=v_k.
- For every 1\leq i \leq k, there is an edge connecting v_{i-1} and v_{i}.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
U_1 V_1
U_2 V_2
\vdots
U_M V_M

Output

If Aoki (the first player) wins, print Aoki; otherwise, if Takahashi (the second player) wins, print Takahashi.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N \leq 2\times 10^5
- 0 \leq M \leq 2\times 10^5
- 1 \leq U_i < V_i \leq N
- The given graph does not contain an odd cycle.
- The given graph does not contain multi-edges.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

Sample Output 1

Aoki

If Aoki (the first player) adds the edge (1,4), Takahashi (the second player) cannot move. Thus, Aoki wins.

Sample Input 2

4 2
1 2
3 4

Sample Output 2

Takahashi

No matter how Aoki plays, Takahashi wins.

Sample Input 3

9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

Sample Output 3

Aoki

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commitment-and-closure way.

A productive pattern for this task usually looks like this:
- Use the decisive constraints to narrow to one main candidate fairly early.
- Before full coding, run one compact feasibility screen on complexity, data-structure fit, and the awkward corner cases that could invalidate that candidate.
- If the candidate survives that screen, turn it into concrete code structure promptly: main state, loop order, invariants, and helper layout.
- Keep later reflection attached to the current draft. If a mismatch appears, first try a local repair or a small structural adjustment inside the same approach.
- Revisit the whole design only when a real contradiction appears, not just because another idea is also possible.
- In many cases, once the draft and the quick recheck agree, closing is stronger than continuing to compare nearby alternatives.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- alternating between redesign, knowledge recall, and reconsideration after coding has already started;
- returning from a viable draft to abstract discussion without new evidence;
- letting a local uncertainty grow into a full restart when a smaller patch would do.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>

Okay, so I need to solve this competitive programming problem. Let me try to understand it step by step.

First, the graph is given with N vertices and M edges, and it doesn't have any odd cycles initially. Then, two players, Aoki and Takahashi, take turns adding edges. The rules are that you can only add an edge that doesn't already exist and that doesn't create an odd cycle. Aoki goes first, and the player who cannot move loses.

Hmm, so the game is about adding edges without creating an odd cycle. Since the graph starts without odd cycles, and we're adding edges, I need to figure out the winning strategy.

I remember that a graph without odd cycles is bipartite. Because bipartite graphs can be colored with two colors and have no odd-length cycles. So, the initial graph is bipartite. When we add an edge, we must not create an odd cycle, which means that the graph must remain bipartite. So, the game is about adding edges to a bipartite graph while keeping it bipartite.

Now, in a bipartite graph, edges can only be added between the two partitions (say, partition A and partition B) without violating the bipartiteness. So, the graph remains bipartite if and only if all edges are between the two sets.

But wait, the graph might not be connected. So, we have multiple connected bipartite components? Actually, the problem says the graph is initially without odd cycles, so it's a disjoint union of bipartite graphs. But when we start adding edges, we have to make sure that the entire graph remains bipartite. 

But how do we add edges without creating an odd cycle? Actually, if the graph is bipartite, then the entire graph can be colored with two colors. Let me denote the two colors as 0 and 1. Then, an edge can be added between two vertices if they are in different colors. If they are in the same color, adding an edge would create an odd cycle (a triangle? Wait, no. Actually, if two vertices are in the same color, then the path from one to the other in the bipartite graph must be of even length. Adding an edge between them would create a cycle of odd length? Let me think.

Suppose we have two vertices u and v in the same partition. The shortest path between them is even. Then, adding an edge between u and v creates a cycle of odd length (even + 1). So, yes, that would create an odd cycle.

Therefore, the rule is: we can only add edges between vertices of different colors (i.e., different partitions) that are not already connected.

So, the game is about adding edges between the two partitions, and we cannot add edges within the same partition because that would break the bipartiteness.

But wait, the graph might not be connected. So, we have multiple connected components, each bipartite. Then, the entire graph can be bipartitioned in such a way that all edges are between the two sets. However, the bipartition for each connected component is independent.

But when we add an edge, we have to consider the entire graph's bipartition. Actually, no, because the graph is initially bipartite, and we are adding edges one by one. Each time we add an edge, we must maintain bipartiteness.

But if the graph is disconnected, then the bipartition of one component is independent of another. However, when we add an edge between two different components, we have to assign colors to the two components consistently? Actually, no, because the two components are disconnected, so their bipartitions are independent. But when we add an edge between two vertices from different components, we can set the colors of one component relative to the other.

Wait, actually, the entire graph must remain bipartite. So, we can assign colors arbitrarily to each connected component. However, the problem says the graph is initially without odd cycles, so it's a disjoint union of bipartite graphs. But we don't know the bipartitions for each component. However, when adding an edge between two vertices in different components, we can choose the bipartition for one component relative to the other.

But the problem is that the graph is given, and we are to play optimally. So, the initial graph's bipartition is fixed? Or can we reassign colors arbitrarily?

Wait, the problem says the graph is initially without odd cycles, so it is bipartite. But the bipartition is not necessarily fixed. Actually, for a bipartite graph, the bipartition is unique for each connected component (up to swapping the two sets). So, when we are given a graph, we can compute the bipartition for each connected component.

But when we add an edge between two vertices from different components, we have to assign a color to one component relative to the other. But that doesn't change the existing bipartitions. Actually, no. The existing edges are fixed, and the bipartition for each component is fixed. However, when we add an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component relative to the first, but that might change the bipartition of the second component.

Wait, no. The entire graph must be bipartite. So, if we have two components, say component A and component B, each with their own bipartition (two colors, say color0 and color1). Now, if we add an edge between a vertex u in A and a vertex v in B, then we must have that u and v are in different colors. But the color of u in A is fixed (because the component A's bipartition is fixed). Then, the color of v in B must be the opposite of u's color. But if we have already fixed the bipartition of B, then we might have to flip the entire bipartition of B to make that edge valid.

But wait, the problem doesn't say that the bipartition is fixed. Actually, the condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, we can reassign the bipartition (colors) arbitrarily as long as the graph remains bipartite. But the existing edges are fixed, so the bipartition of each component is fixed up to swapping the two colors.

But when we add an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component (i.e., flip the colors if necessary) to make the edge valid. But then, the entire graph's bipartition is determined by the first component and the choices made for the edges between components.

But the problem is that the players are adding edges, and the graph is being built. So, the bipartition is being maintained by the players' choices.

Wait, actually, the condition for adding an edge is that the graph remains bipartite. So, the bipartition must be maintained. Therefore, the entire graph must be bipartite at every step.

But the initial graph is bipartite. When we add an edge, we can choose the bipartition for the entire graph by flipping the colors of one or more components as needed, but the existing edges must be respected.

But actually, the bipartition of the entire graph is fixed once we fix the bipartitions of all components. However, the players are adding edges and can choose the bipartition of the graph as they go, as long as the existing edges are satisfied.

But the problem doesn't specify that the bipartition is fixed. So, the players can assign the colors arbitrarily, as long as no odd cycle is created.

But then, the game is about adding edges that are between the two sets (in some global bipartition) and that don't already exist.

But wait, the graph is initially given, so we can compute the bipartition for each connected component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of these. But when we add an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component (flip it if necessary) to make the edge valid.

But then, the entire graph's bipartition is determined by the initial bipartitions and the choices made for the cross edges.

But the key is: the graph remains bipartite if and only if we can assign two colors to all vertices such that adjacent vertices have different colors. The initial graph is bipartite, so we have a fixed bipartition for each component. When we add an edge between two components, we can flip the bipartition of one of the components to make the edge between the two vertices valid. However, flipping a component's bipartition might affect the possibility of adding other edges.

But actually, the condition for adding an edge is that the two vertices are in different colors. So, if we have two components, and we want to add an edge between a vertex u in A and a vertex v in B, then we must have that the color of u and v are different. But the color of u is fixed (by the initial bipartition of A). Then, the color of v must be the opposite of u's color. But the initial bipartition of B might have assigned v to a color that is the same as u's color. Then, we can flip the entire bipartition of B (so all vertices in B swap colors) so that v becomes the opposite color. But then, all other edges in B are still between different colors because the bipartition is just swapped.

So, the entire bipartition is fixed by the initial graph and the choices made for the cross edges. But note that when we flip a component, we are effectively changing the bipartition of that component.

But the problem is that the players are adding edges and can choose to flip components as they wish. So, the bipartition is not fixed, but the existing edges must be respected.

But then, the game is about adding edges between the two sets (the two colors) that don't exist, and we can flip the bipartition of a component when we add an edge from that component to another? Actually, no. The flip is not done by the player; the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle, which is equivalent to the two vertices being in different colors. So, if they are in the same color, then we cannot add the edge unless we flip one of the components. But flipping a component is not an operation; it's a reassignment of colors.

Wait, but the problem doesn't specify that the bipartition is fixed. Actually, the condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, we can assign colors arbitrarily at each step? Or is the bipartition fixed by the initial graph?

Actually, the initial graph is fixed, so the bipartition for each connected component is fixed. But when we add an edge between two components, we are allowed to flip the bipartition of one of the components to make the edge valid. But the problem doesn't explicitly say that we can flip, but the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. So, if the two vertices are in the same color, then adding an edge would create an odd cycle (if the path in the graph is of even length, then the cycle would be odd). But wait, if the two components are disconnected, then there is no path between them initially. So, adding an edge between two vertices from different components doesn't create a cycle. But wait, no: the edge itself is a cycle only if we have a cycle, but two vertices from different components are connected by a single edge, which is not a cycle. So, actually, adding an edge between two disconnected components never creates an odd cycle? Then, we can add any edge that is not present, as long as the two vertices are in different connected components? Or wait, no: the graph is bipartite initially, and we are adding edges. But the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite. 

Wait, actually, the graph must remain bipartite. So, if we add an edge between two vertices from different components, then we can assign the two components arbitrarily to the two sets. But wait, no: the entire graph must be bipartite. So, we can assign the two components independently. However, the bipartition of the entire graph is the combination of the bipartitions of the components. But if we add an edge between two components, then the two components must be assigned to the two sets in a consistent way. 

But actually, the bipartition of the entire graph is defined by the colors of the vertices. The initial graph has a bipartition for each component. When we add an edge between two components, we can flip one of the components (so that the two vertices are in different colors) and then the entire graph remains bipartite.

But the players are allowed to do that? The condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, they can flip the bipartition of a component when adding an edge from that component? 

Wait, no. The condition is that the graph must remain bipartite. So, when adding an edge, the two vertices must be in different sets. If they are not, then we can flip one of the components (if we haven't fixed the bipartition for the entire graph). But actually, the bipartition of the entire graph is not fixed until we assign colors to all components.

But the problem is that the initial graph is given, so the bipartition of each component is fixed. However, the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed until we decide how to assign the components relative to each other.

But actually, the bipartition of the entire graph is fixed by the initial graph's bipartition. For each connected component, we have two sets. Then, when we add an edge between two components, we can choose the bipartition of the second component (flip it or not) to make the edge valid.

So, the operation of adding an edge between two components allows us to flip the bipartition of one of the components. 

But then, the game becomes: we have a graph that is initially bipartite, and we can add edges between vertices that are in different colors (in the entire graph's bipartition) and that don't already exist. Additionally, when we add an edge between two components, we can flip the bipartition of one of the components (which affects all future edges from that component).

But wait, the flip operation is not an explicit move; it's implicit in the condition that the edge must not create an odd cycle. So, the move is: choose an edge (i, j) that is not present and such that in the current bipartition, i and j are in different sets. Then, after adding the edge, the bipartition is updated if necessary (i.e., if the two components were from different parts, then we flip one of them to maintain the bipartition).

But actually, the bipartition is maintained by the players: when they add an edge between two components, they are allowed to flip one of the components to make the edge valid. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is updated.

Now, the problem is to determine the winner.

So, the game is played on the complete graph minus the given edges, but with the condition that edges can only be added between vertices of different colors (in the entire graph's bipartition). And the bipartition is maintained by flipping components as needed.

But note: the initial graph is given, so we have a fixed bipartition for each component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of these, and we can flip the bipartition of a component when we add an edge from that component to another.

But actually, the bipartition of the entire graph is not fixed until we fix the bipartitions of all components. However, the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each component. When we add an edge between two components, we can choose which component to flip (if necessary) to make the edge valid.

But the players can choose which component to flip, and that choice will affect the available moves for future edges.

This seems complicated. Maybe we can model the graph as a complete bipartite graph? Or perhaps the game is equivalent to a game on the bipartite graph's missing edges.

Wait, let me think about the bipartite graph. The entire graph is bipartite, so we can assign two colors to the vertices. Then, the edges that can be added are the ones that are missing and are between the two colors.

But the graph is not necessarily complete bipartite. The initial graph has M edges, and we are to add edges that are not present and that are between the two colors.

But the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. However, we can flip entire components arbitrarily (when adding an edge from that component). But wait, flipping a component means that the entire bipartition of that component is reversed. So, the set of edges that can be added from that component changes.

Actually, the game is equivalent to having a graph that is the union of the initial graph and all possible edges between the two sets (the two colors) that are not present. But the two sets are fixed by the initial graph's bipartition? Or can we flip components?

Wait, no. The bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. But when we add an edge between two components, we can flip one of them. So, the bipartition of the entire graph is not fixed until we fix the bipartitions of all components. But the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each component. Then, the bipartition of the entire graph is the combination of the bipartitions of the components, and we can flip the bipartition of a component when we add an edge from that component to another.

But then, the set of edges that are allowed to be added is the set of edges that are between the two colors (as defined by the current bipartition) and that are not present.

But the bipartition of the entire graph is determined by the initial bipartitions and the flips we have done. 

Now, how does flipping a component work? When we flip a component, we reverse the colors of all vertices in that component. Then, the edges that are incident to that component change: edges from that component to other components can now be added if the two vertices are of opposite colors.

But the key is: the game is about adding edges between two vertices that are in different colors (in the current bipartition). The bipartition is maintained by the initial graph and the flips we do.

But note: we can flip a component multiple times? Actually, flipping twice is the same as not flipping. So, we only need to consider whether a component is flipped or not.

Now, the entire graph can be seen as a set of connected components, each with two possible colorings (the two sets). Then, the game is about adding edges between vertices of different colors (in the current coloring) and that are not present. Additionally, when we add an edge between two components, we can flip one of them (which toggles its coloring).

But wait, actually, the condition for adding an edge between two vertices in the same component is already satisfied by the initial bipartition? No, because the initial graph is bipartite, but we can only add edges that are between the two sets. So, even within a component, we can only add edges that are between the two sets and are missing.

But the initial graph is given, so the missing edges in the same component are only allowed if they are between the two sets.

But wait, no. In a bipartite graph, the edges are only between the two sets. So, the initial graph has edges only between the two sets. Then, the missing edges are the ones that are not present but are between the two sets.

But the graph is bipartite, so no edges within a set. So, the allowed edges to add are only between the two sets (of the entire graph) and not present.

But the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph? Or can we flip components arbitrarily? 

Wait, the initial graph is fixed, so the bipartition for each component is fixed. However, when we add an edge between two components, we can flip one of them. So, the bipartition of the entire graph is not fixed until we fix the flips for all components.

But the problem is that the initial graph is given, and the bipartition of each component is fixed. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions. But we can flip one component's bipartition arbitrarily (without affecting the other components) when we add an edge from that component to another.

But then, the set of edges that can be added is the set of edges that are between the two colors (as defined by the current bipartition) and not present.

Now, the game is impartial? Or partisan? Actually, the moves are symmetric for both players, so it is impartial.

But how do we model the game state? 

Each connected component has two states: the two possible colorings. But we can also think of the entire graph as having two sets: the two colors. But wait, the graph is the union of the initial graph and the edges we add. The bipartition is determined by the initial graph and the flips we do.

But note: the initial graph is bipartite, so each component has two sets. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the product of the bipartitions of the components, but with the freedom to flip each component independently.

Actually, the entire graph's bipartition is defined by assigning to each component a choice of coloring (either the original or flipped). Then, the condition for an edge (i, j) is that i and j are in different sets (according to the current assignment) and the edge is not present.

But the initial graph's edges are fixed, so they are already present. The missing edges are the ones that are not present.

Now, the game is about adding edges that are not present and that are between the two sets (as defined by the current bipartition). But the bipartition is defined by the initial graph and the flips we have done.

But the flips are done implicitly when we add an edge between two components. Actually, the rule says: "Adding an edge connecting vertices i and j does not create an odd cycle." This condition is equivalent to: i and j must be in different sets (in the current bipartition). If they are not, then the move is invalid. But wait, no: the condition is that adding the edge does not create an odd cycle. In a bipartite graph, adding an edge within a component that is already connected by a path of even length would create an odd cycle. But if the two vertices are in different components, then there is no path between them, so adding the edge doesn't create a cycle. So, actually, we can add edges between two vertices from different components regardless of their colors, and then we can choose to flip one of the components (if we want) to make the bipartition consistent for future moves? Or is flipping mandatory to maintain the bipartition for the entire graph?

Wait, no. The condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. If we add an edge between two vertices from different components, the graph becomes connected and the bipartition must be maintained. But the bipartition of the entire graph is the combination of the bipartitions of the components. So, if we add an edge between a vertex from component A (which is colored as set0) and a vertex from component B (which is colored as set0), then the edge is between two set0 vertices. Then, the graph is no longer bipartite because we have an edge within the same set. So, that move is invalid.

Therefore, the move is only allowed if the two vertices are in different sets. But the sets are defined by the initial bipartition of each component. However, the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph and the flips we have done.

But wait, the initial graph is given, so the bipartition of each component is fixed. Then, the bipartition of the entire graph is the combination of the components' bipartitions. Then, the condition for adding an edge is that the two vertices are in different sets (according to the entire graph's bipartition) and the edge is not present.

But the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph and the flips we have done. But the flips are done when we add an edge between two components. Actually, no: the bipartition is fixed from the beginning. But then, how can we add an edge between two components that are in the same set? We cannot, because that would create an odd cycle.

Wait, no. The entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. But the initial graph is disconnected. So, the bipartition is defined for each component independently. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the product: each vertex has a color (0 or 1) based on its component's bipartition. Then, two vertices from different components can be in the same color or different.

So, the condition for adding an edge between two vertices from different components is that they are in different colors (in the entire graph's bipartition). But the initial graph's bipartition for each component is fixed, so the colors of the vertices are fixed.

But then, we cannot flip components. The bipartition is fixed from the beginning.

But wait, the problem says the graph is initially without odd cycles, so it is bipartite. Then, the bipartition is fixed. But the graph is disconnected, so the bipartition is defined per component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions. 

So, the set of allowed edges is the set of edges (i, j) such that i and j are in different colors (according to the entire graph's bipartition) and the edge is not present.

But then, the game is simply: the graph is the complete bipartite graph (with parts defined by the entire graph's bipartition) minus the initial edges. Then, the game is about adding edges until no more can be added.

But wait, the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of the complete bipartite graph. Then, the allowed moves are adding edges that are in the complete bipartite graph but not in the initial graph.

But the complete bipartite graph has two parts: let's say part X and part Y. The initial graph has some edges between X and Y. Then, the total number of edges in the complete bipartite graph is |X| * |Y|. So, the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

But is that the case? Actually, no, because the bipartition is defined by the entire graph's bipartition. But the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the bipartitions of the components. 

Wait, no. The entire graph's bipartition is defined by the initial graph. But the initial graph is the given graph, which is bipartite. Then, the bipartition is fixed. But if the graph is disconnected, then the bipartition is defined per component, and the entire graph's bipartition is the union of the components' bipartitions. Then, the two sets X and Y are the union of the two sets from each component.

But then, the complete bipartite graph on the entire graph is the complete bipartite graph with parts X and Y, where X and Y are the two sets of the entire graph's bipartition.

But wait, is that correct? Let me think: if we have two components, each bipartite, and we combine them, then the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the two bipartitions. Then, the two sets are the union of the two sets from each component. Then, the complete bipartite graph on the entire graph would have all edges between X and Y, where X is the union of the two sets from the first component and the two sets from the second component? No, that's not right.

Actually, the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. So, we can compute the two sets (X and Y) for the entire graph by running a BFS/DFS and coloring the graph. But the graph is disconnected, so we can do that.

But wait, the initial graph is given, so we can compute the two sets (the bipartition) for the entire graph. Then, the complete bipartite graph is defined by these two sets. Then, the number of edges in the complete bipartite graph is |X| * |Y|.

Then, the initial graph has M edges, which are a subset of these.

Then, the game is about adding edges to the complete bipartite graph, starting from the initial graph. The number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

But is that the case? Let me check with the sample inputs.

Sample Input 1:
4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4

This is a cycle of 4 vertices. The bipartition is {1,3} and {2,4}. Then, |X| = 2, |Y| = 2, so the complete bipartite graph has 4 edges. The initial graph has 3 edges, so the number of moves is 1. Then, Aoki (first player) adds the last edge and wins. So, output "Aoki".

Sample Input 2:
4 2
1 2
3 4

This is two edges. The graph has two connected components. The bipartition for the first component (vertices 1,2): {1}, {2}. The second component (vertices 3,4): {3}, {4}. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is X = {1,3} and Y = {2,4}. Then, the complete bipartite graph has 2*2=4 edges. The initial graph has 2 edges, so the number of moves is 2. Then, the first player (Aoki) adds one edge, and the second player (Takahashi) adds the last edge. So, Takahashi wins. Output "Takahashi".

But wait, the sample output is "Takahashi". So, that matches.

But wait, in sample input 2, the initial graph has two edges: (1,2) and (3,4). The complete bipartite graph has edges: (1,3), (1,4), (2,3), (2,4). The initial graph has two edges, so two are missing. Then, the game has two moves. Aoki goes first, so he takes one move, then Takahashi takes the last one. So, Takahashi wins.

But wait, the graph initially has two edges, and the complete bipartite graph has four edges, so two moves. So, the first player makes the first move, then the second player makes the last move. So, the second player wins.

But wait, what if the number of moves is odd? Then the first player wins. In sample input 1, the number of moves is 1 (odd) so Aoki wins. In sample input 2, the number of moves is 2 (even) so Takahashi wins.

But wait, sample input 3:

9 5
2 9
2 3
4 6
5 7
1 8

So, N=9, M=5. We need to compute the bipartition of the graph. But the graph is not connected. So, we need to find the connected components and their bipartitions.

But wait, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the bipartitions of the components. But the entire graph's bipartition is defined by the initial graph's edges. So, we can compute the two sets (X and Y) for the entire graph by running a BFS/DFS on the entire graph (which is disconnected) and assigning colors.

But the graph is disconnected, so the bipartition is defined per component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the union of the two sets from each component.

But then, the complete bipartite graph is defined by the entire graph's bipartition. Then, the total number of edges in the complete bipartite graph is |X| * |Y|, where X is the union of all the first set of each component and Y is the union of the second set of each component.

But wait, no. The entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. So, we can run a BFS/DFS on the entire graph and assign colors. But the graph is disconnected, so we can assign colors arbitrarily for each component, but the condition is that the graph remains bipartite.

But the initial graph is bipartite, so we can compute the bipartition for each component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions.

But then, the two sets X and Y are the union of the two sets from each component. Then, the complete bipartite graph has edges between X and Y.

But then, the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

In sample input 3, we have 9 vertices and 5 edges. The graph has 5 edges. We need to compute |X| and |Y|.

But let me draw the graph:

Edges:
2-9, 2-3, 4-6, 5-7, 1-8.

So, the graph has 5 edges, so 5 connections. The vertices are 1 to 9.

The connected components:

Component 1: vertices 1,8 -> edge (1,8). Bipartition: {1}, {8}.
Component 2: vertices 2,3,9 -> edges (2,9), (2,3). Bipartition: {2,9}, {3} (or {3,9}, {2} — wait, let's check: from 2, connected to 9 and 3. Then, 9 and 3 must be in the same set? No, in a bipartite graph, adjacent vertices must be in different sets. So, from 2 (say set0), then 9 and 3 are set1. Then, there is no edge between 9 and 3, so that's fine.

Component 3: vertices 4,6 -> edge (4,6). Bipartition: {4}, {6}.
Component 4: vertices 5,7 -> edge (5,7). Bipartition: {5}, {7}.

Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the union:

Set X: {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9} — wait, no. Actually, the entire graph's bipartition is defined by the initial graph's edges. So, we can compute the two sets by running BFS/DFS.

But the graph is disconnected, so we can assign the bipartition arbitrarily for each component. But the condition is that the entire graph must be bipartite, and the moves are adding edges that are between the two sets (as defined by the entire graph's bipartition).

But wait, the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed until we assign colors to each component. But the problem is that the initial graph is given, so the bipartition for each component is fixed. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions.

But then, the two sets X and Y are:

X = {1} (from component1) ∪ {2,9} (from component2) ∪ {4} (from component3) ∪ {5} (from component4) 
But wait, no. The bipartition for each component is two sets. For component1: set0 = {1}, set1 = {8}. For component2: set0 = {2,9}, set1 = {3}. For component3: set0 = {4}, set1 = {6}. For component4: set0 = {5}, set1 = {7}.

Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination: the two sets are the union of the set0 from all components and the union of the set1 from all components.

But wait, no. The entire graph's bipartition is defined by the colors. We can assign the colors arbitrarily to each component, but the initial graph's edges must be respected. 

Actually, the entire graph's bipartition is not uniquely defined because the components are disconnected. But the condition for adding an edge is that the two vertices are in different sets (according to the entire graph's bipartition). But the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges and the flips we do.

But wait, the problem is that the initial graph is given, so the bipartition for each component is fixed. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the product of the components' bipartitions. Then, the two sets X and Y are:

X = (set0 of component1) ∪ (set0 of component2) ∪ (set0 of component3) ∪ (set0 of component4)
Y = (set1 of component1) ∪ (set1 of component2) ∪ (set1 of component3) ∪ (set1 of component4)

But then, the complete bipartite graph has |X| * |Y| edges.

Let me calculate for sample input 3:

Component1: set0 = {1}, set1 = {8}
Component2: set0 = {2,9}, set1 = {3}
Component3: set0 = {4}, set1 = {6}
Component4: set0 = {5}, set1 = {7}

Then, X = {1, 2, 9, 4, 5} (size 5)
Y = {8, 3, 6, 7} (size 4)

Then, the complete bipartite graph has 5 * 4 = 20 edges.

The initial graph has 5 edges, so the number of moves is 15.

Then, the first player wins because 15 is odd? No, wait: the first player makes the first move, then the second, and so on. The player who cannot move loses. So, if there are 15 moves, then the first player makes the 1st, 3rd, 5th, ..., 15th move. So, the first player wins.

But the sample output is "Aoki", which is the first player. So, that matches.

But wait, is it that simple? The number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M, and then the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

But let me test with sample input 2:

Sample input 2: 
4 2
1 2
3 4

Then, the bipartition for the entire graph: 
Component1: set0={1}, set1={2}
Component2: set0={3}, set1={4}
Then, X = {1,3}, Y = {2,4}. |X| * |Y| = 4, M=2, so moves = 2. Then, even number of moves, so the second player wins.

So, the answer is: the number of moves is (|X| * |Y| - M). Then, if that number is odd, Aoki wins; if even, Takahashi wins.

But wait, is that always true? 

Let me consider a simple graph with two vertices and one edge.

Input: 
2 1
1 2

Then, the bipartition: set0={1}, set1={2}. Then, |X| * |Y| = 1*1 = 1, M=1, so moves = 0. Then, Takahashi wins.

But the game: Aoki cannot move because the only possible edge is already present. So, Takahashi wins. Correct.

Another test: two vertices with no edge.

Input:
2 0

Then, |X| * |Y| = 1*1 = 1, M=0, so moves=1. Then, Aoki wins. Correct.

Another test: three vertices, no edges. The graph is disconnected: three vertices, no edges. Then, we have three components (each vertex is a component). Then, the bipartition for each component: each vertex is a set by itself. Then, the entire graph's bipartition: X = {1,3,5?} Wait, no. The three vertices are separate. Then, we can assign each vertex arbitrarily to X or Y. But the initial graph has no edges, so the bipartition is not fixed. But the problem says the initial graph does not have an odd cycle, so it is bipartite.

But with three vertices and no edges, we can assign the three vertices arbitrarily to two sets. But the condition for adding an edge is that the two vertices are in different sets.

But the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed by the initial graph (which has no edges). So, we can choose the bipartition arbitrarily.

But the problem says: the initial graph does not have an odd cycle, so it is bipartite. With no edges, we can assign arbitrarily.

But then, the number of moves is the number of edges we can add without creating an odd cycle. But wait, the game allows adding any edge that does not create an odd cycle. In a graph with three vertices and no edges, we can add any edge without creating an odd cycle? Actually, no: if we add an edge between two vertices, then the graph is bipartite (a tree). But if we add two edges, say a triangle, then we create an odd cycle.

But the condition is: adding an edge does not create an odd cycle. So, we can add edges as long as the graph remains bipartite.

But bipartite graphs cannot have odd cycles, so the graph remains bipartite if we only add edges between the two sets.

But in this case, the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed. However, the players can choose the bipartition as they add edges.

Actually, the game is equivalent to: we have a graph with N vertices and no edges. The players alternately add an edge that is between two vertices of different colors (in the current bipartition). But the bipartition is maintained by the players: when they add an edge, they can choose the colors for the two vertices (as long as they are different) and then the rest of the graph is already colored.

But wait, the bipartition must be consistent with the existing edges. Since there are no existing edges, the bipartition is not fixed. But the condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, the graph must remain bipartite.

But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily at each move? Actually, no. The bipartition must be consistent with the edges that are added. 

But the game is played on the complete graph, and the moves are adding edges that are between two vertices of different colors, and the colors are assigned arbitrarily at the beginning and then updated as edges are added.

Wait, no. The bipartition is fixed from the beginning. But the initial graph has no edges, so the bipartition is not fixed. But the condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, the graph must be bipartite at every step.

But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily. However, the bipartition must be consistent: once a vertex is colored, it cannot change? Or can it?

Actually, the bipartition is not fixed; the players can choose the bipartition as they wish, as long as the graph remains bipartite. But the condition for adding an edge is that the two vertices are in different sets (at the time of adding). But the sets can be reassigned arbitrarily, as long as the existing edges are respected.

But the existing edges are fixed, so the bipartition is fixed by the existing edges. But in this case, there are no existing edges, so the bipartition is not fixed.

But wait, the problem says: the initial graph does not have an odd cycle. With no edges, it is bipartite. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is not uniquely defined. But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily.

But then, the game is not well-defined because the bipartition is not fixed.

But wait, the problem says: the initial graph does not have an odd cycle. Then, the bipartition is not fixed. But the condition for adding an edge is that it does not create an odd cycle. 

But in a graph with no edges, we can add any edge without creating an odd cycle. But then, the game is simply: the complete graph minus the initial edges (which is the complete graph) and the players can add any edge. Then, the number of moves is C(n,2) - M.

But in this case, M=0, so the number of moves is n*(n-1)/2.

But then, the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

But wait, in the sample input 3, we computed the number of moves as 15, but that was based on the complete bipartite graph. But the complete bipartite graph has |X| * |Y| edges, which is not the same as the complete graph.

But in the three-vertex example, if we have three vertices and no edges, then the complete bipartite graph is not defined because the bipartition is not fixed. 

So, my previous assumption is only valid if the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph. But if the initial graph is not connected, then the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges, and the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions.

But if the initial graph is empty, then the bipartition is not fixed.

Wait, the problem states: "the given graph does not contain an odd cycle." It doesn't say the graph is connected.

But in the case of an empty graph, the bipartition is not fixed. However, the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily, but the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite.

But then, the game is equivalent to: we have a graph that is initially bipartite (empty graph is bipartite). Then, the players alternately add edges that are between two vertices that are in different sets (as defined by the current bipartition). But the bipartition is maintained by the players: they can choose the bipartition arbitrarily at the beginning and update it as they wish, as long as the graph remains bipartite.

But actually, the bipartition is not part of the game state. The condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. So, the players can add any edge that does not create an odd cycle.

But in a graph with no edges, we can add any edge without creating an odd cycle. Then, the game is simply: the complete graph with n vertices, and the players alternately add edges until no more can be added. But wait, the graph can have up to C(n,2) edges. But the condition is that the graph must not have an odd cycle. But once an edge is added, the bipartition is fixed? Not exactly.

Actually, the graph can have multiple edges. But the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle. In a graph that is bipartite, we can add an edge only between two vertices of different colors. But initially, there is no edge, so we can choose the bipartition arbitrarily.

But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily at the beginning. However, the bipartition must be consistent with the edges added.

But the key is: the game is impartial, and the state is defined by the set of edges that have been added. The moves are adding any edge that does not create an odd cycle.

But how do we count the number of moves?

Alternatively, we can think of the game as: the graph is bipartite, and the bipartition is fixed by the players. But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily at the beginning, and then the game is played on the complete bipartite graph defined by that bipartition.

But then, the total number of edges in the complete bipartite graph is |X| * |Y|, and the initial graph has M edges, so the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

But the players can choose the bipartition at the beginning. So, they can choose the bipartition that maximizes the number of moves? Or minimizes?

Wait, no. The bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. But if the initial graph has no edges, then the bipartition is not fixed by the initial graph. But the players are free to choose the bipartition arbitrarily (by flipping components or by choosing the initial bipartition) as long as the graph remains bipartite.

But in the game, the bipartition is not fixed. The players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily as they add edges.

But then, the game is not well-defined by the formula |X| * |Y| - M.

But wait, in the case of an empty graph, the players can choose the bipartition. Then, they can choose the bipartition that maximizes the number of moves. But the goal is to win, so they will choose the bipartition that gives them the winning strategy.

But then, the game is partisan? Or impartial?

Actually, the game is impartial because both players have the same moves available.

But the state is defined by the set of edges added and the bipartition chosen so far. But the bipartition is not part of the state; it is chosen implicitly by the moves.

This is getting complicated.

But let me read the problem statement again: "Initially, G does not contain an odd cycle." Then, the operations are: add an edge that is not present and that does not create an odd cycle.

So, the condition is only on the resulting graph: it must not have an odd cycle. The bipartition is not fixed.

But then, the game is: the players alternately add edges, and the graph must remain bipartite. The first player who cannot add an edge loses.

This is equivalent to: the game is played on the complete graph, and the players alternately add edges that do not create an odd cycle. But the graph must remain bipartite.

But the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph is achieved by a complete bipartite graph. But the initial graph is given, so the maximum number of edges is the maximum over all bipartitions of the graph of |X| * |Y|, minus the edges already present.

But wait, no. The graph is initially given, so the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. But if the initial graph is not connected, then the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges, and the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions.

But if the initial graph is empty, then the bipartition is not fixed, but the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily. Then, the maximum number of edges that can be added is the maximum bipartite graph's edges, which is achieved by the best bipartition.

But the game is about adding edges without creating an odd cycle. The total number of edges that can be added is the number of edges in the largest bipartite subgraph containing the initial graph.

But the initial graph is bipartite, so the largest bipartite graph containing the initial graph is the complete bipartite graph defined by the bipartition that maximizes |X| * |Y|.

But then, the number of moves is the maximum bipartite graph's edges minus M.

But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily at the beginning? No, the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. But if the initial graph is empty, then the bipartition is not fixed, but the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily as they add edges.

But then, the game is not fixed.

Alternatively, we can consider that the graph is initially bipartite, and the players can only add edges that are between the two sets (as defined by the initial bipartition). But that is not true: the initial bipartition is fixed, so the sets are fixed.

Wait, no. The initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each connected component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is fixed. But if the initial graph is empty, then there are no edges, so the bipartition is not fixed.

But the problem states: "the given graph does not contain an odd cycle." It doesn't say the graph is connected.

So, the initial graph is given, and it is bipartite. Then, the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. If the initial graph has no edges, then the graph is bipartite, but the bipartition is not uniquely defined.

However, the condition for adding an edge is that it does not create an odd cycle. In a graph with no edges, adding any edge is allowed. But adding an edge fixes the bipartition for those two vertices. Then, for the remaining vertices, the bipartition can be chosen arbitrarily.

But then, the game is not simply counting the number of edges in the complete bipartite graph.

But let me think of a simpler way.

I recall that a graph is bipartite if and only if it does not contain an odd cycle. The players are adding edges without creating an odd cycle. This is equivalent to: the graph remains bipartite.

The maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph on N vertices is floor(N^2/4) (Turán's theorem for bipartite graphs). But the initial graph has M edges, so the maximum number of edges we can have is floor(N^2/4). Then, the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

Then, the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

But wait, let me test with sample input 1: N=4, M=3. floor(4^2/4)=4. Moves=1 -> Aoki wins. Correct.

Sample input 2: N=4, M=2. floor(16/4)=4. Moves=2 -> Takahashi wins. Correct.

Sample input 3: N=9, M=5. floor(81/4)=20. Moves=15 -> Aoki wins. Correct.

But what about the three-vertex example with no edges initially: N=3, M=0. floor(9/4)=2. Moves=2. Then, Takahashi wins.

But let me simulate: three vertices, no edges. Aoki goes first. He can add an edge between any two vertices. Then, the graph becomes a tree (two vertices connected). Then, the bipartition is fixed: the two vertices are in different sets, and the third vertex can be in either set. But the condition for adding an edge is that it doesn't create an odd cycle.

After Aoki adds an edge, say between 1 and 2, then the graph has vertices 1,2 connected, and vertex 3 isolated. Then, the bipartition is {1,3} and {2}. Then, the only edge that can be added is between 1 and 3 or between 2 and 3. But wait, between 1 and 3: 1 is in set0, 3 can be set1 (if we assign 3 to set1) or set0 (if we assign 3 to set0). But if we assign 3 to set0, then the edge 1-3 is between set0 and set0, which is not allowed. But wait, the bipartition must be consistent with the existing edges.

After adding edge (1,2), the bipartition is fixed: 1 and 2 are in different sets. Then, vertex 3 can be in either set. But to add an edge from 3 to 1 or 3 to 2, we must have the two vertices in different sets.

But if we add edge (1,3), then 3 must be in the opposite set of 1. But initially, 1 is set0, so 3 must be set1. Then, the edge (1,3) is valid. Similarly, we can add edge (2,3) by setting 3 to set0 (opposite of 2's set).

But wait, after the first move (adding (1,2)), the bipartition is fixed: 1 is set0, 2 is set1, and 3 can be set0 or set1. Then, the moves are:

Aoki's first move: adds (1,2).
Then, Takahashi's move: he can add either (1,3) or (2,3). Suppose he adds (1,3). Then, the graph has edges (1,2) and (1,3). Then, the bipartition is 1: set0, 2: set1, 3: set1. Then, the only missing edge is (2,3). But (2,3) is between set1 and set1, so it cannot be added. So, Aoki cannot move and loses. So, Takahashi wins.

But according to the formula, floor(3^2/4)=2, so moves=2, and Takahashi wins. Correct.

But wait, in the three-vertex example, the complete bipartite graph has 2 edges (not 3). So, the maximum number of edges is 2. Then, the initial graph has 0 edges, so moves=2.

But in the three-vertex example, after the first move, the graph has 1 edge, and then the second move adds the second edge. Then, no more moves.

But what if the first player adds an edge between vertices 1 and 2, and the second player adds an edge between vertices 2 and 3? Then, the graph has edges (1,2) and (2,3). Then, the bipartition: 1: set0, 2: set1, 3: set0. Then, the edge (1,3) is between set0 and set0, so cannot be added. So, again, Takahashi wins.

But wait, the complete bipartite graph for three vertices is either a triangle missing one edge or a triangle missing two edges? No, the complete bipartite graph for three vertices is either a matching (two edges) or a path of two edges (also two edges). The maximum number of edges is 2.

So, the formula is: the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph on N vertices is floor(N^2/4). Then, the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

But is that always true? 

Let me consider a graph with 4 vertices and no edges initially. Then, floor(16/4)=4. The complete bipartite graph with 4 vertices can have 4 edges (if we partition into two sets of size 2 and 2). Then, the number of moves is 4.

But the game: Aoki goes first. He can add an edge between any two vertices. Suppose he adds an edge between vertices 1 and 2. Then, the bipartition is fixed: 1 and 2 are in different sets. Then, the two sets are {1,3,4} and {2} (if we fix set0 and set1 arbitrarily) — no, wait, after adding (1,2), we can assign 1 to set0 and 2 to set1. Then, vertices 3 and 4 can be assigned arbitrarily. But the complete bipartite graph is not fixed yet.

But the maximum number of edges is 4, which is the complete bipartite graph with two sets of size 2 and 2. But initially, the graph is empty, so the players can choose the bipartition.

But the maximum number of edges is 4, regardless of the order of moves.

But the moves are: the players can add edges as long as the graph remains bipartite. The maximum number of edges is 4, so the total moves is 4.

But the game is impartial, and the total number of moves is fixed (4), so the first player wins if 4 is odd? No, 4 is even, so the second player wins.

But let me simulate:

Aoki's first move: adds an edge, say (1,2). Then, the graph has 1 edge.
Takahashi's move: adds an edge, say (1,3). Now, the bipartition is fixed: 1:0, 2:1, 3:1. Then, the edges (2,3) is between 1 and 1, so not allowed. But also, (1,4) is allowed, and (2,4) is allowed, and (3,4) is allowed.

Wait, no. After adding (1,2) and (1,3), the graph has edges (1,2) and (1,3). Then, the bipartition is 1:0, 2:1, 3:1. Then, the missing edges are (2,3), (2,4), (1,4), (3,4).

But (2,3) is between two set1 vertices, so not allowed.
(2,4): 2 is set1, 4 can be set0. Then, we can add (2,4) by assigning 4 to set0.
(1,4): 1 is set0, 4 is set0, so not allowed.
(3,4): 3 is set1, 4 is set0, allowed.

So, Takahashi can add (2,4) or (3,4).

Suppose Takahashi adds (2,4). Then, the graph has edges (1,2), (1,3), (2,4). Then, the bipartition: 1:0, 2:1, 3:1, 4:0.

Then, the missing edges are (1,4) and (3,4).

(1,4): 0 and 0 -> not allowed.
(3,4): 1 and 0 -> allowed.

Then, Aoki's turn: he can add (3,4). Then, the graph has 4 edges.

Then, Takahashi cannot move, so Takahashi loses and Aoki wins.

But according to the formula, the number of moves is 4, which is even, so Takahashi should win. But in this simulation, Aoki wins.

What's the issue? 

The maximum number of edges is 4, but the initial graph has 0 edges, so the total moves are 4. But the first player makes the 1st and 3rd moves, and the second player makes the 2nd and 4th moves. But in the simulation, the fourth move is made by Aoki, and then Takahashi cannot move. So, the fourth move is the last move, and it is made by Aoki. Then, the number of moves is 4, and the last move is made by the first player. But in impartial games, the player who makes the last move wins? No, the player who cannot move loses. So, after 4 moves, the graph is full, and then the next player (Takahashi) cannot move. So, Aoki wins.

But the number of moves is 4, which is even. Then, the first player (Aoki) makes move 1 and 3, and the second player makes move 2 and 4. But move 4 is the last move, so after move 4, the graph is full and the next player (which would be Takahashi's turn) cannot move. But in the simulation, after move 4, it's Takahashi's turn? No, move 4 is the fourth move, which is made by the second player (Takahashi) if the moves are:

Move 1: Aoki
Move 2: Takahashi
Move 3: Aoki
Move 4: Takahashi

Then, after move 4, it's Aoki's turn and he cannot move. So, Aoki loses.

But in my simulation, I had:

Move 1: Aoki adds (1,2)
Move 2: Takahashi adds (1,3)
Move 3: Aoki adds (2,4)
Move 4: Takahashi adds (3,4)

Then, after move 4, it's Aoki's turn and he cannot move. So, Aoki loses.

But then, the number of moves is 4, even, and the second player wins.

But in my earlier simulation, I thought that Takahashi added (2,4) and then Aoki added (3,4). But actually, after Takahashi's second move, it's Aoki's turn, and Aoki can add (3,4). Then, Takahashi cannot move.

But the moves are:

1. Aoki: (1,2)
2. Takahashi: (1,3)
3. Aoki: (3,4)  [because (3,4) is between set1 and set0 (if we assign 4 to set0), and it is allowed]
4. Takahashi: cannot move, so Aoki wins.

But wait, after move 2, the graph has edges (1,2) and (1,3). The bipartition is 1:0, 2:1, 3:1. Then, the edge (3,4) is between 3 (set1) and 4 (not assigned yet). We can assign 4 to set0. Then, (3,4) is allowed. But (2,4) is also allowed (2 is set1, 4 is set0). 

So, on move 3, Aoki can choose to add (2,4) or (3,4). 

If Aoki adds (2,4), then the graph has (1,2), (1,3), (2,4). Then, the bipartition is 1:0, 2:1, 3:1, 4:0. Then, the only missing edge is (1,4) and (3,4). But (1,4) is between 0 and 0 -> not allowed. (3,4) is between 1 and 0 -> allowed. Then, Takahashi's move: adds (3,4). Then, no more moves. Then, Aoki cannot move, so Aoki loses.

If Aoki adds (3,4) on move 3, then the graph has (1,2), (1,3), (3,4). Then, the bipartition is 1:0, 2:1, 3:1, 4:0. Then, the missing edges are (1,4) and (2,4). (1,4) is between 0 and 0 -> not allowed. (2,4) is between 1 and 0 -> allowed. Then, Takahashi's move: adds (2,4). Then, no more moves. Then, Aoki cannot move, so Aoki loses.

So, in both cases, Aoki loses.

So, the second player wins.

But the formula says the number of moves is 4, which is even, so the second player wins. Correct.

But in the three-vertex example, the number of moves is 2, even, so the second player wins.

But wait, in the three-vertex example, after the first move, the second player can force a win.

So, the winning condition is: if the total number of moves (which is floor(N^2/4) - M) is odd, then the first player wins; if even, the second player wins.

But is that always true? 

Let me test with N=2, M=0: floor(4/4)=1. Moves=1, odd, so first player wins. Correct.

N=2, M=1: moves=0, even, second player wins. Correct.

N=3, M=0: moves=2, even, second player wins. Correct.

N=4, M=0: moves=4, even, second player wins. Correct.

N=4, M=3: moves=1, odd, first player wins. Correct.

N=4, M=2: moves=2, even, second player wins. Correct.

N=9, M=5: moves=15, odd, first player wins. Correct.

But wait, is the total number of moves always floor(N^2/4) - M?

Yes, because the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph on N vertices is floor(N^2/4), and the initial graph has M edges, so the remaining edges are floor(N^2/4) - M.

But is that the case even if the initial graph is not empty? 

Yes, because the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges.

But wait, the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges is the one that achieves the maximum, but the initial graph might not be a subgraph of that. For example, if the initial graph has edges that force a different bipartition, then the maximum number of edges might be less.

But no. The maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph is floor(N^2/4), regardless of the initial graph, as long as the initial graph is bipartite.

But wait, the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of some complete bipartite graph. The maximum complete bipartite graph is the one that maximizes the product of the two sets. But the initial graph might have a fixed bipartition (from its edges), so the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|, where X and Y are the two sets defined by the initial graph's bipartition.

But wait, no. The initial graph's bipartition is fixed by its edges. But the complete bipartite graph is defined by the same bipartition. Then, the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|, which is floor(N^2/4) only if the bipartition is balanced.

But wait, the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph is achieved by the complete bipartite graph with parts as equal as possible. But the initial graph's bipartition might not be balanced.

For example, if the initial graph has a bipartition with parts of size 1 and N-1, then the maximum number of edges is 1*(N-1) = N-1.

But the formula floor(N^2/4) is the maximum over all bipartitions. But the initial graph's bipartition is fixed by its edges, so the maximum number of edges that can be added is |X| * |Y| - M, where X and Y are the two sets of the initial graph's bipartition.

But wait, no. The initial graph's bipartition is fixed, but the players can choose to flip components arbitrarily when adding edges between components. So, the entire graph's bipartition is not fixed by the initial graph's edges alone.

But then, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), because the players can choose the bipartition that maximizes the product.

But wait, the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions. Then, the maximum number of edges is the product of the sizes of the two sets in the entire graph's bipartition.

But the entire graph's bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. So, the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|, where X and Y are the two sets defined by the initial graph's bipartition.

But in the three-vertex example with no edges initially, the initial graph's bipartition is not fixed, so the players can choose the bipartition that maximizes the product. But in that case, the maximum product is floor(3^2/4)=2.

But in the three-vertex example, the initial graph's edges are none, so the bipartition is not fixed. But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily.

But then, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), regardless of the initial graph, as long as the initial graph is bipartite.

But wait, the initial graph is given and is bipartite, but it might have a fixed bipartition. For example, if the initial graph has an edge, then the bipartition is fixed.

But the key is: the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each connected component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is fixed. Then, the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|, where X and Y are the two sets of the entire graph's bipartition.

But how do we compute |X| and |Y| for the entire graph's bipartition?

We can do a BFS/DFS on the entire graph (which is the given graph) and assign colors. Then, the two sets are the set of vertices with color0 and color1.

But the given graph is bipartite, so we can do that.

Then, the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

And the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

But in the three-vertex example with no edges initially, we cannot do BFS/DFS because there are no edges. But then, the bipartition is not fixed. However, the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily. But the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), which is 2 for N=3.

But in the three-vertex example, the initial graph's edges are none, so the bipartition is not fixed. But the maximum number of edges is 2.

But how do we compute |X| and |Y| for the entire graph's bipartition in the three-vertex example? We don't know. But the maximum number of edges is 2.

But the initial graph has M=0 edges, so the number of moves is 2.

In general, the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph on N vertices is floor(N^2/4), but the initial graph's edges are already included, so the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

But is that true even if the initial graph is not empty? 

Yes, because the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges.

But wait, the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges is the one that achieves floor(N^2/4) edges. But the initial graph might have edges that are not in that complete bipartite graph.

For example, if the initial graph has an edge that is not in the maximum bipartite graph, then we cannot use that edge.

But the initial graph is bipartite, so all its edges are in some complete bipartite graph. But the maximum complete bipartite graph is the one with parts as equal as possible. The initial graph's edges might be in a different bipartition.

But the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges is defined by the best bipartition. The initial graph is a subgraph of that complete bipartite graph if and only if the initial graph's edges are between the two sets of the best bipartition.

But the initial graph's edges might force a bipartition that is not the best. For example, if the initial graph has a bipartition that is unbalanced, then the maximum number of edges is the product of the two sets in that bipartition, which might be less than floor(N^2/4).

But wait, the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily, as long as the initial graph's edges are respected.

But the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for each connected component. Then, the entire graph's bipartition is fixed. Then, the maximum number of edges is the product of the two sets in that bipartition.

But in the three-vertex example with no edges, the initial graph's edges are none, so the bipartition is not fixed. But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily.

So, the formula is:

If the initial graph has no edges, then the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

But if the initial graph has edges, then the bipartition is fixed, and the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|, where X and Y are the two sets of the entire graph's bipartition.

But how do we compute the entire graph's bipartition when the graph is disconnected?

We can do a BFS/DFS on the entire graph and assign colors. Since the graph is bipartite, we can do that.

But if the graph is disconnected, then the bipartition is defined per component, and the entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions.

But then, the two sets X and Y are the union of the set0 from all components and the union of the set1 from all components.

But wait, no. The entire graph's bipartition is the combination of the components' bipartitions. So, the two sets are the union of the set0 from all components and the union of the set1 from all components.

Then, the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|.

But in the three-vertex example with no edges, there are three components. Then, X is the union of set0 from each component, and Y is the union of set1 from each component. But since each component is a single vertex, we can assign each vertex to either set. But the players can choose the assignment to maximize the product.

But then, the maximum product is floor(N^2/4).

But in the case of an initial graph with edges, the bipartition is fixed, so we cannot choose.

So, the solution is:

1. If the initial graph has no edges, then the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), and the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.
2. If the initial graph has edges, then we compute the bipartition (X, Y) by BFS/DFS, and the number of moves is |X| * |Y| - M.

But wait, in the three-vertex example with no edges, M=0, and floor(9/4)=2, so moves=2.

But in the initial graph with edges, we compute the bipartition.

But the problem says the initial graph does not have an odd cycle, so it is bipartite. Then, we can always compute the bipartition.

But if the initial graph is empty, then it is bipartite, but the bipartition is not uniquely defined. However, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

But the game is: the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily, so the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

But if the initial graph has edges, then the bipartition is fixed, and the maximum number of edges is the product of the two sets in that bipartition.

So, the solution is:

- If the graph is not empty, compute the bipartition and set max_edges = |X| * |Y|.
- If the graph is empty, set max_edges = floor(N^2/4).

But wait, even if the graph is not empty, the bipartition is fixed, so the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|.

But in the empty graph case, the bipartition is not fixed, but the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

But the initial graph's edges might be in a bipartition that is not the best. But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily, so the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

But if the initial graph has edges, then the bipartition is fixed, so the maximum number of edges is |X| * |Y|.

Therefore, the solution is:

1. If M == 0, then max_edges = floor(N^2/4)
2. Else, compute the bipartition of the graph (using BFS/DFS), and max_edges = |X| * |Y|

Then, the number of moves is max_edges - M.

Then, if the number of moves is odd, print "Aoki", else "Takahashi".

But wait, in the sample input 3, the graph is not empty, so we compute the bipartition and get max_edges = 5*4=20, and M=5, so moves=15, odd -> Aoki wins.

In sample input 2, N=4, M=2. We compute the bipartition: the graph has two edges (1,2) and (3,4), so the bipartition is {1,3} and {2,4}, so max_edges=4, moves=2, even -> Takahashi wins.

But sample input 1: N=4, M=3. Bipartition: {1,3} and {2,4}, max_edges=4, moves=1, odd -> Aoki wins.

But what if the initial graph has edges but the bipartition is not balanced? 

Example: N=5, M=0. But M=0, so we use floor(25/4)=6.

But if N=5, and we have an initial graph with one edge, say between vertices 1 and 2. Then, the bipartition is fixed: 1 and 2 are in different sets. Then, the other vertices can be assigned arbitrarily. But the maximum number of edges is the product of the two sets. The best bipartition for 5 vertices is 2 and 3, which gives 6 edges. But the initial bipartition might be 1 and 4, which gives 4 edges.

But wait, the initial graph has one edge (1,2). Then, the bipartition is fixed: 1 and 2 are in different sets. But the other vertices are not connected, so we can assign them arbitrarily. However, to maximize the number of edges, we can choose the assignment for the other vertices to balance the bipartition.

But the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite. The players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily as long as the initial edges are respected.

But the initial edge fixes the bipartition for vertices 1 and 2. Then, the other vertices can be assigned to either set. But the maximum number of edges is achieved by the best bipartition, which is 2 and 3.

But the initial edge (1,2) is between the two sets, so it is already counted. Then, the maximum number of edges is 6.

But the initial graph has 1 edge, so the number of moves is 5.

But wait, the bipartition is fixed by the initial graph's edges. But the initial graph has only one edge, so the bipartition for the other vertices is not fixed. But the players can choose the bipartition for the other vertices.

But the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite. So, the bipartition must be consistent with the existing edges.

But the existing edge (1,2) fixes the bipartition for vertices 1 and 2. Then, the other vertices can be assigned arbitrarily. Then, the maximum number of edges is the product of the two sets, which can be chosen to be 2 and 3 (4 and 5 vertices? No, N=5).

Vertices: 1,2,3,4,5.

Edge: (1,2).

Then, the bipartition: vertex1 and vertex2 are in different sets. Let's say set0 and set1.

Then, the other three vertices can be assigned to set0 or set1 arbitrarily.

To maximize the product, we want to balance the sets. So, we can assign two of the three to set0 and one to set1, or vice versa.

But the two sets initially have 1 in set0 and 1 in set1. Then, after assigning the other three, the two sets will have:

Option 1: set0 = {1, a, b}, set1 = {2, c}. Then, product=3*2=6.

Option 2: set0 = {1, a}, set1 = {2, b, c}. Then, product=2*3=6.

Option 3: set0 = {1, a, b, c}, set1 = {2}. Then, product=4*1=4.

But the players can choose the assignment to maximize the number of edges. But the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite, and the initial edge is already there.

But the maximum product is 6.

So, the number of moves is 6 - 1 = 5.

But if the initial graph has one edge, then the maximum number of edges is 6.

So, the formula is: the maximum number of edges is the maximum over all bipartitions of the graph (consistent with the initial edges) of |X| * |Y|.

But the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for the vertices incident to those edges. The other vertices can be assigned arbitrarily.

But the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), because we can always choose a bipartition that is balanced.

But wait, the initial graph's edges might force an unbalanced bipartition.

For example, if the initial graph has an edge between vertices 1 and 2, and vertex 1 is already in a large set, then we might not be able to balance the bipartition.

But no, because the initial graph's edges only fix the relative colors of the vertices. The other vertices can be assigned arbitrarily.

But the bipartition must be consistent: if there is an edge between 1 and 2, then 1 and 2 are in different sets. But the other vertices can be assigned to either set.

Then, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), because we can always choose the assignment for the other vertices to balance the bipartition.

But in the example with N=5 and one edge (1,2), the maximum product is 6, which is floor(25/4)=6.

In the example with N=4 and no edges, floor(16/4)=4.

So, it seems that regardless of the initial graph (as long as it is bipartite), the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph is floor(N^2/4).

Therefore, the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

And the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

So, the solution is:

1. Read N, M and the edges.
2. If M == 0, then max_edges = floor(N^2/4)
   But wait, even if M > 0, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), because the initial graph's edges are included in the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges.

But is that true? 

No. The initial graph's edges must be a subset of the complete bipartite graph. But the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges is defined by the best bipartition. The initial graph's edges might not be in that bipartition.

But the initial graph is bipartite, so there exists a complete bipartite graph that contains the initial graph. But the maximum complete bipartite graph (with floor(N^2/4) edges) might not contain all the initial graph's edges.

For example, if the initial graph has an edge in a bipartition that is not the best, then that edge might not be in the best bipartition.

But the best bipartition might not include the initial graph's edges.

But the condition is that the graph must remain bipartite. The players can only add edges that are in the complete bipartite graph defined by the chosen bipartition. But the chosen bipartition must be consistent with the initial graph's edges.

But the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for the vertices incident to those edges. Then, the other vertices can be assigned arbitrarily, but the chosen bipartition must be consistent with the initial graph's edges.

But the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4) only if the initial graph's edges are contained in some complete bipartite graph with floor(N^2/4) edges.

But it is not necessarily true.

For example, N=4, initial graph has two edges: (1,2) and (3,4). Then, the bipartition is fixed: {1,3} and {2,4}. The complete bipartite graph has 4 edges. The initial graph has 2 edges, so the number of moves is 2.

But floor(4^2/4)=4, so 4-2=2, correct.

Another example: N=5, initial graph has an edge (1,2). Then, the maximum number of edges is 6. But floor(5^2/4)=6, so 6-1=5.

But if the initial graph has an edge that is not in the best bipartition, can we still achieve 6 edges?

Yes, because the initial edge (1,2) can be included in the best bipartition (2 and 3) by assigning 1 and 2 to the two sets appropriately.

For example, in the best bipartition for 5 vertices: sets of size 2 and 3. We can assign 1 to the set of size 3 and 2 to the set of size 2, or vice versa.

So, the initial edge (1,2) is between the two sets, so it is included.

Therefore, the maximum number of edges is always floor(N^2/4), and the initial graph's edges are always a subset of some complete bipartite graph with floor(N^2/4) edges.

Therefore, the number of moves is floor(N^2/4) - M.

And the winner is determined by the parity of that number.

But wait, in the three-vertex example with no edges, floor(9/4)=2, so moves=2.

But the initial graph has 0 edges, so moves=2.

In the three-vertex example with one edge, floor(9/4)=2, moves=1.

So, the code is:

1. Read N, M.
2. If M == 0:
        max_edges = (N*N) // 4
   Else:
        # But wait, even if M>0, we still use floor(N^2/4)
        max_edges = (N*N) // 4

   But wait, no. The maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4) regardless of M, as long as the initial graph is bipartite.

   But we don't need to do BFS/DFS if M>0? 

   But wait, the initial graph might be disconnected, and the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), but the initial graph's edges are given, and we need to ensure that they are included in the complete bipartite graph.

   But they are, as argued.

   However, there is a catch: the initial graph might have edges that force a bipartition that is not the best. But we can still achieve floor(N^2/4) edges because we can choose the bipartition that is best, as long as the initial graph's edges are respected.

   But the initial graph's edges fix the bipartition for the vertices incident to those edges. But we can always choose a bipartition that includes the initial graph's edges and has floor(N^2/4) edges.

   Therefore, the number of moves is always floor(N^2/4) - M.

   But is that true for all cases?

   Let me test with a graph that is not complete bipartite initially.

   Example: N=4, initial graph has edges (1,2) and (2,3). Then, the graph is a path of three vertices and one isolated vertex. But wait, the graph is bipartite. The bipartition: 1:0, 2:1, 3:0. Then, the fourth vertex can be assigned arbitrarily.

   The maximum number of edges is floor(16/4)=4.

   The initial graph has 2 edges, so moves=2.

   But let me simulate:

   The bipartition is fixed: 1:0, 2:1, 3:0, and vertex4 can be 0 or 1.

   To maximize the number of edges, we assign vertex4 to set1.

   Then, the complete bipartite graph has edges between {1,3,4} (set0) and {2} (set1). But wait, set0 has 3 vertices, set1 has 1 vertex, so the product is 3.

   But floor(4^2/4)=4, which is achieved by sets of size 2 and 2.

   But the initial graph's edges are (1,2) and (2,3). In the best bipartition (two sets of size 2), we can have:

   Set0: {1,3}, set1: {2,4}. Then, the initial edge (1,2) is between set0 and set1, and (2,3) is between set1 and set0. So, the initial graph's edges are included.

   But the initial graph's edges force a bipartition: 1 and 3 are in the same set, and 2 is in the other set. Then, vertex4 must be in the same set as 1 and 3 or as 2.

   If we put vertex4 in set0 (same as 1 and 3), then the bipartition is set0={1,3,4}, set1={2}. Then, the complete bipartite graph has 3 edges.

   If we put vertex4 in set1, then set0={1,3}, set1={2,4}. Then, the complete bipartite graph has 2*2=4 edges.

   But the initial graph's edges are (1,2) and (2,3). In the second bipartition (set0={1,3}, set1={2,4}), the edge (2,3) is between set1 and set0, which is allowed. And (1,2) is between set0 and set1, allowed.

   But wait, the initial graph's edges force that 1 and 3 are in the same set and 2 is in the other set. But in the second bipartition, 1 and 3 are in set0, and 2 is in set1, and 4 is in set1. This is consistent with the initial graph's edges.

   So, the players can choose the bipartition that has the maximum number of edges.

   Therefore, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), and the initial graph's edges are always contained in some complete bipartite graph with floor(N^2/4) edges.

   So, the number of moves is always floor(N^2/4) - M.

   Then, the code is:

   moves = (N*N)//4 - M

   Then, if moves % 2 == 1, print "Aoki", else "Takahashi".

   But wait, in the example above with N=4, M=2, moves=4-2=2, even -> Takahashi wins. Correct.

   In sample input 1: N=4, M=3, moves=4-3=1, odd -> Aoki wins. Correct.

   Sample input 2: N=4, M=2, moves=2, even -> Takahashi wins. Correct.

   Sample input 3: N=9, M=5, moves=20-5=15, odd -> Aoki wins. Correct.

   But wait, in the three-vertex example with no edges, N=3, M=0, moves=2-0=2, even -> Takahashi wins. Correct.

   But in the three-vertex example with one edge, N=3, M=1, moves=2-1=1, odd -> Aoki wins.

   But earlier simulation with three vertices and one edge: Aoki wins. Correct.

   But wait, the complete bipartite graph for three vertices has 2 edges. The initial graph has 1 edge, so moves=1.

   But the complete bipartite graph for three vertices is not unique: there are two possible complete bipartite graphs: one with parts (1,2) and (3) -> 2 edges, or (1) and (2,3) -> 2 edges, or (1,3) and (2) -> 2 edges. But the initial graph's edge fixes the bipartition.

   But the maximum number of edges is 2, so moves=1.

   So, the formula holds.

   But wait, what if the initial graph has an edge that is not in the maximum bipartite graph? 

   Example: N=4, initial graph has an edge (1,2). Then, the maximum bipartite graph has 4 edges. The initial graph has 1 edge, so moves=3.

   But the initial edge (1,2) can be part of the complete bipartite graph with 4 edges.

   So, no issue.

   Therefore, the solution is:

   moves = (N*N)//4 - M

   Then, if moves is odd, "Aoki", else "Takahashi".

   But wait, the initial graph might have multiple edges or might not be simple? The problem says no multi-edges.

   But (N*N)//4 might not be an integer. In Python, // is floor division, so for even N, it's (N^2)//4, for odd N, it's (N^2-1)//4.

   But floor(N^2/4) is correct.

   But let me test with N=3: 3*3=9, 9//4=2. Correct.

   N=4: 16//4=4. Correct.

   N=5: 25//4=6. Correct.

   But wait, is the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph floor(N^2/4)? Yes.

   Therefore, the code is:

   Read N, M.
   moves = (N*N)//4 - M
   if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
   else:
        print("Takahashi")

   But wait, what if the initial graph has an edge that is not in the complete bipartite graph? 

   But the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of the complete bipartite graph with the maximum edges.

   Therefore, the code is as above.

   Let me test with the provided examples.

   Sample Input 1: N=4, M=3 -> moves=4-3=1 -> Aoki.
   Sample Input 2: N=4, M=2 -> moves=4-2=2 -> Takahashi.
   Sample Input 3: N=9, M=5 -> moves=20-5=15 -> Aoki.

   But wait, sample input 3: N=9, floor(9^2/4)=81//4=20. Correct.

   But the sample input 3 has 5 edges, so moves=15.

   So, the code is:

   Note: We are not using the initial graph's structure at all, only N and M.

   But is that always true? 

   Consider a graph that is not bipartite initially. But the problem states that the initial graph does not have an odd cycle, so it is bipartite.

   Therefore, the answer is to compute moves = (N*N)//4 - M, and then check the parity.

   But wait, what if the initial graph has multiple edges or self-loops? The problem says no multi-edges and no self-loops.

   So, the final code is:

   Read N, M.
   moves = (N*N) // 4 - M
   if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
   else:
        print("Takahashi")

   But wait, let me test with a small graph that is not complete bipartite initially.

   Example: N=3, M=0 -> moves=2, even -> Takahashi.
   N=3, M=1 -> moves=1, odd -> Aoki.

   Example: N=5, M=0 -> moves=6, even -> Takahashi.

   But is that correct? 

   For N=5, M=0, the maximum number of moves is 6. The first player wins if the number of moves is odd? 6 is even, so second player wins.

   But let me simulate:

   The complete bipartite graph for 5 vertices has 6 edges. The players alternately add edges. The first player adds one edge, the second player adds one, and so on. After 6 edges, the graph is full. Then, the next player (first player) cannot move. But the moves are 6, so the last move is made by the second player. Then, the first player cannot move and loses. So, second player wins. Correct.

   But wait, the number of moves is 6, even, so the second player wins.

   But the code says: if moves is even, Takahashi wins. Correct.

   But note: the number of moves is the number of edges to be added, which is 6.

   But the first player makes the first, third, fifth moves.
   The second player makes the second, fourth, sixth moves.

   After the sixth move, the graph is full. Then, the first player's turn: no move, so first player loses.

   So, the second player wins.

   Therefore, the code is correct.

   But wait, what if the initial graph has edges that are not in the complete bipartite graph? 

   But the initial graph is bipartite, so it is a subgraph of the complete bipartite graph.

   Therefore, the final code is:

   Note: We must use integer arithmetic.

   Let me write the code accordingly.

   However, note: the initial graph might have more than floor(N^2/4) edges? 

   No, because a bipartite graph cannot have more than floor(N^2/4) edges.

   But wait, the initial graph is given and is bipartite, so M <= floor(N^2/4).

   So, moves = (N*N)//4 - M >= 0.

   Therefore, the code is:

   def main():
        import sys
        data = sys.stdin.read().split()
        if not data:
            return
        n = int(data[0])
        m = int(data[1])
        # Calculate the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph
        max_edges = (n * n) // 4
        moves = max_edges - m
        if moves % 2 == 1:
            print("Aoki")
        else:
            print("Takahashi")

   But wait, let me test with a graph that is not empty and not complete.

   Example: N=4, M=3. The maximum edges is 4, moves=1. Correct.

   But wait, the initial graph has 3 edges. Is it possible that the initial graph has 3 edges and is bipartite? For example, a cycle of 4 vertices has 4 edges. But a tree has 3 edges. But a tree is bipartite. But the maximum edges for 4 vertices is 4, so moves=1.

   But the initial graph has 3 edges, which is a tree (for 4 vertices, a tree has 3 edges). Then, the complete bipartite graph has 4 edges, so moves=1.

   Correct.

   Therefore, the code is as above.

   However, the problem says the initial graph does not have an odd cycle, so it is bipartite. And we are only using N and M.

   But is there any case where the initial graph is bipartite but has more than floor(N^2/4) edges? 

   No, because floor(N^2/4) is the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph.

   Therefore, the answer is to use the formula.

   But wait, consider a bipartite graph that is not complete. For example, two complete bipartite graphs connected by a bridge. But the maximum number of edges is still floor(N^2/4).

   So, the code is:

   Let me submit this.

   But wait, the sample input 3 has N=9, M=5. The maximum edges is 20, so moves=15.

   But the sample input 3 is not complete, so 5 is less than 20.

   Yes.

   But note: the initial graph might have multiple connected components, but the maximum number of edges is still floor(N^2/4).

   Therefore, the final code is:

   Note: We must use floor division.

   Let me write the code accordingly.

   However, there is one more thing: the problem says the initial graph has no multi-edges and no self-loops, and the given graph does not contain an odd cycle.

   So, the code is:

   def main():
        import sys
        data = sys.stdin.read().split()
        n = int(data[0])
        m = int(data[1])
        max_edges = (n * n) // 4
        moves = max_edges - m
        if moves % 2 == 1:
            print("Aoki")
        else:
            print("Takahashi")

   But wait, in the three-vertex example with no edges, n=3, m=0, max_edges=9//4=2, moves=2, even -> Takahashi. Correct.

   But wait, the three-vertex example with no edges is allowed, and the bipartition is not fixed, but the maximum number of edges is 2.

   Yes.

   But what if the initial graph has a fixed bipartition that is not the best? 

   But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily, so the maximum number of edges is still floor(N^2/4).

   Therefore, the code is correct.

   Let me run the provided examples.

   Sample Input 1: 4 3 -> moves= (16//4)-3=4-3=1 -> Aoki.
   Sample Input 2: 4 2 -> moves=4-2=2 -> Takahashi.
   Sample Input 3: 9 5 -> moves=81//4=20-5=15 -> Aoki.

   All correct.

   But wait, the sample input 3 has 9 vertices and 5 edges. The complete bipartite graph has 20 edges, so 20-5=15 moves.

   But the sample output is "Aoki", which is correct.

   Therefore, the final code is:

   Note: We must use integer arithmetic. (n*n)//4 is floor division.

   However, for even n, (n*n)//4 is exact. For odd n, it is floor.

   This is correct.

   I think this is the solution.

   But wait, I just realized: the initial graph might have a bipartition that is not the best, and the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4), but the initial graph's edges might be in a different bipartition. 

   But the players can choose the bipartition arbitrarily as long as the initial graph's edges are respected. So, the maximum number of edges is floor(N^2/4).

   Therefore, the code is correct.

   Let me submit.

</think>

=== ANSWER ===

To solve this problem, we need to determine the winner of a game played on a bipartite graph where two players alternately add edges without creating any odd cycles. The game ends when no more edges can be added, and the player who cannot move loses. 

### Approach
1. **Problem Analysis**: The key observation here is that the initial graph is bipartite (no odd cycles). The game involves adding edges between vertices of different colors in the bipartite graph. The maximum number of edges that can be added without creating an odd cycle is given by the maximum bipartite graph's edge count, which is floor(N²/4) for a graph with N vertices. The number of moves available is the difference between this maximum and the initial number of edges (M).

2. **Insight**: The game is won by the player who makes the last move. The winner depends on the parity of the number of moves. If the number of moves is odd, the first player (Aoki) wins; otherwise, the second player (Takahashi) wins.

3. **Algorithm Selection**: The solution involves calculating the maximum possible edges in a bipartite graph (floor(N²/4)) and subtracting the initial edges (M). The parity of the result determines the winner.

4. **Complexity Analysis**: The approach involves simple arithmetic operations (multiplication and division) with constant time complexity O(1) per test case, making it efficient even for large N (up to 2×10⁵).

### Solution Code
```python
def main():
    import sys
    data = sys.stdin.read().split()
    n = int(data[0])
    m = int(data[1])
    max_edges = (n * n) // 4
    moves = max_edges - m
    if moves % 2 == 1:
        print("Aoki")
    else:
        print("Takahashi")

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Explanation
1. **Reading Input**: The input consists of two integers, N (number of vertices) and M (number of initial edges).
2. **Calculating Maximum Edges**: The maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph with N vertices is computed as floor(N²/4).
3. **Determining Moves**: The number of moves available is the difference between the maximum edges and the initial edges (M).
4. **Deciding the Winner**: If the number of moves is odd, the first player (Aoki) wins; otherwise, the second player (Takahashi) wins. The result is printed accordingly.

This approach efficiently leverages the properties of bipartite graphs to determine the winner without complex graph traversals or additional computations, ensuring optimal performance.