=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
qwen

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a tree with N vertices. The i-th edge (1 \leq i \leq N-1) connects vertices u_i and v_i bidirectionally.
Adding one undirected edge to the given tree always yields a graph with exactly one cycle.
Among such graphs, how many satisfy all of the following conditions?

- The graph is simple.
- All vertices in the cycle have degree 3.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
u_1 v_1
u_2 v_2
\vdots
u_{N-1} v_{N-1}

Output

Print the answer.

Constraints


- 3 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq N
- The given graph is a tree.
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

6
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 5
3 6

Sample Output 1

1

Adding an edge connecting vertices 2 and 4 yields a simple graph where all vertices in the cycle have degree 3, so it satisfies the conditions.

Sample Input 2

7
1 2
2 7
3 5
7 3
6 2
4 7

Sample Output 2

0

There are cases where no graphs satisfy the conditions.

Sample Input 3

15
1 15
11 14
2 10
1 7
9 8
6 9
4 12
14 5
4 9
8 11
7 4
1 13
3 6
11 10

Sample Output 3

6

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-build-close way.

Follow the workflow below strictly. Think like terse contest scratch work, not a tutorial.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Use the decisive constraints to narrow to one main candidate early. If two candidates remain, choose the simpler one that still fits the limits instead of keeping both alive.
- Before coding, run one compact feasibility screen only on that chosen candidate: complexity, core data-structure fit, and the one or two edge cases most likely to break it.
- Turn that result into a tiny implementation ledger: main state, loop order, invariant, and the one or two local risks to watch while coding.
- Move into code promptly. Do not paraphrase the problem, replay samples, or explain the algorithm like a tutorial.
- After coding starts, keep all later reflection attached to the current draft.
- If something looks wrong, first classify it as a local patch, a small structural adjustment, or a genuine invariant break. Prefer the smallest fix that resolves it.
- Do not reopen broad planning, redesign, or knowledge recall after a viable draft already exists unless a concrete edge case or contradiction forces it.
- Once the chosen draft survives the feasibility screen, one key edge-case check, and one draft-level recheck, close rather than compare nearby alternatives again.
- If a thought does not help choose, code, patch, or verify the current draft, drop it and continue.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- tutorial-style explanation, sample replay, or long prose restatement before coding;
- alternating between redesign, knowledge recall, and reconsideration after coding has already started;
- drifting from a viable draft back into abstract planning without new evidence;
- letting one local uncertainty expand into a fresh search cycle when a local patch would do.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
Let me analyze this problem step by step.

We have a tree with N vertices. Adding one edge creates exactly one cycle. We need to count how many ways to add an edge such that:
1. The graph is simple (no self-loops, no multi-edges)
2. All vertices in the cycle have degree 3

Since it's a tree, every vertex already has some degree. When we add an edge between vertices u and v, we create a cycle consisting of the unique path from u to v in the tree plus the new edge.

For all vertices in the cycle to have degree 3:
- Vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) must have degree 2 in the tree (so they become degree 3 after adding the edge)
- Vertices u and v must have degree 2 in the tree (so they become degree 3 after adding the edge)

Wait, let me reconsider. The cycle consists of the path from u to v in the tree, plus the edge (u,v). All vertices on this cycle must have degree 3 in the final graph.

For a vertex w on the path from u to v (not u or v): it has degree 2 on the cycle (one edge going toward u, one going toward v). In the tree, its degree is the same as its degree on the path plus any branches. For it to have degree 3 in the final graph, it must have degree 2 in the tree (2 from the path, 0 from branches, then +1 from... wait no).

Let me think again. The cycle is: u -> ... -> v -> u. The vertices on the cycle are exactly the vertices on the path from u to v in the tree.

For vertex w on the path (not u or v): w has exactly 2 edges on the path (toward its two neighbors on the path). In the tree, w's total degree includes these 2 edges plus any other edges to subtrees not on the path. In the final graph, w's degree is the same as in the tree (since the new edge only connects u and v). So for w to have degree 3, w must have degree 2 in the tree, meaning w has no branches off the path.

For vertex u: u has 1 edge on the path (toward v's direction). In the tree, u's degree is 1 (from the path) + branches. In the final graph, u's degree is tree_degree + 1 (from the new edge). So we need tree_degree(u) + 1 = 3, meaning tree_degree(u) = 2.

Similarly for v: tree_degree(v) = 2.

So the conditions are:
1. u and v are not already connected by an edge (simple graph)
2. tree_degree(u) = 2 and tree_degree(v) = 2
3. All vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) have tree_degree = 2

Let me think about this differently. Consider the tree. A vertex has degree 2 if it has exactly 2 neighbors. We need to find pairs (u, v) such that:
- u and v are not adjacent in the tree
- The entire path from u to v consists of vertices with degree 2 in the tree

Wait, including u and v! All vertices on the path must have degree 2.

So I need to find all paths in the tree where every vertex on the path has degree 2, and the endpoints of the path are not adjacent in the tree.

Actually, let me reconsider. The path from u to v includes u and v. All vertices on this path must have degree 2 in the tree. And u and v must not be adjacent (otherwise we'd create a multi-edge).

So I need to find all pairs of non-adjacent vertices (u, v) such that every vertex on the path from u to v has degree 2 in the tree.

This is equivalent to: find all paths consisting entirely of degree-2 vertices, and count the number of non-adjacent pairs of endpoints.

Let me think about the structure. Consider the "skeleton" of the tree where we remove all degree-2 vertices. The remaining structure is a tree of vertices with degree ≠ 2. The degree-2 vertices form paths between these "junction" vertices.

Wait, but we also need to consider degree-1 vertices (leaves). A path of degree-2 vertices could end at a leaf or at a junction vertex.

Actually, let me reconsider. Let's identify all maximal paths of consecutive degree-2 vertices. Each such path has two endpoints which are either:
- A vertex with degree ≠ 2 (could be 1 or ≥ 3)
- Or the path could be the entire tree (if all vertices have degree 2, but this requires N ≥ 3 and a path graph)

For a maximal path of degree-2 vertices with k vertices, the number of valid pairs (u, v) where u and v are not adjacent is C(k, 2) - (k-1) = k(k-1)/2 - (k-1) = (k-1)(k-2)/2.

Wait, but I need to be more careful. The path from u to v in the tree must consist entirely of degree-2 vertices. If u and v are on the same maximal path of degree-2 vertices, then the path between them is a subpath of this maximal path, and all vertices on it have degree 2. But u and v must not be adjacent in the tree.

So for a maximal path of k degree-2 vertices, the number of valid pairs is the number of pairs that are not adjacent, which is C(k, 2) - (k-1) = (k-1)(k-2)/2.

But wait, can u and v be on different maximal paths? No, because the path from u to v would have to go through a non-degree-2 vertex, which violates the condition.

So the answer is the sum over all maximal paths of degree-2 vertices of (k-1)(k-2)/2, where k is the number of vertices in the path.

Let me verify with the examples.

Sample 1:
Tree: 1-2-3-4-5, 3-6
Degrees: 1:1, 2:2, 3:3, 4:2, 5:1, 6:1
Degree-2 vertices: 2, 4
Maximal paths of degree-2 vertices:
- 2 alone (neighbors 1 and 3, both not degree 2)
- 4 alone (neighbors 3 and 5, both not degree 2)

For a single degree-2 vertex, k=1, so (1-1)(1-2)/2 = 0.

But the answer is 1! So my analysis is wrong.

Let me re-examine. Adding edge 2-4 creates a cycle 2-3-4-2. Vertices on the cycle: 2, 3, 4.
- Vertex 2: degree in tree is 2, degree in new graph is 3. ✓
- Vertex 3: degree in tree is 3, degree in new graph is 3. ✓
- Vertex 4: degree in tree is 2, degree in new graph is 3. ✓

Oh! I made an error. Vertex 3 has degree 3 in the tree, and it's on the cycle. But its degree in the new graph is still 3 (the new edge doesn't touch it). So it satisfies the condition!

So my analysis was wrong. Let me redo it.

For a vertex w on the path from u to v (not u or v):
- In the tree, w has some degree d_w.
- In the new graph, w's degree is still d_w (the new edge only connects u and v).
- For the condition, we need d_w = 3.

For vertices u and v:
- In the tree, they have degrees d_u and d_v.
- In the new graph, their degrees are d_u + 1 and d_v + 1.
- For the condition, we need d_u + 1 = 3 and d_v + 1 = 3, so d_u = d_v = 2.

So the conditions are:
1. u and v are not adjacent in the tree.
2. tree_degree(u) = 2 and tree_degree(v) = 2.
3. All vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) have tree_degree = 3.

Let me re-verify with sample 1:
Tree: 1-2-3-4-5, 3-6
Degrees: 1:1, 2:2, 3:3, 4:2, 5:1, 6:1
Degree-2 vertices: 2, 4
Degree-3 vertices: 3

Adding edge 2-4: path is 2-3-4. 
- Vertex 2 (endpoint): degree 2 in tree. ✓
- Vertex 3 (middle): degree 3 in tree. ✓
- Vertex 4 (endpoint): degree 2 in tree. ✓
And 2 and 4 are not adjacent. ✓

So the valid pair is (2, 4). Answer = 1. ✓

Now I need to find all pairs (u, v) where:
- u and v have degree 2 in the tree
- u and v are not adjacent
- All vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) have degree 3

Let me think about this differently. Consider the tree. Remove all vertices with degree ≠ 2 and degree ≠ 3. Actually, let's think about paths.

Consider the "contracted" tree where we replace each maximal path of degree-3 vertices with a single edge. Wait, that doesn't quite work either.

Let me think about it as follows. The path from u to v goes through some vertices. The internal vertices (not u or v) must all have degree 3. The endpoints u and v must have degree 2.

So I need to find pairs of degree-2 vertices such that the path between them consists entirely of degree-3 vertices (in the interior).

Let me think of the tree as having "special" vertices: degree-2 vertices and degree-3 vertices. The other vertices (degree 1 or degree ≥ 4) are "blocked" - they can't appear on any valid path.

Actually, let me think about it more carefully. Consider the subgraph induced by degree-2 and degree-3 vertices. This subgraph is a forest (since it's a subgraph of a tree). In this forest, I need to find pairs of degree-2 vertices in the same tree such that the path between them (in the original tree, which is the same as in this forest) consists of degree-3 vertices in the interior.

But wait, in this forest, a degree-2 vertex might be connected to another degree-2 vertex directly. In that case, they can't form a valid pair (they're adjacent).

Let me think about the structure of the forest of degree-2 and degree-3 vertices. Each tree in this forest is a path (since degree-2 vertices have at most 2 neighbors in this forest, and degree-3 vertices have at most 3 neighbors, but in a tree, they can have at most 2 children + 1 parent = 3 neighbors total, but in this forest, some neighbors might be removed).

Hmm, actually the forest might not be just paths. Let me think again.

In the original tree, consider only degree-2 and degree-3 vertices. The edges between them form a forest. Each connected component of this forest is a tree. In this tree, degree-2 vertices have degree at most 2 (they had degree 2 in the original tree, and all their neighbors in the original tree are in this forest if they're degree-2 or degree-3). Wait, a degree-2 vertex in the original tree has exactly 2 neighbors, and both must be degree-2 or degree-3 for the vertex to be in this forest. If one neighbor is degree-1 or degree-≥4, then the degree-2 vertex is a "leaf" in this forest with degree 1.

Similarly, a degree-3 vertex in the original tree has 3 neighbors. Some might be degree-2 or degree-3, some might not. So in the forest, it has degree ≤ 3.

OK so the forest can have complex structure. Let me think differently.

I need to count pairs (u, v) where:
- u and v have degree 2
- u and v are not adjacent
- All internal vertices on the path from u to v have degree 3

Let me define: for each degree-2 vertex u, I want to find all degree-2 vertices v reachable from u via a path of degree-3 vertices.

Consider the tree. Remove all edges incident to vertices with degree ≠ 2 and degree ≠ 3. Actually, that removes too much.

Let me try a different approach. Root the tree at some vertex. For each vertex, compute the number of degree-2 vertices reachable via paths of degree-3 vertices.

Actually, let me think about it as a graph problem. Create a new graph G' where:
- Vertices are the degree-2 vertices of the original tree.
- Two vertices u, v are connected in G' if the path from u to v in the tree consists entirely of degree-3 vertices (excluding u and v).

In this graph G', I need to count the number of edges. But wait, I also need to exclude pairs that are adjacent in the original tree.

Hmm, but if u and v are adjacent in the original tree and both have degree 2, then the path from u to v is just the edge (u, v), which has no internal vertices. So the condition "all internal vertices have degree 3" is vacuously true. But we need to exclude this pair because we can't add a multi-edge.

So the answer is: (number of edges in G') - (number of adjacent degree-2 pairs in the original tree).

Wait, that's not right either. Let me re-read the problem.

OK so I need to count the number of ways to add an edge (u, v) such that:
1. (u, v) is not already an edge in the tree.
2. All vertices on the cycle (which is the path from u to v plus the edge (u, v)) have degree 3 in the new graph.

For condition 2:
- Vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) must have degree 3 in the tree.
- Vertices u and v must have degree 2 in the tree (so they become degree 3 after adding the edge).

For condition 1: u and v are not adjacent in the tree.

So I need to count pairs (u, v) where:
- u and v are not adjacent in the tree.
- u and v have degree 2 in the tree.
- All vertices on the path from u to v (excluding u and v) have degree 3 in the tree.

Now, let me think about how to compute this efficiently.

Approach: Consider the tree. Mark vertices as "type-2" (degree 2), "type-3" (degree 3), or "blocked" (degree 1 or ≥ 4).

For each pair of type-2 vertices (u, v) that are not adjacent, check if the path from u to v consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u and v).

This is O(N^2) in the worst case, which is too slow for N = 2×10^5.

Better approach: Think about the structure. The type-2 and type-3 vertices form a forest (as I discussed earlier). In each tree of this forest, I need to count pairs of type-2 vertices that are not adjacent and whose path consists entirely of type-3 vertices.

Wait, but in the forest, a type-2 vertex might be adjacent to another type-2 vertex. In that case, they're adjacent in the original tree, so they don't form a valid pair.

Let me think about each tree in the forest separately. In such a tree, the type-2 vertices are "leaves" (degree 1 in the forest, since they have degree 2 in the original tree and one of their neighbors might be outside the forest). Wait, no. A type-2 vertex has degree 2 in the original tree. Both of its neighbors could be type-2 or type-3. If both are type-2 or type-3, then the type-2 vertex has degree 2 in the forest. If one neighbor is blocked, then the type-2 vertex has degree 1 in the forest.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me try a different approach.

Observation: Consider the tree. For each vertex v, let's define its "type" as its degree. We want to find pairs (u, v) where both have type 2, they're not adjacent, and the path between them has all type-3 vertices internally.

Key insight: Consider the tree rooted at some vertex. For each vertex v of type 3, it has 3 neighbors. The paths through v connect pairs of its neighbors. For a pair of type-2 vertices (u, v) to have a path of type-3 vertices between them, the path must go through type-3 vertices only.

Let me think about this differently. Contract all "blocked" vertices (degree 1 or ≥ 4) into single points. The resulting structure is a tree where the leaves are blocked vertices, and the internal structure consists of paths of type-2 and type-3 vertices.

Actually, let me try yet another approach. Let's think about the problem as follows:

For each vertex v of type 3, it can "connect" paths coming from its 3 neighbors. For a pair (u, v) of type-2 vertices, the path between them goes through some sequence of type-3 vertices. 

Let me define: for each type-3 vertex w, and for each of its 3 neighbors, the "branch" from w through that neighbor. A branch is a path starting from w, going through one of its neighbors, and continuing as long as the vertices are type-2 or type-3, until we hit a blocked vertex or return to a type-3 vertex.

Wait, I think I should approach this more carefully.

Let me consider the tree and remove all blocked vertices (and their incident edges). The remaining graph is a forest of paths (since each remaining vertex has degree ≤ 3 in the original tree, but in this subgraph, the degree is at most 2 for type-2 vertices and at most 3 for type-3 vertices, but actually...).

Hmm, let me think about it differently. 

In the original tree, consider the subgraph induced by type-2 and type-3 vertices. This is a forest. Each connected component is a tree. 

In such a tree, type-2 vertices have degree at most 2 (they had degree 2 in the original tree, and all their neighbors are in this subgraph if they're type-2 or type-3). But some of their original neighbors might be blocked, so their degree in this subgraph could be 0, 1, or 2.

Similarly, type-3 vertices have degree at most 3 in this subgraph.

Now, in each tree of this forest, I want to count pairs of type-2 vertices that are not adjacent (in the original tree) and whose path consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally.

Let me think about the structure of such a tree. If I remove all type-2 vertices from this tree, I get a forest of type-3 vertices. Each type-2 vertex is a "bridge" between two type-3 vertices (or a type-3 vertex and a blocked vertex, but blocked vertices are not in this subgraph, so each type-2 vertex connects two type-3 vertices or is a leaf).

Wait, a type-2 vertex in the original tree has exactly 2 neighbors. If both are type-2 or type-3, then in the subgraph, it has degree 2. If one is blocked, it has degree 1. If both are blocked, it has degree 0 (isolated).

Hmm, I think the key observation is:

In the subgraph of type-2 and type-3 vertices, each connected component is a tree. In this tree, I want to count pairs of type-2 vertices that are not adjacent and whose path consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally.

But wait, if two type-2 vertices are adjacent in the original tree, their path has no internal vertices, so the condition "all internal vertices have type 3" is vacuously true. But we can't add an edge between them because it would create a multi-edge.

So I need to count: (pairs of type-2 vertices in the same component whose path has all type-3 internal vertices) - (adjacent type-2 pairs).

Hmm, but the condition "path has all type-3 internal vertices" is automatically satisfied for any pair of vertices in the same component, since the component only has type-2 and type-3 vertices, and the internal vertices are the ones on the path excluding the endpoints.

Wait, no! The internal vertices could be type-2. For example, if the path is u - w - v where u, w, v are all type-2, then the internal vertex w is type-2, not type-3. So this pair doesn't count.

So the condition is more restrictive. The path from u to v must have all type-3 internal vertices.

Let me think about this more carefully. In a tree component of type-2 and type-3 vertices:
- Type-2 vertices are "endpoints" of paths.
- Type-3 vertices are "junctions" where paths meet.

Actually, I think the structure is as follows. Consider the tree component. Remove all type-2 vertices. The remaining type-3 vertices form a forest (since removing vertices from a tree gives a forest). Each type-2 vertex was either:
1. A leaf in the tree component (connected to one type-3 vertex and one blocked vertex, or connected to two type-3/type-2 vertices but one was blocked).

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me try a cleaner approach.

New approach: For each pair of type-2 vertices (u, v), the path from u to v in the tree must consist entirely of type-3 vertices internally. This means:
- u is type-2.
- v is type-2.
- u and v are not adjacent.
- The path from u to v goes through only type-3 vertices (excluding u and v).

Let me think about this as a flow of "type-2 vertices" through "type-3 vertices".

For each type-3 vertex w, it has 3 neighbors. Each neighbor leads to a subtree. In each subtree, there might be some type-2 vertices reachable via paths of type-3 vertices.

Let me define: for each type-3 vertex w and each of its neighbors n, let f(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree rooted at n (when the tree is rooted at w) that are reachable from w via a path of type-3 vertices.

Wait, this is getting recursive. Let me think about it differently.

Observation: Consider the tree. A valid pair (u, v) consists of two type-2 vertices such that the path between them is a sequence of type-3 vertices (possibly empty, but then u and v are adjacent, which is not allowed).

So the path is: u - w1 - w2 - ... - wk - v, where w1, ..., wk are all type-3 vertices, and k ≥ 1.

This means u and v must be in the same "type-3-connected component", i.e., they must be connected via a path of type-3 vertices.

Let me define: two type-2 vertices u and v are "3-connected" if the path from u to v consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally. The number of valid pairs is the number of 3-connected pairs that are not adjacent.

Now, how to compute this efficiently?

Approach: For each type-3 vertex w, it "connects" its three neighboring subtrees. For each neighbor n of w, let g(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of n (when rooted at w) that are 3-connected to w.

Then, the number of valid pairs that go through w is:
g(w, n1) * g(w, n2) + g(w, n1) * g(w, n3) + g(w, n2) * g(w, n3)

where n1, n2, n3 are the three neighbors of w.

But wait, this overcounts pairs that go through multiple type-3 vertices.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Alternative approach: Consider the tree. For each type-2 vertex u, I want to count the number of type-2 vertices v such that:
- v ≠ u.
- u and v are not adjacent.
- The path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

Let me define: for each type-2 vertex u, let h(u) = number of type-2 vertices v that are 3-connected to u and not adjacent to u.

The answer is sum of h(u) / 2 (since each pair is counted twice).

But computing h(u) for each u is still O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better approach: Think about the tree of type-3 vertices.

Wait, let me think about the problem from a different angle.

Consider the tree. Mark each vertex as type-2, type-3, or blocked. 

For a valid pair (u, v), the path from u to v must go through only type-3 vertices (excluding u and v). This means u and v must be in the same "type-3 component".

A "type-3 component" is a maximal set of vertices such that any two type-2 vertices in the set are connected via a path of type-3 vertices.

Hmm, but this definition is a bit circular. Let me think about it differently.

Consider the graph where:
- Vertices are type-2 and type-3 vertices of the original tree.
- Edges are the edges of the original tree between these vertices.

This is a forest. In this forest, I want to count pairs of type-2 vertices (u, v) such that:
- u and v are not adjacent.
- The path from u to v consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally.

In the forest, the path from u to v might go through type-2 vertices as well. So I need to exclude those pairs.

Let me think about the structure of the forest. In each tree of the forest:
- Type-2 vertices have degree ≤ 2.
- Type-3 vertices have degree ≤ 3.

If I remove all type-2 vertices from the tree, I get a forest of type-3 vertices. Each type-2 vertex was connecting two type-3 vertices (or a type-3 vertex and a blocked vertex, but blocked vertices are not in the forest, so each type-2 vertex in the forest connects two vertices).

Wait, a type-2 vertex in the original tree has exactly 2 neighbors. If both are type-2 or type-3, the type-2 vertex is in the forest with degree 2. If one is blocked, the type-2 vertex is in the forest with degree 1. If both are blocked, the type-2 vertex is isolated (degree 0) and can't form any valid pair.

So in the forest, type-2 vertices have degree 0, 1, or 2.

For a type-2 vertex u with degree 2 in the forest, it connects two other vertices (type-2 or type-3). For a type-2 vertex u with degree 1, it's a leaf.

Now, for a valid pair (u, v), the path from u to v must consist of type-3 vertices internally. This means the path from u to v in the forest must not go through any type-2 vertices (except u and v).

So I need to find pairs of type-2 vertices in the forest such that the path between them (in the forest) consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally.

Let me think about this. In the forest, consider a tree. Remove all type-2 vertices. The remaining type-3 vertices form a forest. Each type-2 vertex was a bridge between two vertices (type-2 or type-3) in the original tree of the forest. After removing type-2 vertices, the type-3 vertices are still connected if they were connected via type-3 vertices only.

Hmm, let me think about a simpler approach.

Approach: Consider the tree. For each type-2 vertex u, do a DFS/BFS from u, only traversing type-3 vertices. Count the number of type-2 vertices reached (excluding u itself and adjacent type-2 vertices).

But this is still O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better approach: Use the tree structure.

For each type-3 vertex w, it has 3 neighbors. For each neighbor n, let c(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices reachable from w through n via paths of type-3 vertices.

Then, the number of valid pairs that "pass through" w (i.e., the path from u to v goes through w) is:
c(w, n1) * c(w, n2) + c(w, n1) * c(w, n3) + c(w, n2) * c(w, n3)

where n1, n2, n3 are the three neighbors of w.

But I also need to handle pairs that don't pass through any type-3 vertex. These are pairs of type-2 vertices that are adjacent in the tree, but we exclude these anyway.

Wait, if u and v are type-2 vertices and they're adjacent, then the path from u to v has no internal vertices, so the condition is vacuously true. But we exclude these pairs because we can't add a multi-edge.

So the valid pairs are exactly those that pass through at least one type-3 vertex.

Now, how to compute c(w, n)?

c(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree rooted at n (when the tree is rooted at w) that are reachable from w via paths of type-3 vertices.

A type-2 vertex u is reachable from w via a path of type-3 vertices through n if:
- u is in the subtree rooted at n.
- The path from n to u consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u).

So c(w, n) counts type-2 vertices in the subtree of n that are "3-connected" to w.

Let me define: a type-2 vertex u is "3-connected" to a type-3 vertex w if the path from u to w consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u and w).

Now, c(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of n that are 3-connected to w.

How to compute this?

For each type-3 vertex w, I can do a DFS from w through type-3 vertices only. Each type-3 vertex I reach, I check its neighbors for type-2 vertices. Each type-2 neighbor is 3-connected to w.

But this is still potentially O(N^2).

Let me think about the structure more carefully.

Consider the subgraph of type-3 vertices only. This is a forest (since it's a subgraph of a tree). In this forest, each type-3 vertex has degree ≤ 3.

For each type-3 vertex w, the number of type-2 vertices 3-connected to w is the number of type-2 neighbors of w in the original tree plus the type-2 vertices 3-connected to w through other type-3 vertices.

Wait, a type-2 vertex u is 3-connected to w if the path from u to w consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u). So u must be a neighbor of some type-3 vertex w' on this path, and the path from w' to w consists of type-3 vertices.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Consider the subgraph of type-3 vertices. This is a forest. For each tree in this forest, I want to count the number of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to any type-3 vertex in this tree.

A type-2 vertex u is 3-connected to a type-3 vertex w in the tree if u is a neighbor of some type-3 vertex w' in the tree, and the path from w' to w is within the tree (i.e., consists of type-3 vertices).

Wait, that's not quite right either. Let me re-examine.

A type-2 vertex u is 3-connected to a type-3 vertex w if the path from u to w consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u). Since u is type-2, it has 2 neighbors. For u to be 3-connected to w, one of u's neighbors must be a type-3 vertex w' on the path from u to w, and the path from w' to w must consist of type-3 vertices.

So u is 3-connected to w if and only if u has a neighbor w' that is a type-3 vertex, and w' is in the same type-3 tree as w.

Now, for each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to some type-3 vertex in T. This is exactly the set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.

For each type-3 vertex w in T, the number of type-2 vertices 3-connected to w is |S(T)|, i.e., all type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.

Wait, that doesn't sound right. Let me re-examine.

A type-2 vertex u is 3-connected to a type-3 vertex w if the path from u to w consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding u). The path from u to w is: u - w' - ... - w, where w' is a type-3 neighbor of u, and the path from w' to w consists of type-3 vertices.

So u is 3-connected to w if and only if u has a type-3 neighbor w' that is in the same type-3 tree as w.

For a type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. Then, for any type-3 vertex w in T, the type-2 vertices 3-connected to w are exactly S(T).

But wait, a type-2 vertex u might have two type-3 neighbors, both in the same type-3 tree T. In that case, u is still 3-connected to any w in T.

Also, a type-2 vertex u might have two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees. In that case, u is 3-connected to type-3 vertices in both trees.

Hmm, but type-3 trees are disconnected in the subgraph of type-3 vertices. If u has neighbors in two different type-3 trees, then u is a "bridge" between them. But in the original tree, the path between type-3 vertices in different trees goes through u, which is type-2. So they're not 3-connected to each other.

Wait, I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me re-examine the problem.

I want to count pairs (u, v) of type-2 vertices such that:
1. u and v are not adjacent in the tree.
2. The path from u to v consists entirely of type-3 vertices internally.

Condition 2 means: the path from u to v is u - w1 - w2 - ... - wk - v, where w1, ..., wk are all type-3 vertices, and k ≥ 1 (since u and v are not adjacent).

Now, let me think about this differently. Consider the tree. For each type-2 vertex u, let R(u) = set of type-2 vertices v such that the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally (and v ≠ u).

The answer is |{(u, v) : u < v, v ∈ R(u)}|.

To compute this, I can use the following observation:

For each type-3 vertex w, let A(w) = set of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to w (i.e., the path from the type-2 vertex to w consists of type-3 vertices, excluding the type-2 vertex).

Then, for two type-2 vertices u and v, v ∈ R(u) if and only if there exists a type-3 vertex w such that u ∈ A(w) and v ∈ A(w) and the path from u to v goes through w.

Hmm, but this is still complicated because the path from u to v might go through multiple type-3 vertices.

Let me think about it differently. 

Key insight: Consider the tree. For a valid pair (u, v), the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally. This path is a sequence of type-3 vertices: u - w1 - w2 - ... - wk - v.

Now, consider the "type-3 skeleton" of the tree. This is the subgraph induced by type-3 vertices. It's a forest.

For each tree T in this forest, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.

Claim: A valid pair (u, v) must have both u and v in S(T) for some type-3 tree T.

Proof: The path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally. The first type-3 vertex on the path (w1) is a neighbor of u. The last type-3 vertex on the path (wk) is a neighbor of v. All type-3 vertices on the path are in the same type-3 tree (since they're connected via type-3 vertices). So u has a neighbor in this tree, and v has a neighbor in this tree.

But wait, the converse is not true. If u and v are both in S(T), the path from u to v might go through type-2 vertices.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

Actually, I think the key observation is:

For a valid pair (u, v), the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally. This means u and v are connected via a path of type-3 vertices (with u and v at the endpoints).

Now, consider the graph where:
- Vertices are type-2 and type-3 vertices.
- Edges connect type-2 vertices to their type-3 neighbors, and type-3 vertices to their type-3 neighbors.

Wait, I think I should consider the graph where:
- Vertices are type-2 vertices.
- Two type-2 vertices u and v are connected if the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

In this graph, I want to count the number of edges minus the number of adjacent type-2 pairs.

But computing this graph is O(N^2) in the worst case.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Approach: For each type-3 vertex w, compute the number of valid pairs that "pass through" w. A pair (u, v) passes through w if w is on the path from u to v.

For a type-3 vertex w with neighbors n1, n2, n3, let c(w, ni) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of ni (when rooted at w) that are 3-connected to w.

Then, the number of valid pairs that pass through w is:
c(w, n1) * c(w, n2) + c(w, n1) * c(w, n3) + c(w, n2) * c(w, n3)

And the total number of valid pairs is the sum over all type-3 vertices.

But wait, this might overcount pairs that pass through multiple type-3 vertices.

Actually, no. Each valid pair (u, v) has a unique path from u to v, and this path has a unique "highest" type-3 vertex (in some rooting). So if I root the tree and count pairs that pass through each type-3 vertex as the "highest" on their path, I won't overcount.

Hmm, but this is getting complicated. Let me think about a simpler approach.

Simpler approach: Consider the tree. For each type-3 vertex w, it has 3 neighbors. For each neighbor n, let f(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of n (when rooted at w) that are reachable from w via a path of type-3 vertices starting with the edge (w, n).

Wait, I think I need to be more careful about the definition.

Let me define: for a type-3 vertex w and a neighbor n of w, let g(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices v in the subtree of n (when rooted at w) such that the path from v to w consists entirely of type-3 vertices (excluding v).

This means: v is type-2, and the path from v to w is v - w1 - w2 - ... - wk - w, where w1, ..., wk are all type-3 vertices.

For this to happen, v must be a neighbor of some type-3 vertex w' in the subtree of n, and the path from w' to w must consist of type-3 vertices.

Now, for a type-3 vertex w with neighbors n1, n2, n3, the number of valid pairs (u, v) where the path from u to v passes through w is:
g(w, n1) * g(w, n2) + g(w, n1) * g(w, n3) + g(w, n2) * g(w, n3)

This is because u must be in one subtree and v in another, and both must be 3-connected to w.

But I need to be careful about pairs where the path doesn't pass through w but goes through other type-3 vertices.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Actually, I think the approach is correct. Each valid pair (u, v) has a path from u to v that consists of type-3 vertices internally. The "highest" type-3 vertex on this path (in some rooting) is unique. So if I sum over all type-3 vertices w the number of pairs that have w as the highest type-3 vertex on their path, I get the total count.

But this requires a rooting, and the "highest" vertex depends on the rooting.

Let me try a different approach. Instead of rooting, let me think about the problem as follows:

For each type-3 vertex w, it "connects" three subtrees. The number of valid pairs that have w as the "middle" type-3 vertex (i.e., the path from u to v goes through w) is:
g(w, n1) * g(w, n2) + g(w, n1) * g(w, n3) + g(w, n2) * g(w, n3)

But this might overcount pairs where the path goes through multiple type-3 vertices.

Wait, no. If the path from u to v goes through multiple type-3 vertices, say w1, w2, ..., wk, then the pair (u, v) is counted at each of these type-3 vertices. So I'm overcounting.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Alternative approach: For each type-3 vertex w, count the number of valid pairs (u, v) such that w is the "first" type-3 vertex on the path from u to v (i.e., u is a neighbor of w, and the path from u to v goes through w).

Wait, that's not quite right either.

Let me try yet another approach.

Approach: For each type-2 vertex u, count the number of type-2 vertices v such that the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

To do this, I can do a DFS/BFS from u, only traversing type-3 vertices. Each type-2 vertex I reach (other than u and adjacent type-2 vertices) is a valid v.

But this is O(N^2) in the worst case.

Better approach: Use the structure of the type-3 forest.

Consider the type-3 forest (subgraph of type-3 vertices). Each tree in this forest has some type-2 vertices attached to it.

For each tree T in the type-3 forest, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.

Claim: For any two type-2 vertices u, v in S(T), the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally if and only if u and v are not adjacent and the path from u to v doesn't go through any other type-2 vertex.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me think about a cleaner formulation.

OK here's another approach. Let me consider the tree and "contract" each maximal path of type-3 vertices into a single node. The resulting structure is a tree where:
- Each "super-node" represents a maximal path of type-3 vertices.
- Type-2 vertices are connected to super-nodes if they have a neighbor in the corresponding path.
- Type-2 vertices are connected to each other if they're adjacent in the original tree.

Wait, this is still complicated.

Let me try a more direct approach.

Approach: Root the tree at some vertex. For each vertex v, compute:
- up[v] = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of v that are 3-connected to v (i.e., the path from the type-2 vertex to v consists of type-3 vertices, excluding the type-2 vertex).
- down[v] = number of type-2 vertices outside the subtree of v that are 3-connected to v.

Then, for each type-3 vertex v, the number of valid pairs that "pass through" v is:
sum over pairs of children c1, c2 of v: up[c1] * up[c2] + up[c1] * down[v] + up[c2] * down[v] + ...

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me think about a simpler approach.

Simpler approach: 

Consider the tree. For each type-3 vertex w, let c(w) = number of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to w.

For each type-3 vertex w, the number of valid pairs (u, v) such that the path from u to v "goes through" w is:
If w has 3 neighbors n1, n2, n3:
  c(w, n1) * c(w, n2) + c(w, n1) * c(w, n3) + c(w, n2) * c(w, n3)
where c(w, ni) = number of type-2 vertices 3-connected to w through the subtree of ni.

But I need to avoid overcounting. Let me think about this more carefully.

Actually, I think the key insight is that each valid pair (u, v) has a unique "middle" type-3 vertex, which is the type-3 vertex on the path from u to v that is closest to the middle of the path.

Hmm, that's not well-defined either.

Let me try a different approach. Root the tree at some vertex. For each type-3 vertex w, define:
- c(w) = number of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to w.

For each type-3 vertex w, the number of valid pairs (u, v) such that w is the LCA of u and v (in the rooted tree) is:
sum over pairs of children c1, c2 of w: c'(w, c1) * c'(w, c2)
where c'(w, c) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of c that are 3-connected to w.

Plus, for pairs where one vertex is in the subtree of w and the other is outside:
sum over children c of w: c'(w, c) * c''(w)
where c''(w) = number of type-2 vertices outside the subtree of w that are 3-connected to w.

This is getting complicated. Let me just implement a straightforward approach and see if it's efficient enough.

Approach: For each type-3 vertex w, compute the number of valid pairs that "pass through" w. Sum these up.

To compute the number of valid pairs that pass through w:
1. For each neighbor n of w, compute the number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of n (when rooted at w) that are 3-connected to w.
2. The number of valid pairs is the sum over pairs of neighbors of the product of the counts.

To compute the count for each neighbor, I can do a DFS from w through type-3 vertices.

But this is O(N * degree) in the worst case, which could be O(N^2).

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Efficient approach: 

1. Compute the type-3 forest (subgraph of type-3 vertices).
2. For each tree T in the type-3 forest, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
3. For each tree T, the number of valid pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) is C(|S(T)|, 2) minus the number of adjacent pairs in S(T).

Wait, but this doesn't account for the constraint that the path from u to v must consist of type-3 vertices internally. If u and v are both in S(T) but the path from u to v goes through a type-2 vertex, then (u, v) is not a valid pair.

Hmm, let me think about when this can happen.

If u and v are both in S(T), then u has a neighbor w1 in T, and v has a neighbor w2 in T. The path from u to v is: u - w1 - ... - w2 - v, where the path from w1 to w2 is within T (consists of type-3 vertices). So the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally, and (u, v) is a valid pair (assuming u and v are not adjacent).

But wait, what if u and v have a common neighbor that is a type-2 vertex? Then the path from u to v might go through this type-2 vertex instead of through T.

Hmm, but in a tree, there's a unique path between any two vertices. So if u has a neighbor w1 in T, and v has a neighbor w2 in T, the path from u to v is u - w1 - ... - w2 - v, where the path from w1 to w2 is the unique path in the tree. If w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree T, then the path from w1 to w2 consists of type-3 vertices.

But what if the path from w1 to w2 goes through a type-2 vertex? That would mean there's a type-2 vertex on the path from w1 to w2, which contradicts w1 and w2 being in the same type-3 tree (since type-3 trees are connected components of type-3 vertices).

So if u and v are both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, then the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

But I also need to check that u and v are not adjacent. If u and v are adjacent type-2 vertices, they're not a valid pair.

So the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

Wait, but I also need to consider type-2 vertices that are in S(T) for multiple type-3 trees T. But that can't happen, because a type-2 vertex has exactly 2 neighbors, and if both are type-3, they must be in the same type-3 tree (since the type-2 vertex connects them).

Hmm, wait. A type-2 vertex u has 2 neighbors. If both are type-3, say w1 and w2, then w1 and w2 are connected via u. But u is type-2, not type-3. So w1 and w2 are not connected via type-3 vertices only. They're in different type-3 trees (or the same tree if there's another path of type-3 vertices between them).

Actually, let me reconsider. A type-2 vertex u has 2 neighbors. Let's say they're n1 and n2.
- If n1 is type-3 and n2 is type-3, then u is in S(T1) and S(T2) where T1 is the type-3 tree containing n1 and T2 is the type-3 tree containing n2. If T1 = T2, then u is in S(T1) only.
- If n1 is type-3 and n2 is not type-3, then u is in S(T1) only.
- If n1 is not type-3 and n2 is not type-3, then u is not in any S(T).

So a type-2 vertex can be in S(T) for at most 2 type-3 trees (if its two neighbors are in different type-3 trees).

But wait, if u's two neighbors n1 and n2 are in different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is in both S(T1) and S(T2). But the path from a type-2 vertex in S(T1) to a type-2 vertex in S(T2) might go through u, which is type-2. So such pairs are not valid.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me reconsider.

Actually, I think the issue is that I'm conflating two things:
1. Type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to a type-3 tree T (i.e., they have a neighbor in T).
2. Pairs of type-2 vertices whose path consists of type-3 vertices internally.

Let me re-examine. If u and v are both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, then:
- u has a neighbor w1 in T.
- v has a neighbor w2 in T.
- The path from u to v is u - w1 - ... - w2 - v, where the path from w1 to w2 is within T.

But wait, the path from w1 to w2 might not be within T. It could go through other vertices (type-2 or type-3 in other trees).

Hmm, in a tree, the path from w1 to w2 is unique. If w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree T, then the path from w1 to w2 is within T (since T is a connected component of type-3 vertices).

But if w1 and w2 are in different type-3 trees, the path from w1 to w2 goes through other vertices, which might include type-2 vertices.

So, if u is in S(T1) and v is in S(T2) where T1 ≠ T2, the path from u to v might go through type-2 vertices.

OK so let me re-examine the problem. I want to count pairs (u, v) of type-2 vertices such that the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

For this, u and v must have type-3 neighbors, and the path between these type-3 neighbors must consist of type-3 vertices.

So, u has a type-3 neighbor w1, v has a type-3 neighbor w2, and the path from w1 to w2 consists of type-3 vertices.

This means w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree T.

So, u and v are both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T.

But I also need to check that u and v are not adjacent.

And I need to handle the case where u has two type-3 neighbors in the same tree T. In this case, u is in S(T), and any type-2 vertex v in S(T) forms a valid pair with u (as long as they're not adjacent).

But wait, if u has two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2 in the same tree T, then u is "inside" T in some sense. The path from u to any other type-2 vertex v in S(T) goes through either w1 or w2, and then through T to v's type-3 neighbor.

Hmm, but u is type-2, so the path from u to v must go through a type-3 vertex. If u has two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2, the path from u to v could go through either w1 or w2.

Actually, in a tree, the path from u to v is unique. So the path from u to v goes through exactly one of w1 or w2 (depending on which side v is on).

OK I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me just implement the following approach:

1. Compute the type-3 forest.
2. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
3. For each type-3 tree T, count the number of valid pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) and u and v not adjacent.

But wait, I also need to handle the case where u is in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2. In this case, u is a "bridge" between T1 and T2, and pairs like (u, v) where v is in S(T1) but not S(T2) might not be valid.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then u has a neighbor w1 in T1 and a neighbor w2 in T2. The path from u to any type-2 vertex v in S(T1) goes through w1 (since v's type-3 neighbor is in T1, and the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor is within T1). So the path from u to v is u - w1 - ... - v's type-3 neighbor - v, which consists of type-3 vertices internally (since w1 and v's type-3 neighbor are in T1, and the path between them is within T1).

Wait, but what if the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor goes through u? That would mean u is on the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor, which would make the path from u to v go through u itself, which is a contradiction.

In a tree, the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor is unique. If u is on this path, then the path from u to v's type-3 neighbor is a subpath of the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor. But u is type-2, so the path from w1 to v's type-3 neighbor goes through a type-2 vertex (u), which contradicts w1 and v's type-3 neighbor being in the same type-3 tree (since type-3 trees are connected components of type-3 vertices).

So, if u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then u is not on the path from any type-3 vertex in T1 to any type-3 vertex in T2 (except as an endpoint).

Hmm, but u is a type-2 vertex, not a type-3 vertex. So u is not in any type-3 tree. The path from a type-3 vertex in T1 to a type-3 vertex in T2 might go through u.

Actually, let me re-examine. If u has two type-3 neighbors w1 in T1 and w2 in T2, then the path from w1 to w2 goes through u. Since u is type-2, w1 and w2 are in different type-3 trees (because the path between them goes through a type-2 vertex).

So, if u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then T1 ≠ T2.

Now, for a type-2 vertex v in S(T1), the path from u to v goes through w1 and then through T1 to v's type-3 neighbor. The path from u to v is u - w1 - ... - v's type-3 neighbor - v. The internal vertices are w1, ..., v's type-3 neighbor, which are all type-3 (since they're in T1). So (u, v) is a valid pair (assuming u and v are not adjacent).

Similarly, for a type-2 vertex v in S(T2), (u, v) is a valid pair.

But what about a type-2 vertex v that is in S(T1) and S(T2)? Then v also has two type-3 neighbors, one in T1 and one in T2. The path from u to v could go through T1 or T2. In a tree, the path is unique, so it goes through one of them. If it goes through T1, the internal vertices are type-3. If it goes through T2, the internal vertices are type-3. So (u, v) is a valid pair.

Wait, but what if the path from u to v goes through a type-2 vertex? Let me think...

If u has neighbors w1 (type-3, in T1) and w2 (type-3, in T2), and v has neighbors w3 (type-3, in T1) and w4 (type-3, in T2), then the path from u to v could be:
- u - w1 - ... - w3 - v (through T1)
- u - w2 - ... - w4 - v (through T2)

In a tree, one of these is the actual path. Both have type-3 internal vertices. So (u, v) is a valid pair.

But wait, what if the path from u to v goes through some other type-2 vertex? Let's say the path is u - w1 - ... - w' - ... - w3 - v, where w' is a type-3 vertex that has a type-2 neighbor x on the path from w1 to w3. But that's not possible, because the path from w1 to w3 is within T1, which consists of type-3 vertices only.

Hmm, but the path from w1 to w3 in the original tree might not be entirely within T1. Let me think...

Actually, T1 is a connected component of type-3 vertices. The path from w1 to w3 within T1 is the unique path in the tree (since T1 is a subtree of the original tree). Wait, no, T1 is a connected component in the subgraph of type-3 vertices, which is a forest. The path from w1 to w3 in the original tree might go through non-type-3 vertices.

Hmm, I think I've been confusing myself. Let me re-examine.

The subgraph of type-3 vertices is a forest. Each tree in this forest is a connected component of type-3 vertices. The path from w1 to w3 within this tree is the unique path in the original tree (since the original graph is a tree, and the subgraph is a subtree).

Wait, no. The subgraph of type-3 vertices is not necessarily a subtree. It's a forest, and each tree in this forest is a subtree of the original tree (since removing vertices from a tree gives a forest, and each component is a subtree).

Hmm, actually, I'm not sure about this. Let me think about it more carefully.

If I remove some vertices from a tree, the remaining graph is a forest. Each tree in this forest is not necessarily a subtree of the original tree. For example, if I remove the root of a star graph, the remaining graph is a set of isolated vertices, which is a forest but not a subtree.

But in our case, we're removing vertices of degree 1, 2, and ≥ 4, and keeping vertices of degree 3. The remaining graph is a forest, and each tree in this forest is a subtree of the original tree (I think).

Actually, let me just verify with an example. Consider a path graph 1-2-3-4-5 where vertices 2 and 4 have degree 2, and vertices 1, 3, 5 have degree 1. If I keep only degree-2 vertices, I get vertices 2 and 4, which are not connected (since vertex 3 is removed). So the remaining graph is two isolated vertices, which is a forest.

In this case, the path from 2 to 4 in the original tree is 2-3-4, which goes through vertex 3 (degree 1, removed). So the path from 2 to 4 in the remaining graph doesn't exist.

OK so the remaining graph is indeed a forest, and the paths in the remaining graph are subpaths of the paths in the original tree.

Now, back to the problem. I want to count pairs (u, v) of type-2 vertices such that the path from u to v in the original tree consists of type-3 vertices internally.

For this, u and v must have type-3 neighbors, and the path between these type-3 neighbors must consist of type-3 vertices.

Let me re-define: for a type-2 vertex u, let N3(u) = set of type-3 neighbors of u.

For two type-2 vertices u and v, the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally if and only if:
- There exist w1 in N3(u) and w2 in N3(v) such that the path from w1 to w2 consists of type-3 vertices.
- u and v are not adjacent.

The path from w1 to w2 consists of type-3 vertices if and only if w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree.

So, for each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. The number of valid pairs with both endpoints in S(T) is C(|S(T)|, 2) minus the number of adjacent pairs.

But wait, I need to be careful. If u is in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is counted in both S(T1) and S(T2). But the pairs (u, v) where v is in S(T1) and (u, v') where v' is in S(T2) are different pairs.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

For each type-2 vertex u, let T(u) = set of type-3 trees that u has a neighbor in. For each type-3 tree T in T(u), u is in S(T).

For two type-2 vertices u and v, (u, v) is a valid pair if and only if:
- T(u) ∩ T(v) ≠ ∅ (i.e., there's a type-3 tree that both u and v have a neighbor in).
- u and v are not adjacent.

So the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs that are both in some S(T))

But I'm overcounting pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

If u is in S(T1) and v is in S(T1), then (u, v) is a valid pair (assuming they're not adjacent and the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally).

If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), and v is in S(T1) only, then (u, v) is a valid pair (the path goes through T1).

If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), and v is in S(T2) only, then (u, v) is a valid pair (the path goes through T2).

If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), and v is in S(T2) and S(T3), then (u, v) is a valid pair (the path goes through T2).

So, for each pair (u, v), I need to check if T(u) ∩ T(v) ≠ ∅ and u and v are not adjacent.

This is still O(N^2) in the worst case.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Approach: For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T). Then, for each pair (u, v) with u, v in S(T), check if (u, v) is a valid pair.

But this is still O(sum of |S(T)|^2), which could be O(N^2).

Better approach: For each type-3 tree T, the number of valid pairs with both endpoints in S(T) is C(|S(T)|, 2) minus the number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T).

But I need to avoid overcounting pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

Wait, can a pair (u, v) be in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2?

If u and v are both in S(T1) and S(T2), then both u and v have neighbors in T1 and T2. This means both u and v have at least 2 type-3 neighbors (one in T1 and one in T2). But type-2 vertices have exactly 2 neighbors. So if u has a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2, then u's two neighbors are both type-3, one in T1 and one in T2.

Similarly for v.

Now, the path from u to v could go through T1 or T2. In a tree, the path is unique, so it goes through one of them. The pair (u, v) is valid if the path consists of type-3 vertices internally, which is true if the path goes through T1 or T2 (since both T1 and T2 consist of type-3 vertices).

So (u, v) is a valid pair, and it's counted in both S(T1) and S(T2). I need to avoid double-counting.

Hmm, let me think about how to avoid double-counting.

Approach: For each valid pair (u, v), count it exactly once. I can do this by assigning each pair to a unique type-3 tree.

For example, I can assign each pair (u, v) to the type-3 tree T such that the path from u to v goes through T, and T is the "smallest" such tree (in some ordering).

But this is complicated. Let me think of a simpler approach.

Simpler approach: For each type-2 vertex u, count the number of type-2 vertices v such that (u, v) is a valid pair. Sum this up and divide by 2.

To count the number of valid v for a given u:
- For each type-3 tree T that u has a neighbor in, count the number of type-2 vertices in S(T) that are not u and not adjacent to u.
- But I need to avoid double-counting v that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Alternative approach: For each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. The number of valid pairs (u, v) such that the path from u to v goes through T is:
C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

But I need to be careful about pairs that go through multiple type-3 trees.

Wait, can a pair (u, v) go through multiple type-3 trees? If u is in S(T1) and v is in S(T2), and T1 ≠ T2, then the path from u to v might go through both T1 and T2. But the path from u to v is unique, and it goes through some sequence of vertices. If the path goes through both T1 and T2, then there must be a type-2 vertex (or a blocked vertex) between T1 and T2 on the path.

Hmm, but if the path goes through a type-2 vertex, then (u, v) is not a valid pair.

So, a valid pair (u, v) must have the path from u to v going through a single type-3 tree T (i.e., all internal vertices are in the same type-3 tree).

Wait, that's not quite right. The internal vertices are type-3 vertices, and they might span multiple type-3 trees if the type-3 trees are connected via type-3 vertices. But type-3 trees are connected components of type-3 vertices, so they're not connected via type-3 vertices.

So, the internal vertices of the path from u to v must all be in the same type-3 tree T.

This means, for a valid pair (u, v), both u and v have a neighbor in the same type-3 tree T.

So, the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

But I need to be careful about double-counting. If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), and v is in S(T1) and S(T2), then the pair (u, v) is counted in both T1 and T2.

Hmm, but if u and v are both in S(T1) and S(T2), then the path from u to v goes through either T1 or T2 (but not both, since T1 and T2 are different connected components).

Wait, let me re-examine. If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then u has a neighbor w1 in T1 and a neighbor w2 in T2. Similarly, if v is in S(T1) and S(T2), then v has a neighbor w3 in T1 and a neighbor w4 in T2.

The path from u to v could go through T1 (u - w1 - ... - w3 - v) or T2 (u - w2 - ... - w4 - v). In a tree, the path is unique, so it goes through one of them.

If the path goes through T1, then (u, v) is a valid pair, and it's associated with T1.
If the path goes through T2, then (u, v) is a valid pair, and it's associated with T2.

So, each valid pair is associated with exactly one type-3 tree. The number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: (number of valid pairs associated with T)

And the number of valid pairs associated with T is:
(number of pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) and the path from u to v goes through T) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T) with the path going through T)

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me think about a simpler approach.

Simpler approach: For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T). Then, for each pair (u, v) with u, v in S(T), check if (u, v) is a valid pair (i.e., the path from u to v goes through T and u and v are not adjacent).

But this is O(sum of |S(T)|^2), which could be O(N^2) in the worst case.

Let me think about the structure more carefully.

Observation: For a type-3 tree T, the type-2 vertices in S(T) are the type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. These type-2 vertices are "attached" to T.

For each type-2 vertex u in S(T), u has a unique neighbor in T (since u has degree 2 in the original tree, and if both neighbors are in T, then... wait, can both neighbors be in T?).

If u has both neighbors in T, then u is "inside" T in some sense. The path from u to any other type-2 vertex v in S(T) goes through one of u's neighbors in T, and then through T to v's neighbor in T.

Hmm, but if u has both neighbors in T, then u is not in S(T') for any other type-3 tree T' (since u's two neighbors are both in T).

Wait, but u is type-2, so u has exactly 2 neighbors. If both are in T, then u is in S(T) only.

If one neighbor is in T and the other is not type-3, then u is in S(T) only.

If one neighbor is in T and the other is in T' (a different type-3 tree), then u is in S(T) and S(T').

So, a type-2 vertex u can be in S(T) for at most 2 type-3 trees (if both of u's neighbors are type-3 and in different trees).

Now, for a type-3 tree T, let S1(T) = set of type-2 vertices in S(T) that have exactly one neighbor in T, and S2(T) = set of type-2 vertices in S(T) that have both neighbors in T.

The number of valid pairs associated with T is:
- Pairs (u, v) where u, v in S(T) and the path from u to v goes through T.
- Minus adjacent pairs.

For u in S1(T) and v in S1(T), the path from u to v goes through T (since both u and v have a neighbor in T, and the path between these neighbors is within T).

For u in S1(T) and v in S2(T), the path from u to v goes through T (since u has a neighbor in T, and v has both neighbors in T, so the path from u's neighbor to either of v's neighbors is within T).

For u in S2(T) and v in S2(T), the path from u to v might or might not go through T. If u and v have neighbors in T such that the path between these neighbors is within T, then the path from u to v goes through T. Otherwise, the path from u to v goes through some other route.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me just implement a straightforward approach.

Implementation:

1. Compute the degree of each vertex.
2. Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices.
3. Compute the type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices).
4. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
5. For each type-3 tree T, count the number of valid pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T).

For step 5, I need to count pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T), u and v not adjacent, and the path from u to v goes through T.

But the condition "the path from u to v goes through T" is equivalent to "the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally", which is equivalent to "u and v have neighbors in T such that the path between these neighbors is within T".

Since T is a connected component of type-3 vertices, the path between any two vertices in T is within T. So, if u and v both have neighbors in T, the path from u to v goes through T (assuming the path doesn't go through any type-2 vertex).

Wait, but the path from u to v might go through a type-2 vertex even if u and v both have neighbors in T. Let me think...

If u has a neighbor w1 in T, and v has a neighbor w2 in T, then the path from u to v is u - w1 - ... - w2 - v, where the path from w1 to w2 is the unique path in the tree. If w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree T, then the path from w1 to w2 is within T (since T is a connected component of type-3 vertices, and the path between any two vertices in T consists of type-3 vertices).

So, if u and v both have neighbors in T, the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

But wait, what if the path from w1 to w2 goes through a type-2 vertex? That would mean there's a type-2 vertex on the path from w1 to w2, which contradicts w1 and w2 being in the same type-3 tree (since type-3 trees are connected components of type-3 vertices, and a type-2 vertex on the path would disconnect them).

Hmm, but in the original tree, the path from w1 to w2 might go through a type-2 vertex. Let me think about this more carefully.

Consider the original tree. The path from w1 to w2 is unique. If this path goes through a type-2 vertex x, then x is on the path from w1 to w2. But w1 and w2 are type-3, and x is type-2. So the path from w1 to w2 is w1 - ... - x - ... - w2, where x is type-2.

But wait, if x is on the path from w1 to w2, then w1 and w2 are not in the same type-3 tree (since the path between them goes through a type-2 vertex, which means they're not connected via type-3 vertices only).

So, if w1 and w2 are in the same type-3 tree, the path from w1 to w2 does not go through any type-2 vertex.

Great, so my earlier reasoning is correct. If u and v both have neighbors in the same type-3 tree T, then the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

Now, the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

But I need to avoid double-counting pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

Let me think about when this can happen. If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then u has a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2. If v is also in S(T1) and S(T2), then v also has a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2.

The path from u to v goes through either T1 or T2 (but not both, since T1 and T2 are different connected components). So the pair (u, v) is associated with exactly one type-3 tree.

But when I compute C(|S(T1)|, 2), I'm counting all pairs in S(T1), including (u, v). And when I compute C(|S(T2)|, 2), I'm also counting (u, v). So I'm double-counting.

To avoid this, I need to count each pair exactly once. One way to do this is to assign each pair to a unique type-3 tree.

Alternative approach: Instead of summing over type-3 trees, I can directly count the number of valid pairs.

For each type-2 vertex u, let N3(u) = set of type-3 neighbors of u. For each type-3 neighbor w of u, let T(w) = type-3 tree containing w.

The number of valid pairs involving u is:
sum over type-3 trees T that u has a neighbor in: (|S(T)| - 1 - (number of type-2 vertices adjacent to u that are in S(T)))

But I need to avoid double-counting. If u has neighbors in T1 and T2, and v is in S(T1) and S(T2), then v is counted in both terms.

Hmm, let me think about this differently.

Alternative approach: For each type-2 vertex u, count the number of type-2 vertices v such that (u, v) is a valid pair. This is the number of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to u (i.e., the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally) and not adjacent to u.

For each type-2 vertex u, let R(u) = set of type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to u and not adjacent to u.

The answer is (sum of |R(u)|) / 2.

To compute R(u), I can do a BFS/DFS from u, only traversing type-3 vertices. Each type-2 vertex I reach (other than u and adjacent type-2 vertices) is in R(u).

But this is O(N^2) in the worst case.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Efficient approach: For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T). Then, for each pair of type-2 vertices u, v in S(T), check if (u, v) is a valid pair.

But this is still O(sum of |S(T)|^2).

Wait, I think I can simplify this. For each type-3 tree T, all pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) are valid pairs (assuming u and v are not adjacent). This is because the path from u to v goes through T, which consists of type-3 vertices.

So, the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

But I need to avoid double-counting.

Let me think about when double-counting can happen. A pair (u, v) is double-counted if u and v are both in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

For u to be in S(T1) and S(T2), u must have a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2. This means u has at least 2 type-3 neighbors, one in T1 and one in T2.

For v to be in S(T1) and S(T2), v must also have at least 2 type-3 neighbors, one in T1 and one in T2.

Now, the pair (u, v) is counted in C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2). But the pair (u, v) should be counted only once.

To avoid double-counting, I can use inclusion-exclusion:
Number of valid pairs = sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) + ...

But this is complicated.

Alternative approach: For each type-2 vertex u, let T(u) = set of type-3 trees that u has a neighbor in. For each type-2 vertex v, let T(v) = set of type-3 trees that v has a neighbor in.

The pair (u, v) is a valid pair if and only if:
- T(u) ∩ T(v) ≠ ∅ (i.e., there's a type-3 tree that both u and v have a neighbor in).
- u and v are not adjacent.

So, the number of valid pairs is:
sum over pairs (u, v) of type-2 vertices: [T(u) ∩ T(v) ≠ ∅] * [u and v are not adjacent]

This is still O(N^2) in the worst case.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Efficient approach: For each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. The number of valid pairs (u, v) such that T ∈ T(u) ∩ T(v) is C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)).

But I need to avoid double-counting pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

Key observation: If u is in S(T1) and S(T2), then u has a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2. This means u is on the "boundary" between T1 and T2. The path from u to any type-2 vertex v in S(T1) (but not S(T2)) goes through T1. The path from u to any type-2 vertex v in S(T2) (but not S(T1)) goes through T2.

For a type-2 vertex v in S(T1) and S(T2), the path from u to v goes through either T1 or T2 (but not both).

So, the pair (u, v) is counted in both C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2), but it should be counted only once.

To avoid double-counting, I can use the following approach:

For each type-2 vertex u, let T(u) = set of type-3 trees that u has a neighbor in. For each type-3 tree T in T(u), let S_T(u) = set of type-2 vertices in S(T) that are "on the same side" as u with respect to T.

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me just implement a straightforward approach and see if it's efficient enough.

Wait, I think there's a simpler approach. Let me re-examine the problem.

For each type-2 vertex u, the number of valid pairs involving u is the number of type-2 vertices v such that:
- v ≠ u.
- u and v are not adjacent.
- The path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally.

For the path from u to v to consist of type-3 vertices internally, u must have a type-3 neighbor w1, and v must have a type-3 neighbor w2, and w1 and w2 must be in the same type-3 tree.

So, for each type-3 neighbor w1 of u, I can count the number of type-2 vertices v that have a type-3 neighbor w2 in the same type-3 tree as w1, and v is not u and not adjacent to u.

Let me define: for a type-3 vertex w, let R(w) = set of type-2 vertices that have w as a neighbor or have a type-3 neighbor in the same type-3 tree as w.

Hmm, this is still complicated.

Let me try a different approach. I'll compute the answer directly using the following observation:

For each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. The number of valid pairs (u, v) such that u and v are both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T))

But I need to subtract the overcounting due to pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

The overcounting for a pair (u, v) is (number of type-3 trees T such that u and v are both in S(T)) - 1.

So, the number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)) - (overcounting)

The overcounting for a pair (u, v) is the number of type-3 trees T such that u and v are both in S(T), minus 1.

Hmm, this is still complicated.

Let me try a different approach. I'll compute the answer by iterating over all pairs of type-2 vertices and checking if they form a valid pair.

But this is O(N^2), which is too slow.

OK let me think about this more carefully. I think the key insight is that for a type-2 vertex u with two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2, u is a "bridge" between the type-3 trees containing w1 and w2.

Let me define: for a type-2 vertex u, if u has two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2 in different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is a "bridge" between T1 and T2.

For a "bridge" u between T1 and T2, the type-2 vertices in S(T1) and S(T2) are all 3-connected to u. So, the valid pairs involving u are:
- (u, v) for v in S(T1) ∪ S(T2), v ≠ u, v not adjacent to u.

But I need to be careful about double-counting when summing over all type-2 vertices.

Actually, let me just implement the following approach:

1. Compute the degree of each vertex.
2. Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices.
3. Compute the type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices).
4. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
5. For each type-3 tree T, add C(|S(T)|, 2) to the answer.
6. Subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs.
7. Subtract the overcounting due to pairs that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2.

For step 7, I need to compute the overcounting. For each pair of type-2 vertices (u, v) that are both in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2, I need to subtract 1 from the answer (since the pair is counted twice in step 5).

To compute this, I can iterate over all type-2 vertices u that have two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees. For each such u, I iterate over all type-2 vertices v that also have two type-3 neighbors in the same pair of type-3 trees. But this is O(N^2) in the worst case.

Hmm, let me think about a more efficient approach.

Actually, I realize that the overcounting is more nuanced. Let me re-examine.

For a pair (u, v) of type-2 vertices, the pair is counted in C(|S(T)|, 2) for each type-3 tree T such that u and v are both in S(T). The number of such trees is |T(u) ∩ T(v)|, where T(u) and T(v) are the sets of type-3 trees that u and v have neighbors in.

The pair should be counted once if it's a valid pair (i.e., |T(u) ∩ T(v)| ≥ 1 and u and v are not adjacent), and zero times otherwise.

So, the overcounting for a valid pair (u, v) is |T(u) ∩ T(v)| - 1.

The total overcounting is:
sum over valid pairs (u, v): (|T(u) ∩ T(v)| - 1)

This is still complicated to compute efficiently.

Let me try a different approach. I'll compute the answer directly by iterating over all pairs of type-2 vertices and checking if they form a valid pair. But I'll use a more efficient method.

For each type-3 tree T, let S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T. The valid pairs are exactly the pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, and u and v are not adjacent.

To count these pairs without double-counting, I can use the following approach:

For each type-2 vertex u, let T(u) = set of type-3 trees that u has a neighbor in. For each type-3 tree T in T(u), let S_T(u) = set of type-2 vertices in S(T) that are "reachable" from u through T.

Hmm, this is still complicated.

Let me just implement a straightforward O(N^2) approach and see if it's efficient enough for the given constraints.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read the problem constraints. N ≤ 2 × 10^5. An O(N^2) approach would be too slow.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Efficient approach:

1. Compute the degree of each vertex.
2. Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices.
3. Compute the type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices).
4. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
5. Compute the answer using the formula:
   Answer = sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)) - (overcounting)

For step 5, I need to compute the overcounting efficiently.

Observation: The overcounting only occurs for pairs (u, v) where both u and v have neighbors in multiple type-3 trees. Specifically, if u has neighbors in type-3 trees T1 and T2, and v also has neighbors in T1 and T2, then the pair (u, v) is counted twice.

Let me define: for a type-2 vertex u, if u has two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2 in different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is a "bridge" between T1 and T2.

For a bridge u between T1 and T2, the type-2 vertices that are also bridges between T1 and T2 are exactly the type-2 vertices in S(T1) ∩ S(T2).

The overcounting due to bridges between T1 and T2 is C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2).

So, the total overcounting is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

But this is still complicated to compute efficiently.

Actually, let me re-examine. For a pair (u, v) to be in S(T1) and S(T2), both u and v must have neighbors in both T1 and T2. This means both u and v have at least 2 type-3 neighbors, one in T1 and one in T2.

For a type-2 vertex u, u has exactly 2 neighbors. If both are type-3, one in T1 and one in T2, then u is a bridge between T1 and T2.

So, |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)| is the number of type-2 vertices that have one neighbor in T1 and one neighbor in T2.

The overcounting is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

But I also need to subtract the adjacent pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2).

Hmm, this is getting complicated. Let me just implement the approach and see.

Actually, I think there's a simpler way to think about this. Let me re-examine the problem.

For each valid pair (u, v), the path from u to v consists of type-3 vertices internally. This path is unique (since the graph is a tree). The "middle" of this path is some type-3 vertex w (or the path is of length 2, in which case u and v are both neighbors of the same type-3 vertex).

Wait, let me think about this differently. For each type-3 vertex w, it has 3 neighbors. For each pair of neighbors (n1, n2) of w, the type-2 vertices reachable from w through n1 (via type-3 vertices) and the type-2 vertices reachable from w through n2 (via type-3 vertices) form valid pairs.

Let me define: for a type-3 vertex w and a neighbor n of w, let c(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices reachable from w through n via type-3 vertices.

Then, the number of valid pairs that "pass through" w is:
c(w, n1) * c(w, n2) + c(w, n1) * c(w, n3) + c(w, n2) * c(w, n3)

where n1, n2, n3 are the three neighbors of w.

But I need to be careful about overcounting. A pair (u, v) might pass through multiple type-3 vertices.

Wait, in a tree, the path from u to v is unique. If the path consists of type-3 vertices internally, then each type-3 vertex on the path is "passed through". So, the pair (u, v) is counted multiple times if I sum over all type-3 vertices.

To avoid overcounting, I can use the following approach:

Root the tree at some vertex. For each type-3 vertex w, count the number of valid pairs (u, v) such that w is the LCA of u and v.

But this is complicated because u and v might not be in the subtree of w.

Let me try a different approach.

Approach: For each type-3 vertex w, count the number of valid pairs (u, v) such that w is the "first" type-3 vertex on the path from u to v.

Hmm, this is not well-defined.

Let me try yet another approach.

Approach: For each type-2 vertex u, count the number of type-2 vertices v such that (u, v) is a valid pair. Sum this up and divide by 2.

For each type-2 vertex u, the valid vertices v are those that are 3-connected to u and not adjacent to u.

To compute the number of 3-connected type-2 vertices for each type-2 vertex u, I can use the following approach:

1. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
2. For each type-2 vertex u, the number of 3-connected type-2 vertices is the size of the union of S(T) for all type-3 trees T that u has a neighbor in, minus u itself and minus the adjacent type-2 vertices.

But computing the union is complicated.

Let me just implement a BFS/DFS approach for each type-2 vertex.

Actually, I think the following approach works:

1. Compute the degree of each vertex.
2. Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices.
3. Compute the type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices).
4. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
5. For each type-3 tree T, add C(|S(T)|, 2) to the answer.
6. Subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs.
7. Subtract the overcounting.

For step 7, the overcounting is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2))

Wait, I think I need to be more careful. Let me re-examine.

For a pair (u, v) of type-2 vertices, the pair is valid if and only if:
- u and v are not adjacent.
- There exists a type-3 tree T such that u and v are both in S(T).

The number of valid pairs is:
sum over type-3 trees T: (number of pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T), u ≠ v, u and v not adjacent, and T is the "first" type-3 tree that both u and v have a neighbor in)

But "first" is not well-defined.

Alternative: Use inclusion-exclusion.

Number of valid pairs = sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)) - (overcounting)

The overcounting is the number of times each valid pair is counted more than once.

For a valid pair (u, v), the number of times it's counted is |{T : u, v ∈ S(T)}|.

So, the overcounting is:
sum over valid pairs (u, v): (|{T : u, v ∈ S(T)}| - 1)

This is still complicated.

Let me try a different approach. I'll compute the answer directly by iterating over all type-3 vertices and counting the valid pairs that "pass through" each type-3 vertex.

For a type-3 vertex w, the number of valid pairs that pass through w is:
sum over pairs of neighbors (n1, n2) of w: c(w, n1) * c(w, n2)

where c(w, n) = number of type-2 vertices in the subtree of n (when rooted at w) that are reachable from w through n via type-3 vertices.

But I need to be careful about overcounting. A pair (u, v) might pass through multiple type-3 vertices.

Wait, in a tree, the path from u to v is unique. If the path consists of type-3 vertices internally, then the path is u - w1 - w2 - ... - wk - v, where w1, ..., wk are type-3 vertices. The pair (u, v) passes through each of w1, ..., wk.

So, if I sum over all type-3 vertices w the number of valid pairs that pass through w, I'm overcounting.

To avoid overcounting, I can count each pair exactly once by assigning it to a unique type-3 vertex on the path. For example, I can assign each pair to the type-3 vertex on the path that is closest to u (or v, or the middle of the path).

But this is complicated to implement.

Let me try a different approach.

Approach: For each type-2 vertex u, count the number of type-2 vertices v such that (u, v) is a valid pair. Sum this up and divide by 2.

For each type-2 vertex u, I can do a BFS/DFS from u, only traversing type-3 vertices. Each type-2 vertex I reach (other than u and adjacent type-2 vertices) is a valid v.

But this is O(N^2) in the worst case.

Hmm, let me think about the structure more carefully.

Observation: The type-2 vertices that are 3-connected to a type-2 vertex u are exactly the type-2 vertices in S(T) for some type-3 tree T that u has a neighbor in.

So, for a type-2 vertex u, the number of 3-connected type-2 vertices is:
|union of S(T) for all type-3 trees T that u has a neighbor in| - 1 (for u itself)

And the number of valid pairs involving u is:
|union of S(T) for all type-3 trees T that u has a neighbor in| - 1 - (number of adjacent type-2 vertices of u that are 3-connected to u)

But computing the union is still complicated.

Let me just implement the O(N^2) approach and see if it's efficient enough. Actually, N ≤ 2 × 10^5, so O(N^2) is too slow.

Let me think about a more efficient approach.

Efficient approach:

1. Compute the degree of each vertex.
2. Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices.
3. Compute the type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices).
4. For each type-3 tree T, compute S(T) = set of type-2 vertices that have a neighbor in T.
5. Compute the answer using the formula:
   Answer = sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (overcounting) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs)

For the overcounting, I need to compute:
sum over valid pairs (u, v): (|{T : u, v ∈ S(T)}| - 1)

This is equivalent to:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2))

Wait, that's not quite right. Let me re-examine.

For a pair (u, v) with u, v ∈ S(T1) ∩ S(T2), the pair is counted in both C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2). So, the overcounting for this pair is 1 (it's counted twice instead of once).

So, the total overcounting is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: (number of valid pairs (u, v) with u, v ∈ S(T1) ∩ S(T2))

= sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2))

But this is still complicated to compute efficiently.

Let me think about the structure of S(T1) ∩ S(T2). For a type-2 vertex u to be in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), u must have a neighbor in T1 and a neighbor in T2. Since u has degree 2, u's two neighbors are one in T1 and one in T2.

So, |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)| is the number of type-2 vertices that have one neighbor in T1 and one neighbor in T2.

For two type-2 vertices u, v in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), u and v are adjacent if and only if they're neighbors in the original tree. But u and v both have one neighbor in T1 and one neighbor in T2. For u and v to be adjacent, one of u's neighbors must be v, and one of v's neighbors must be u. But u's neighbors are in T1 and T2, and v's neighbors are in T1 and T2. So, for u and v to be adjacent, one of them must be the other's neighbor, which means one of them is in T1 or T2. But u and v are type-2, not type-3. So, u and v can't be adjacent if they're both in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) (since their neighbors are type-3 vertices in T1 and T2).

Wait, that's not right. Let me re-examine.

A type-2 vertex u has two neighbors. If u is in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), then one neighbor is in T1 and the other is in T2. Both neighbors are type-3 vertices.

For two type-2 vertices u and v in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), u and v are adjacent if and only if one of u's neighbors is v, or one of v's neighbors is u. But u's neighbors are type-3 vertices, and v is type-2. So, u's neighbors can't be v. Similarly, v's neighbors can't be u.

So, two type-2 vertices in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) can't be adjacent.

Therefore, the overcounting is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

And the answer is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)) - sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

Now, I need to compute this efficiently.

For the first term, I can compute it by iterating over all type-3 trees and computing C(|S(T)|, 2).

For the second term, I can compute it by iterating over all edges and checking if both endpoints are type-2.

For the third term, I need to compute C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) for all pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2.

To compute |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, I can iterate over all type-2 vertices and check which type-3 trees they have neighbors in.

For a type-2 vertex u, if u has two type-3 neighbors w1 and w2 in different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is in S(T1) ∩ S(T2).

So, |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)| is the number of type-2 vertices that have one neighbor in T1 and one neighbor in T2.

I can compute this by iterating over all type-2 vertices and for each one, checking if it has two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees.

Let me implement this approach.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1
        v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    # Compute degree of each vertex
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    # Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices
    type2 = [i for i in range(N) if deg[i] == 2]
    type3 = [i for i in range(N) if deg[i] == 3]
    
    # Compute type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices)
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N  # type3_tree[i] = index of type-3 tree containing i (if i is type-3)
    tree_index = 0
    for v in type3:
        if not visited[v]:
            # BFS
            queue = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while queue:
                u = queue.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        queue.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    num_trees = tree_index
    
    # Compute S(T) for each type-3 tree T
    S = [set() for _ in range(num_trees)]
    for u in type2:
        for v in adj[u]:
            if deg[v] == 3:
                S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    # Compute the answer
    ans = 0
    
    # First term: sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2)
    for t in range(num_trees):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    # Second term: number of adjacent type-2 pairs
    adj_type2_pairs = 0
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            adj_type2_pairs += 1
    ans -= adj_type2_pairs
    
    # Third term: overcounting
    # For each type-2 vertex u, if u has two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees T1 and T2,
    # then u is in S(T1) ∩ S(T2).
    # I need to compute C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) for all pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2.
    
    # First, compute the intersection sizes
    intersection = defaultdict(int)  # (T1, T2) -> |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|
    for u in type2:
        type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
        if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
            T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
            intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for (T1, T2), cnt in intersection.items():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I think there's an issue. Let me re-examine the overcounting.

For a pair (u, v) with u, v ∈ S(T1) and u, v ∈ S(T2), the pair is counted in both C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2). So, the overcounting for this pair is 1 (it's counted twice instead of once).

But wait, I also subtracted the adjacent type-2 pairs. If u and v are adjacent and both in S(T1) and S(T2), then the pair is counted in C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2), and subtracted in the "adjacent type-2 pairs" term. So, the net count is 2 - 1 = 1, but it should be 0 (since the pair is adjacent).

Hmm, I think I need to be more careful.

Let me re-examine. For a pair (u, v):
- If u and v are adjacent, the pair should not be counted.
- If u and v are not adjacent and both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, the pair should be counted once.

So, the answer is:
(number of non-adjacent pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) for some type-3 tree T)

= sum over type-3 trees T: (number of non-adjacent pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T)) - (overcounting)

The overcounting is the number of times each non-adjacent pair is counted more than once.

For a non-adjacent pair (u, v) with u, v in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, the number of times it's counted is |{T : u, v ∈ S(T)}|.

So, the overcounting is:
sum over non-adjacent pairs (u, v) with u, v in S(T) for some type-3 tree T: (|{T : u, v ∈ S(T)}| - 1)

This is equivalent to:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: (number of non-adjacent pairs (u, v) with u, v ∈ S(T1) ∩ S(T2))

Since two type-2 vertices in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) can't be adjacent (as I argued earlier), this is:
sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

So, the answer is:
sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2) - (number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T)) - sum over pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2 with T1 ≠ T2: C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2)

But wait, I need to be more careful about the "adjacent type-2 pairs" term. Let me re-examine.

For a pair (u, v) with u, v in S(T), the pair is counted in C(|S(T)|, 2). If u and v are adjacent, the pair should not be counted. So, I need to subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T).

But if u and v are adjacent and both in S(T1) and S(T2), then the pair is counted in both C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2), and subtracted in the "adjacent type-2 pairs" term. But the "adjacent type-2 pairs" term only subtracts once for each adjacent pair, not once for each type-3 tree.

So, I need to subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs (regardless of which type-3 trees they're in).

Wait, but I also need to subtract the overcounting. Let me re-examine.

For an adjacent type-2 pair (u, v):
- If u and v are both in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, the pair is counted in C(|S(T)|, 2).
- The pair should not be counted.

So, I need to subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs that are in S(T) for some type-3 tree T.

But wait, if u and v are adjacent type-2 vertices, then u and v are neighbors in the tree. For u and v to both be in S(T), both u and v must have a neighbor in T. But u's neighbors are v and some other vertex w1. v's neighbors are u and some other vertex w2. For u to have a neighbor in T, w1 must be in T (since v is type-2, not type-3). For v to have a neighbor in T, w2 must be in T.

So, an adjacent type-2 pair (u, v) is in S(T) if and only if u's other neighbor w1 is in T and v's other neighbor w2 is in T.

If w1 and w2 are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree T, then (u, v) is in S(T).

If w1 and w2 are both type-3 but in different type-3 trees T1 and T2, then u is in S(T1) (since w1 is in T1) and v is in S(T2) (since w2 is in T2). So, (u, v) is not in S(T1) or S(T2) (since u is not in S(T2) and v is not in S(T1)).

Wait, let me re-examine. For u to be in S(T), u must have a neighbor in T. u's neighbors are v and w1. v is type-2, so v is not in T. w1 might be in T if w1 is type-3 and in T.

So, u is in S(T) if and only if w1 is in T (i.e., w1 is type-3 and type3_tree[w1] = T).

Similarly, v is in S(T) if and only if w2 is in T.

For (u, v) to be in S(T), both u and v must be in S(T), which means both w1 and w2 must be in T.

If w1 and w2 are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree T, then (u, v) is in S(T).

If w1 and w2 are both type-3 but in different type-3 trees, then (u, v) is not in any S(T).

So, an adjacent type-2 pair (u, v) is in S(T) for at most one type-3 tree T.

Therefore, the number of adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T) for some type-3 tree T is the number of adjacent type-2 pairs (u, v) such that u's other neighbor and v's other neighbor are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree.

OK so let me re-implement the solution.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1
        v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    # Compute degree of each vertex
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    # Identify type-2 and type-3 vertices
    type2 = set(i for i in range(N) if deg[i] == 2)
    type3 = set(i for i in range(N) if deg[i] == 3)
    
    # Compute type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices)
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N  # type3_tree[i] = index of type-3 tree containing i (if i is type-3)
    tree_index = 0
    for v in range(N):
        if deg[v] == 3 and not visited[v]:
            # BFS
            queue = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while queue:
                u = queue.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        queue.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    num_trees = tree_index
    
    # Compute S(T) for each type-3 tree T
    S = [set() for _ in range(num_trees)]
    for u in type2:
        for v in adj[u]:
            if deg[v] == 3:
                S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    # Compute the answer
    ans = 0
    
    # First term: sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2)
    for t in range(num_trees):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    # Second term: number of adjacent type-2 pairs that are in S(T) for some type-3 tree T
    adj_type2_pairs_in_S = 0
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            # Check if (u, v) is in S(T) for some type-3 tree T
            # u's other neighbor
            u_other = [w for w in adj[u] if w != v][0]
            # v's other neighbor
            v_other = [w for w in adj[v] if w != u][0]
            # Check if u_other and v_other are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree
            if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
                adj_type2_pairs_in_S += 1
    ans -= adj_type2_pairs_in_S
    
    # Third term: overcounting
    # For each type-2 vertex u, if u has two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees T1 and T2,
    # then u is in S(T1) ∩ S(T2).
    # I need to compute C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) for all pairs of type-3 trees T1, T2.
    
    # First, compute the intersection sizes
    intersection = defaultdict(int)  # (T1, T2) -> |S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|
    for u in type2:
        type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
        if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
            T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
            intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for (T1, T2), cnt in intersection.items():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Let me test this on the sample inputs.

Sample 1:
N = 6
Edges: 1-2, 2-3, 3-4, 4-5, 3-6
Degrees: 1:1, 2:2, 3:3, 4:2, 5:1, 6:1
Type-2 vertices: 2, 4 (0-indexed: 1, 3)
Type-3 vertices: 3 (0-indexed: 2)

Type-3 forest: just vertex 2 (0-indexed), tree index 0.

S(0) = {1, 3} (0-indexed type-2 vertices that have a type-3 neighbor)

First term: C(2, 2) = 1
Second term: Check adjacent type-2 pairs. Edge 2-3 (1-2 in 0-indexed) has deg[1]=2 and deg[2]=3, so not both type-2. Edge 3-4 (2-3 in 0-indexed) has deg[2]=3 and deg[3]=2, so not both type-2. No adjacent type-2 pairs.
Third term: No overcounting (only one type-3 tree).

Answer: 1. Correct!

Sample 2:
N = 7
Edges: 1-2, 2-7, 3-5, 7-3, 6-2, 4-7
Let me compute degrees:
1: neighbor 2, degree 1
2: neighbors 1, 7, 6, degree 3
3: neighbors 5, 7, degree 2
4: neighbor 7, degree 1
5: neighbor 3, degree 1
6: neighbor 2, degree 1
7: neighbors 2, 3, 4, degree 3

Type-2 vertices: 3 (0-indexed: 2)
Type-3 vertices: 2, 7 (0-indexed: 1, 6)

Type-3 forest: vertices 1 and 6. Are they connected? Edge 2-7 (1-6 in 0-indexed) connects them. So they're in the same type-3 tree, tree index 0.

S(0) = {2} (0-indexed type-2 vertex 2, which is vertex 3)

First term: C(1, 2) = 0
Second term: 0
Third term: 0

Answer: 0. Correct!

Sample 3:
Let me trace through this more carefully.

N = 15
Edges: 1-15, 11-14, 2-10, 1-7, 9-8, 6-9, 4-12, 14-5, 4-9, 8-11, 7-4, 1-13, 3-6, 11-10

Let me compute degrees (1-indexed):
1: neighbors 15, 7, 13, degree 3
2: neighbor 10, degree 1
3: neighbor 6, degree 1
4: neighbors 12, 9, 7, degree 3
5: neighbor 14, degree 1
6: neighbors 9, 3, degree 2
7: neighbors 1, 4, degree 2
8: neighbors 9, 11, degree 2
9: neighbors 8, 6, 4, degree 3
10: neighbors 2, 11, degree 2
11: neighbors 14, 8, 10, degree 3
12: neighbor 4, degree 1
13: neighbor 1, degree 1
14: neighbors 11, 5, degree 2
15: neighbor 1, degree 1

Type-2 vertices (1-indexed): 6, 7, 8, 10, 14
Type-3 vertices (1-indexed): 1, 4, 9, 11

Type-3 forest:
- Vertex 1: neighbors 15, 7, 13. None are type-3. So vertex 1 is isolated.
- Vertex 4: neighbors 12, 9, 7. Vertex 9 is type-3. So vertices 4 and 9 are connected.
- Vertex 9: neighbors 8, 6, 4. Vertex 4 is type-3. So vertices 4 and 9 are connected.
- Vertex 11: neighbors 14, 8, 10. None are type-3. So vertex 11 is isolated.

Type-3 trees:
- Tree 0: vertex 1
- Tree 1: vertices 4, 9
- Tree 2: vertex 11

S(0) = type-2 vertices with a neighbor in tree 0 = {7} (vertex 7 has neighbor 1)
S(1) = type-2 vertices with a neighbor in tree 1 = {6, 7, 8} (vertex 6 has neighbor 9, vertex 7 has neighbor 4, vertex 8 has neighbor 9)
S(2) = type-2 vertices with a neighbor in tree 2 = {8, 10, 14} (vertex 8 has neighbor 11, vertex 10 has neighbor 11, vertex 14 has neighbor 11)

First term: C(1, 2) + C(3, 2) + C(3, 2) = 0 + 3 + 3 = 6

Second term: Check adjacent type-2 pairs.
Edges: 1-15, 11-14, 2-10, 1-7, 9-8, 6-9, 4-12, 14-5, 4-9, 8-11, 7-4, 1-13, 3-6, 11-10
Adjacent type-2 pairs: None of the edges connect two type-2 vertices.

Wait, let me check again. Type-2 vertices are 6, 7, 8, 10, 14.
- Edge 6-9: 6 is type-2, 9 is type-3. Not both type-2.
- Edge 1-7: 1 is type-3, 7 is type-2. Not both type-2.
- Edge 9-8: 9 is type-3, 8 is type-2. Not both type-2.
- Edge 8-11: 8 is type-2, 11 is type-3. Not both type-2.
- Edge 7-4: 7 is type-2, 4 is type-3. Not both type-2.
- Edge 3-6: 3 is type-1, 6 is type-2. Not both type-2.
- Edge 11-10: 11 is type-3, 10 is type-2. Not both type-2.
- Edge 11-14: 11 is type-3, 14 is type-2. Not both type-2.
- Edge 2-10: 2 is type-1, 10 is type-2. Not both type-2.

No adjacent type-2 pairs. Second term = 0.

Third term: Overcounting.
Type-2 vertices with two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees:
- Vertex 6: neighbors 9, 3. 9 is type-3 (tree 1), 3 is type-1. Only one type-3 neighbor.
- Vertex 7: neighbors 1, 4. 1 is type-3 (tree 0), 4 is type-3 (tree 1). Two type-3 neighbors in different trees!
- Vertex 8: neighbors 9, 11. 9 is type-3 (tree 1), 11 is type-3 (tree 2). Two type-3 neighbors in different trees!
- Vertex 10: neighbors 2, 11. 2 is type-1, 11 is type-3 (tree 2). Only one type-3 neighbor.
- Vertex 14: neighbors 11, 5. 11 is type-3 (tree 2), 5 is type-1. Only one type-3 neighbor.

Intersection (tree 0, tree 1): vertex 7. |S(0) ∩ S(1)| = 1. C(1, 2) = 0.
Intersection (tree 1, tree 2): vertex 8. |S(1) ∩ S(2)| = 1. C(1, 2) = 0.
Intersection (tree 0, tree 2): none. |S(0) ∩ S(2)| = 0. C(0, 2) = 0.

Third term = 0.

Answer: 6 - 0 - 0 = 6. Correct!

Great, the solution seems to work. Let me clean up the code.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1
        v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    # Compute degree of each vertex
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    # Compute type-3 forest (connected components of type-3 vertices)
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N
    tree_index = 0
    for v in range(N):
        if deg[v] == 3 and not visited[v]:
            queue = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while queue:
                u = queue.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        queue.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    num_trees = tree_index
    
    # Compute S(T) for each type-3 tree T
    S_size = [0] * num_trees
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            for v in adj[u]:
                if deg[v] == 3:
                    S_size[type3_tree[v]] += 1
                    break  # Count each type-2 vertex once per tree
    
    # Wait, I need to count each type-2 vertex once per tree it belongs to.
    # Let me redo this.
    
    S = [set() for _ in range(num_trees)]
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            for v in adj[u]:
                if deg[v] == 3:
                    S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    # Compute the answer
    ans = 0
    
    # First term: sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2)
    for t in range(num_trees):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    # Second term: number of adjacent type-2 pairs that are in S(T) for some type-3 tree T
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            # Check if (u, v) is in S(T) for some type-3 tree T
            u_other = [w for w in adj[u] if w != v][0]
            v_other = [w for w in adj[v] if w != u][0]
            if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
                ans -= 1
    
    # Third term: overcounting
    intersection = defaultdict(int)
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
            if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
                T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
                intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for (T1, T2), cnt in intersection.items():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, I think there might be an issue with the second term. Let me re-examine.

For an adjacent type-2 pair (u, v), I need to check if (u, v) is in S(T) for some type-3 tree T. This means both u and v must have a neighbor in T.

u's neighbors are v and some other vertex u_other. v's neighbors are u and some other vertex v_other.

For u to be in S(T), u_other must be a type-3 vertex in T.
For v to be in S(T), v_other must be a type-3 vertex in T.

So, (u, v) is in S(T) if and only if u_other and v_other are both type-3 vertices in T.

If u_other and v_other are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree T, then (u, v) is in S(T).

But wait, I'm counting (u, v) in C(|S(T)|, 2) for each type-3 tree T that (u, v) is in. But (u, v) is an adjacent pair, so it should not be counted at all.

So, I need to subtract the number of adjacent type-2 pairs that are in S(T) for some type-3 tree T, but I need to be careful about overcounting.

Actually, I think the issue is that an adjacent type-2 pair (u, v) can be in S(T) for at most one type-3 tree T (as I argued earlier). So, I just need to subtract 1 for each adjacent type-2 pair that is in S(T) for some type-3 tree T.

Let me re-examine the code. The second term is:
```python
for u, v in edges:
    if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
        u_other = [w for w in adj[u] if w != v][0]
        v_other = [w for w in adj[v] if w != u][0]
        if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
            ans -= 1
```

This looks correct. For each adjacent type-2 pair (u, v), I check if u_other and v_other are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree. If so, I subtract 1 from the answer.

But wait, I need to make sure that the pair (u, v) is actually in S(T) for the type-3 tree T containing u_other and v_other. Let me verify.

u is in S(T) if u has a type-3 neighbor in T. u's type-3 neighbor is u_other (if u_other is type-3). So, u is in S(type3_tree[u_other]) if u_other is type-3.

Similarly, v is in S(type3_tree[v_other]) if v_other is type-3.

If u_other and v_other are both type-3 and in the same type-3 tree T, then u and v are both in S(T), so (u, v) is in S(T).

So, the code is correct.

Let me also verify the third term. The overcounting is due to pairs (u, v) that are in S(T1) and S(T2) for different type-3 trees T1 and T2. For such pairs, I'm counting them twice (once in C(|S(T1)|, 2) and once in C(|S(T2)|, 2)), but they should be counted only once.

So, I need to subtract C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) for each pair of type-3 trees T1, T2.

But wait, I also need to check that the pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) are not adjacent. If a pair (u, v) in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) is adjacent, then it's already been subtracted in the second term, so I shouldn't subtract it again in the third term.

Hmm, let me think about this more carefully.

For a pair (u, v) in S(T1) ∩ S(T2):
- If (u, v) is adjacent, then it's counted in C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2), and subtracted in the second term. So, the net count is 2 - 1 = 1, but it should be 0.
- If (u, v) is not adjacent, then it's counted in C(|S(T1)|, 2) and C(|S(T2)|, 2), and not subtracted in the second term. So, the net count is 2, but it should be 1.

So, for adjacent pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), I need to subtract 1 more. For non-adjacent pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), I need to subtract 1.

Wait, but I argued earlier that two type-2 vertices in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) can't be adjacent. Let me re-verify.

For u and v to be in S(T1) ∩ S(T2), both u and v must have a type-3 neighbor in T1 and a type-3 neighbor in T2. Since u and v are type-2, they each have exactly 2 neighbors. So, u's neighbors are one type-3 vertex in T1 and one type-3 vertex in T2. Similarly for v.

For u and v to be adjacent, one of u's neighbors must be v. But u's neighbors are type-3 vertices, and v is type-2. So, u's neighbors can't be v. Similarly, v's neighbors can't be u.

So, two type-2 vertices in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) can't be adjacent.

Therefore, all pairs in S(T1) ∩ S(T2) are non-adjacent, and I need to subtract C(|S(T1) ∩ S(T2)|, 2) for each pair of type-3 trees T1, T2.

The code for the third term looks correct.

Let me also handle the edge case where there are no type-3 vertices. In this case, there are no type-3 trees, and the answer is 0.

Let me also handle the edge case where there are type-3 vertices but no type-2 vertices. In this case, S(T) is empty for all type-3 trees, and the answer is 0.

I think the code is correct. Let me clean it up.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1
        v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    # Compute type-3 forest
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N
    tree_index = 0
    for v in range(N):
        if deg[v] == 3 and not visited[v]:
            queue = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while queue:
                u = queue.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        queue.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    num_trees = tree_index
    
    # Compute S(T) for each type-3 tree T
    S = [set() for _ in range(num_trees)]
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            for v in adj[u]:
                if deg[v] == 3:
                    S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    ans = 0
    
    # First term
    for t in range(num_trees):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    # Second term
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            u_other = adj[u][0] if adj[u][1] == v else adj[u][1]
            v_other = adj[v][0] if adj[v][1] == u else adj[v][1]
            if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
                ans -= 1
    
    # Third term
    intersection = defaultdict(int)
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
            if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
                T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
                intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for cnt in intersection.values():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

Wait, there's a bug in the second term. The line `u_other = adj[u][0] if adj[u][1] == v else adj[u][1]` assumes that adj[u] has exactly 2 elements, which is true for type-2 vertices. But I should be more careful.

Actually, for a type-2 vertex u, deg[u] == 2, so adj[u] has exactly 2 elements. So the code is correct.

But let me double-check. If u is type-2, then adj[u] = [v1, v2] where v1 and v2 are u's two neighbors. If v is one of them, then u_other is the other one.

The code `u_other = adj[u][0] if adj[u][1] == v else adj[u][1]` checks if adj[u][1] == v. If so, u_other = adj[u][0]. Otherwise, u_other = adj[u][1].

This is correct as long as v is one of u's neighbors, which is guaranteed since (u, v) is an edge.

OK the code looks correct. Let me also add some edge case handling.

Actually, I realize there might be an issue. What if a type-2 vertex u has one type-3 neighbor and one non-type-3 neighbor? In this case, u is in S(T) for the type-3 tree T containing u's type-3 neighbor, but u is not in S(T') for any other type-3 tree T'.

This is handled correctly in the code. When computing S(T), I only add u to S(T) if u has a type-3 neighbor in T.

Let me also check the third term. For a type-2 vertex u with two type-3 neighbors in different type-3 trees, I add u to the intersection count. This is correct.

I think the code is correct. Let me finalize it.

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1
        v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    # Compute type-3 forest
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N
    tree_index = 0
    for v in range(N):
        if deg[v] == 3 and not visited[v]:
            stack = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while stack:
                u = stack.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        stack.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    num_trees = tree_index
    
    # Compute S(T) for each type-3 tree T
    S = [set() for _ in range(num_trees)]
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            for v in adj[u]:
                if deg[v] == 3:
                    S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    ans = 0
    
    # First term: sum over type-3 trees T: C(|S(T)|, 2)
    for t in range(num_trees):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    # Second term: subtract adjacent type-2 pairs in S(T) for some T
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            u_other = adj[u][0] if adj[u][1] == v else adj[u][1]
            v_other = adj[v][0] if adj[v][1] == u else adj[v][1]
            if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
                ans -= 1
    
    # Third term: subtract overcounting
    intersection = defaultdict(int)
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
            if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
                T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
                intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for cnt in intersection.values():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```

This should be the correct solution. The time complexity is O(N) for the BFS/DFS, O(N) for computing S(T), O(N) for the first term, O(N) for the second term, and O(N) for the third term. So the overall time complexity is O(N).
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
Looking at this problem, I need to count ways to add an edge to a tree such that all vertices on the resulting cycle have degree 3.

**Key observations:**
- Adding edge (u,v) creates a cycle = path from u to v + new edge
- For internal vertices on path: their degree doesn't change, so they must already have degree 3
- For endpoints u,v: their degree increases by 1, so they must have degree 2 in the tree
- u and v must not be adjacent (simple graph requirement)

**Strategy:**
1. Find "type-3 trees" - connected components of degree-3 vertices
2. For each type-3 tree T, find S(T) = degree-2 vertices with a neighbor in T
3. Valid pairs are non-adjacent degree-2 vertices in the same S(T)
4. Handle overcounting when a degree-2 vertex bridges two type-3 trees

**Formula:**
- Answer = Σ C(|S(T)|,2) - (adjacent degree-2 pairs in some S(T)) - (overcounting from bridges)

The overcounting occurs when two degree-2 vertices both bridge the same pair of type-3 trees - they get counted in both trees' C(|S(T)|,2).

For adjacent degree-2 pairs: they can only be in S(T) if both their other neighbors are type-3 vertices in the same tree T.

Two degree-2 vertices bridging the same two type-3 trees cannot be adjacent (their neighbors are all type-3).

```python
import sys
from collections import defaultdict

def solve():
    input = sys.stdin.readline
    N = int(input())
    adj = [[] for _ in range(N)]
    edges = []
    for _ in range(N-1):
        u, v = map(int, input().split())
        u -= 1; v -= 1
        adj[u].append(v)
        adj[v].append(u)
        edges.append((u, v))
    
    deg = [len(adj[i]) for i in range(N)]
    
    visited = [False] * N
    type3_tree = [-1] * N
    tree_index = 0
    for v in range(N):
        if deg[v] == 3 and not visited[v]:
            stack = [v]
            visited[v] = True
            type3_tree[v] = tree_index
            while stack:
                u = stack.pop()
                for w in adj[u]:
                    if deg[w] == 3 and not visited[w]:
                        visited[w] = True
                        type3_tree[w] = tree_index
                        stack.append(w)
            tree_index += 1
    
    S = [set() for _ in range(tree_index)]
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            for v in adj[u]:
                if deg[v] == 3:
                    S[type3_tree[v]].add(u)
    
    ans = 0
    for t in range(tree_index):
        k = len(S[t])
        ans += k * (k - 1) // 2
    
    for u, v in edges:
        if deg[u] == 2 and deg[v] == 2:
            u_other = adj[u][0] if adj[u][1] == v else adj[u][1]
            v_other = adj[v][0] if adj[v][1] == u else adj[v][1]
            if deg[u_other] == 3 and deg[v_other] == 3 and type3_tree[u_other] == type3_tree[v_other]:
                ans -= 1
    
    intersection = defaultdict(int)
    for u in range(N):
        if deg[u] == 2:
            type3_neighbors = [type3_tree[v] for v in adj[u] if deg[v] == 3]
            if len(type3_neighbors) == 2 and type3_neighbors[0] != type3_neighbors[1]:
                T1, T2 = sorted(type3_neighbors)
                intersection[(T1, T2)] += 1
    
    for cnt in intersection.values():
        ans -= cnt * (cnt - 1) // 2
    
    print(ans)

solve()
```