=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
qwen

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
All KEYENCE product names consist of two uppercase English letters.
They have already used N product names, the i-th of which (1\leq i\leq N) is S_i.
Once a product name is used, it cannot be reused, so they decided to create an NG (Not Good) list to quickly identify previously used product names.
The NG list must satisfy the following conditions.

- It consists of one or more strings, each consisting of uppercase English letters.
- For each already used product name, there exists at least one string in the list that contains the name as a (contiguous) substring.
- None of the strings in the list contain any length-2 (contiguous) substring that is not an already used product name.

Find the minimum possible number of strings in the NG list.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
S_1
S_2
\vdots
S_N

Output

Print the minimum possible number of strings in the NG list.

Constraints


- 1\leq N\leq 26^2
- N is an integer.
- Each S_i is a string of length 2 consisting of uppercase English letters.
- All S_1,S_2,\ldots,S_N are distinct.

Sample Input 1

7
AB
BC
CA
CD
DE
DF
XX

Sample Output 1

3

One NG list satisfying the conditions is the one consisting of the following three strings:

- CABCDE
- DF
- XX

This has three strings, and there is no NG list satisfying the conditions with 2 or fewer strings, so print 3.

Sample Input 2

5
AC
BC
CD
DE
DF

Sample Output 2

2

One NG list satisfying the conditions is the one consisting of the following two strings:

- ACDE
- BCDF

Note that each used product name may appear in multiple strings in the NG list or multiple times within the same string.

Sample Input 3

6
AB
AC
CB
AD
DB
BA

Sample Output 3

1

For example, an NG list consisting only of ABACBADB satisfies the conditions.

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-build-close way.

Follow the workflow below strictly. Think like terse contest scratch work, not a tutorial.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Use the decisive constraints to narrow to one main candidate early. If two candidates remain, choose the simpler one that still fits the limits instead of keeping both alive.
- Before coding, run one compact feasibility screen only on that chosen candidate: complexity, core data-structure fit, and the one or two edge cases most likely to break it.
- Turn that result into a tiny implementation ledger: main state, loop order, invariant, and the one or two local risks to watch while coding.
- Move into code promptly. Do not paraphrase the problem, replay samples, or explain the algorithm like a tutorial.
- After coding starts, keep all later reflection attached to the current draft.
- If something looks wrong, first classify it as a local patch, a small structural adjustment, or a genuine invariant break. Prefer the smallest fix that resolves it.
- Do not reopen broad planning, redesign, or knowledge recall after a viable draft already exists unless a concrete edge case or contradiction forces it.
- Once the chosen draft survives the feasibility screen, one key edge-case check, and one draft-level recheck, close rather than compare nearby alternatives again.
- If a thought does not help choose, code, patch, or verify the current draft, drop it and continue.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- tutorial-style explanation, sample replay, or long prose restatement before coding;
- alternating between redesign, knowledge recall, and reconsideration after coding has already started;
- drifting from a viable draft back into abstract planning without new evidence;
- letting one local uncertainty expand into a fresh search cycle when a local patch would do.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve: given N distinct length-2 strings (uppercase letters), we need to construct a set of strings (each consisting of uppercase letters) such that:

- For each used name S_i, at least one string in the list contains S_i as a contiguous substring.
- No string in the list contains any length-2 substring that is NOT one of the used names. So every length-2 substring that appears in any string in the list must be among the set of used names.

Goal: minimize number of strings in the list.

Interpretation: We have a set of allowed length-2 strings (the used names). We need to cover all these allowed strings as substrings of some strings we build, where each built string can only contain allowed length-2 substrings (i.e., its adjacent pairs must all be in the allowed set). Essentially, we are constructing strings that are walks in a directed graph where vertices are letters (A-Z) and edges correspond to allowed length-2 strings (from first letter to second). Since each length-2 substring corresponds to an edge from the first character to the second. Then a string of length L corresponds to a walk of L-1 edges. The condition that every length-2 substring in the string is allowed means the walk must use only allowed edges.

We need to cover all edges (used names) as part of at least one walk (string). We can use multiple strings. The strings can be of any length, and we can reuse edges across strings or multiple times within a string. The goal is to minimize the number of strings (walks) needed to cover all edges at least once.

This is reminiscent of covering edges of a directed graph with a minimum number of trails (walks that may repeat vertices and edges) such that each edge is traversed at least once. Since we can repeat edges arbitrarily, we want to cover all edges with as few trails as possible. However, there is no restriction that trails must be simple or that they cannot intersect; they can be any walks. So the problem reduces to: Given a directed graph (with vertices = letters that appear? Actually vertices are all 26 letters, but we only consider edges that are present. Vertices with no incident edges are irrelevant. We need to find the minimum number of trails (walks) that together cover all edges at least once. This is essentially the problem of finding the minimum number of trails to cover all edges, which is related to the number of Eulerian trails needed to cover the graph if we allow multiple trails. Since we can repeat edges, we can combine trails that share vertices. The minimal number of trails needed to cover all edges of a directed graph is equal to the number of "weakly connected components" that are not Eulerian? Actually, there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails (walks that can start and end anywhere, and edges can be reused? Wait, we need to cover each edge at least once, not necessarily exactly once. Since we can repeat edges, we could cover all edges with a single trail if the graph is strongly connected? Not exactly: If the graph is strongly connected, we can find an Eulerian trail if the graph is Eulerian (indegree=outdegree for all vertices). If not, we can add extra edges (by repeating some edges) to make it Eulerian, but we are allowed to repeat edges arbitrarily. However, the trails we produce are strings; they can have repeated edges. So we can essentially create a walk that traverses each required edge at least once, possibly traversing other edges multiple times. The question is: what is the minimal number of walks needed to cover all edges at least once? This is equivalent to the problem of covering all edges with the fewest number of trails, where a trail is a sequence of edges (with possible repetitions) that is contiguous. Since we can repeat edges, we can always concatenate trails by adding extra edges to connect them, as long as there is a path between the end of one trail and the start of another using allowed edges. If the graph is weakly connected (i.e., underlying undirected graph is connected), we might be able to cover all edges with a single walk by traversing each edge at least once, but we may need to repeat edges to connect components. However, the underlying graph might not be strongly connected; there could be vertices with no outgoing edges or no incoming edges. But we can still create a walk that goes from one component to another if there is a directed path? Actually, if the graph is not strongly connected, there may be vertices that are not reachable from others. But we can still create a walk that covers all edges by starting at some vertex and traversing edges, but if there is an edge that is in a part that is not reachable from the start, we cannot cover it in the same walk unless we can "jump" - but we cannot jump; the walk must be contiguous using allowed edges. So to cover all edges in a single walk, the walk must be able to reach every edge from the start vertex via directed paths. That requires the graph to be "connected" in a directed sense: there must be a vertex from which all edges are reachable (i.e., the graph must have a spanning arborescence from that vertex). More generally, a single walk can cover all edges if the graph is "Eulerian" after adding extra edges? Actually, consider a directed graph that is not strongly connected: there might be a source component with no incoming edges from other parts. Starting anywhere, you might not be able to get into that component if you start outside it, because there is no directed path from your start to that component. But you could start inside that component. However, if you start inside one component, you might not be able to reach another component if there are no directed edges from the first to the second. So a single walk can only cover edges that are in the same "weakly connected component" that is also "strongly connected" in the sense that from the start you can reach all edges? Wait, let's formalize.

We have a directed graph G (with vertices = letters). We want to find a set of walks (strings) such that every edge e is traversed at least once. A walk is a sequence of vertices v0, v1, ..., vk such that each (vi, vi+1) is an edge in G. The walk can start at any vertex and end at any vertex. The union of walks must cover all edges.

If the graph is weakly connected (i.e., underlying undirected graph is connected), can we always cover all edges with one walk? Not necessarily. Consider a directed graph with two vertices A and B, and only one edge A->B. This graph is weakly connected. Can we cover the edge A->B with a single walk? Yes: start at A, go to B. That's a walk covering that edge. So one walk suffices. But consider graph with two edges: A->B and C->D, and no other edges. Underlying undirected graph has two components (A-B and C-D) because there is no connection between {A,B} and {C,D} even undirectedly. So it's not weakly connected. So we need at least one walk per weakly connected component? Actually, if the underlying undirected graph is disconnected, there is no way to have a walk that goes from one component to another because there are no edges (directed or undirected) connecting them. So each weakly connected component must be covered by at least one walk. However, could a single walk cover multiple weakly connected components? No, because a walk can only traverse edges, and there are no edges between components, so you cannot move from one component to another. So the minimum number of strings is at least the number of weakly connected components of the directed graph (considering vertices that appear in any edge). But is it exactly that? Not necessarily, because even within a weakly connected component, you might need more than one walk if the component is not "Eulerian" in the sense that you cannot traverse all edges in a single walk without repeating edges? But we are allowed to repeat edges. So can we always cover all edges of a weakly connected directed graph with a single walk? Let's test.

We need a walk that starts at some vertex and traverses each edge at least once. This is similar to the "route inspection" or "covering all edges" problem. In an undirected graph, you can cover all edges with a walk if the graph is connected (you can do a depth-first traversal, repeating edges as needed). In a directed graph, is it always possible to cover all edges of a weakly connected directed graph with a single walk? Consider a directed graph that is weakly connected but not strongly connected. Example: vertices A, B, C. Edges: A->B, B->C, A->C. This is weakly connected. Can we cover all edges with one walk? Start at A: go to B (A->B), then B->C, then we need to cover A->C. But from C, there is no edge back to A. So we cannot directly go from C to A. However, we could have started differently: maybe start at A, go to C (A->C), then we need to cover A->B and B->C. From C, we cannot go to B or A. So we cannot cover all edges in one walk because after leaving A we cannot return to A to take the other edge. But we could repeat edges? To get back to A, we would need a path from C to A. There is none. So we cannot cover both A->B and A->C in one walk because after taking one, we cannot return to A to take the other. However, we could start at A, take A->B, then B->C, then we are stuck. We haven't covered A->C. So one walk cannot cover both edges that start from A if there is no way to return to A. But could we cover A->C before leaving A? If we start at A, we could take A->C first, then we are at C, stuck. So still can't cover A->B. So we need at least two walks: one covering A->B and B->C (maybe A->B, B->C) and another covering A->C. But note that the walk covering A->B and B->C could also include A->C if we could get back to A, but we can't. So indeed, two walks might be necessary.

But wait, could we design a walk that goes A->B, then B->C, then somehow from C we go to ... there is no edge. So no. So one walk insufficient.

Thus, the minimal number of walks is not simply the number of weakly connected components. It depends on the structure of the directed graph.

Let's think more systematically. We have a directed graph G (with vertices = letters, edges = used names). We want to cover all edges with a set of walks (each walk is a sequence of edges, contiguous). We can repeat edges arbitrarily. This is essentially the problem of finding the minimum number of trails to cover all edges, where a trail is a walk that may repeat edges but we only require covering each edge at least once. Since we can repeat edges, we can always combine two trails into one if there is a path from the end of the first to the start of the second (by traversing that path). However, that path may require using edges that are already covered, but that's fine; we can repeat them. So the question reduces to: given the directed graph, what is the minimum number of walks needed such that every edge is traversed at least once? This is equivalent to the minimum number of "walks" that together form an "Eulerian trail" covering all edges, but we can add extra traversals to connect components. This is reminiscent of the concept of "minimum path cover" for edges? Actually, there is a known result: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (allowing repetitions) is equal to the number of "weakly connected components" that are not "Eulerian" in the sense of having at most one vertex with outdegree - indegree = 1 (start) and one with indegree - outdegree = 1 (end) etc? Wait, if we were required to cover each edge exactly once (Eulerian trail decomposition), then the minimum number of trails needed to partition the edge set into trails (each edge used exactly once) is given by something like max( number of vertices with outdegree > indegree, ... ). But here we can repeat edges, so we can use extra edges to connect trails.

Consider we want to cover all edges with as few walks as possible. We can think of constructing a single walk that traverses each edge at least once. This is possible if and only if the graph is "strongly connected" or more precisely, if there exists a vertex from which all edges are reachable and that can return? Actually, we need a closed walk that covers all edges? Not necessarily closed; we can start and end anywhere. For a single walk to cover all edges, we need that for every edge e, there is a directed path from the start to the tail of e, and after traversing e, we can continue to cover remaining edges, and eventually end somewhere. This is essentially the condition that the graph is "Eulerian" after adding some edges? But we can repeat edges, so we can always traverse an edge multiple times. The main obstacle is that once we leave a vertex, we may not be able to return to it if there is no directed path back. So to cover multiple outgoing edges from a vertex, we need to be able to return to that vertex after taking one of them. That requires that from the other vertices, there is a directed path back to that vertex. In other words, the vertex must be in a strongly connected component (SCC) that is reachable from other parts? More precisely, if the graph is strongly connected, then from any vertex you can reach any other, so you can always return to a vertex after leaving it. In that case, you can cover all edges with a single walk: you can perform a depth-first traversal, using backtracking via directed paths (which exist because of strong connectivity). So if the directed graph is strongly connected, one walk suffices.

If the graph is not strongly connected, there may be vertices that are not reachable from others, or from which you cannot return. In such cases, you might need multiple walks.

Let's analyze the structure. The directed graph can be decomposed into strongly connected components (SCCs) with edges between them forming a DAG. For a walk to cover edges in multiple SCCs, it must be able to move from one SCC to another along the DAG direction. Since edges between SCCs go from one SCC to another (no cycles because SCC condensation is a DAG). So if we start in an SCC that has no incoming edges from other SCCs (a source SCC), we can traverse edges within that SCC, then leave via an outgoing edge to another SCC, but we cannot return to the source SCC because there is no path back (since it's a DAG). Therefore, after leaving a source SCC, we cannot cover any remaining edges in that SCC that we haven't yet covered. So to cover all edges in a source SCC, we must cover them before leaving the SCC. That suggests that if a source SCC has multiple outgoing edges, we might need to leave it multiple times? But we can only leave once because after leaving we can't return. However, we could cover all edges within the SCC before leaving, and then take one outgoing edge to the next SCC. But what about edges that go from the SCC to other SCCs? Those are outgoing edges; we can take one of them as the exit. But we need to cover all outgoing edges as well. Since we can't return, we cannot take more than one outgoing edge from that SCC in a single walk, because after taking one outgoing edge, we are in another SCC and cannot come back to take another outgoing edge. However, we could cover multiple outgoing edges if we take them in some order? But to take an outgoing edge, we must be at the tail vertex in the SCC. After taking one outgoing edge, we leave the SCC. To take another outgoing edge, we would need to be back in the SCC. Since we can't return, we can't take a second outgoing edge. So a single walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from each SCC (specifically, from the SCC we exit, we can only take one exit edge). But what about incoming edges to an SCC? They can be covered when we enter the SCC from a previous SCC. Once inside, we can traverse edges within the SCC, and then exit via one outgoing edge. So for a walk that goes through a DAG of SCCs, it can enter an SCC (maybe multiple times? Actually, if the SCC is not strongly connected with the rest, you can only enter it once because after leaving you can't return. But you could potentially enter an SCC, then leave, and later re-enter via a different path? In a DAG, if there are multiple paths to an SCC, you could potentially enter it from different predecessors, but after leaving, you cannot return because that would require a cycle in the condensation. So you can only be in an SCC once in a walk (enter, then later exit, and never return). However, you could enter an SCC and then exit via an outgoing edge, but you might have covered only some of its internal edges. To cover all internal edges, you must cover them while you are inside. That's possible if you can traverse all internal edges before exiting. But if the SCC has multiple outgoing edges, you can only take one exit, so the other outgoing edges would not be covered. So those other outgoing edges would need to be covered by other walks that start in that SCC (or enter it from elsewhere) and then take that outgoing edge. But if the SCC is a source (no incoming edges), the only way to cover its outgoing edges is to start in that SCC. If we start in that SCC, we can cover all internal edges and then take one outgoing edge. The other outgoing edges would remain uncovered unless we have additional walks that start in that SCC and take those outgoing edges. But those additional walks would also need to cover the internal edges again? Not necessarily; they could start at the SCC, take the outgoing edge, and then continue. But they would need to include the internal edges? They don't need to cover internal edges again because they are already covered by the first walk. However, the condition is that each used product name (edge) must appear as a substring in at least one string. So if an internal edge is already covered by the first walk, it's fine. So for a source SCC, we could have one walk that covers all internal edges and one outgoing edge, and then separate walks for each additional outgoing edge, each starting in the SCC and taking that outgoing edge (and possibly covering some internal edges again, but that's okay). But note: those separate walks must also satisfy the condition that every length-2 substring in them is allowed. If they start in the SCC and take an outgoing edge, they will traverse some internal edges to get from the start vertex to the tail of that outgoing edge. They might need to traverse internal edges to reach that tail. But those internal edges are already allowed, so it's fine. However, they might need to traverse a path within the SCC to get to the tail of the outgoing edge. That path would consist of internal edges, which are allowed. So we can design a walk that starts at some vertex in the SCC, follows a path (using internal edges) to the tail of the outgoing edge, then takes that outgoing edge, and then continues in the downstream SCCs. This walk would cover that outgoing edge and possibly some internal edges (but those are already covered). So it's permissible.

Thus, the problem reduces to: we have a directed graph (allowed edges). We need to select a set of walks such that every edge is covered at least once. We can think of each walk as a path in the condensation DAG that starts at some SCC (maybe a source) and ends at some SCC (maybe a sink). The walk can cover multiple edges within each SCC it visits, but it can only exit an SCC once (via one outgoing edge) because after exiting it cannot return. However, within an SCC, since it's strongly connected, we can traverse all edges of that SCC in a single visit if we want, by doing an Eulerian trail within the SCC (since it's strongly connected, we can cover all edges of the SCC with a walk that starts and ends at any vertices, possibly repeating edges). But careful: If we want to cover all edges of an SCC in one visit, we need to be able to start at some vertex, traverse all edges (with possible repetitions) and end at some vertex (maybe the same or different). Since the SCC is strongly connected, we can always find a walk that covers all edges of the SCC, starting and ending at any given vertices? Not exactly: To cover all edges of a strongly connected directed graph, we can always construct a walk that traverses each edge at least once, starting and ending at specified vertices, as long as we allow repetitions. This is because we can perform a depth-first search from the start, and because of strong connectivity, we can always return to a vertex to explore other branches. So yes, within an SCC, we can cover all its edges in a single walk segment, provided we have the ability to start at some entry vertex and end at some exit vertex. The entry vertex is determined by how we enter the SCC (from an incoming edge) or if we start there. The exit vertex is where we take the outgoing edge. So we need to be able to start at the entry point, cover all internal edges, and finish at the exit point. Is that always possible? In a strongly connected directed graph, given any two vertices u and v, there exists a walk that starts at u and ends at v and traverses every edge at least once (allowing repetitions). This is true because we can take an Eulerian trail of the graph if we add extra edges to make it Eulerian, but we can also just do a DFS that returns to u after each branch, but we need to end at v. Since the graph is strongly connected, we can go from u to v after covering all edges. More formally, we can take a walk that covers all edges and ends at v by first covering all edges in a closed walk that returns to u (possible because strong connectivity allows a closed walk covering all edges? Actually, a closed walk covering all edges is an Eulerian circuit, which requires indegree=outdegree for all vertices. But we can repeat edges to balance. Since we can repeat edges, we can construct a closed walk that starts and ends at u and covers all edges: we can perform a depth-first traversal, using backtracking along paths (which exist due to strong connectivity) to return to u after each branch. This yields a walk that starts and ends at u and covers all edges. Then we can append a path from u to v (which exists) to end at v. However, that would add extra edges (the path) which are already covered or may be new? But they are allowed edges; we can repeat them. So yes, we can cover all edges of an SCC in a single visit starting at any entry vertex and ending at any exit vertex, by first doing a closed walk covering all edges from entry to entry, then going to exit. This may cause some edges to be traversed multiple times, but that's fine. So internal coverage is not a limiting factor.

Therefore, the main constraints come from the DAG structure: each walk corresponds to a path in the condensation DAG (a sequence of SCCs). It can enter an SCC (if not the start) via an incoming edge, then it can cover all internal edges of that SCC (since we can arrange to cover them all while inside), and then exit via one outgoing edge (if any) to the next SCC. It cannot re-enter an SCC after leaving. So each walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (the one it uses to exit). Also, it can cover at most one incoming edge to each SCC (the one it uses to enter), except the start SCC which has no incoming edge in that walk, and the end SCC which has no outgoing edge.

Thus, the problem of covering all edges (both internal edges within SCCs and inter-SCC edges) with a minimum number of walks reduces to covering the inter-SCC edges (the edges of the DAG) with as few paths as possible, given that each path can traverse a sequence of inter-SCC edges, and within each SCC we can cover all internal edges without extra cost (since we can always include them in the walk when we visit that SCC). However, we must also ensure that internal edges of SCCs that are never visited by any walk are covered. But if an SCC is never visited, its internal edges wouldn't be covered. So each SCC must be visited by at least one walk. But a walk visits an SCC if it either starts there, ends there, or passes through. So we need to cover all SCCs as well.

Thus, we have a DAG of SCCs. We need to select a set of directed paths (each path is a sequence of SCCs) such that:

- Every SCC is included in at least one path.
- Every inter-SCC edge (i.e., edge from one SCC to another) is included in at least one path (as the transition between consecutive SCCs in the path).
- Additionally, each path can include at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (the one it uses to go to the next SCC). But it could also include multiple outgoing edges from the same SCC if it visits that SCC multiple times? But as argued, a path cannot revisit an SCC because the condensation is a DAG and after leaving you cannot return. So each SCC appears at most once in a given path. Therefore, each path can cover at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (the exit edge). Similarly, it covers at most one incoming edge to each SCC (the entry edge), except the start and end.

Thus, the problem becomes: Given a DAG (the condensation), we need to cover all vertices (SCCs) and all edges (inter-SCC edges) with a minimum number of vertex-disjoint? Not vertex-disjoint; paths can share vertices and edges. But each path can cover at most one outgoing edge from each vertex it visits. So to cover multiple outgoing edges from a vertex (SCC), we may need multiple paths that start at or pass through that vertex and take different outgoing edges.

This is reminiscent of the minimum path cover problem in a DAG, but with the twist that we also need to cover vertices, and edges must be covered as well. In the standard minimum path cover (vertex cover by paths), we want to cover all vertices with the fewest vertex-disjoint paths. Here we need to cover all edges, and vertices must be covered at least once, but we can have paths that overlap. However, covering edges is the primary constraint; covering vertices is automatically satisfied if all edges are covered? Not necessarily: an SCC with no inter-SCC edges (isolated SCC) would have only internal edges. To cover those internal edges, we need a walk that visits that SCC. If we have a path that includes that SCC, that would cover its internal edges. But if we only cover inter-SCC edges, an isolated SCC (with no incoming or outgoing edges) would not be visited by any path that only goes through inter-SCC edges. So we must also ensure such SCCs are covered. But we can always start a walk in that SCC (or end there) to cover it. So isolated SCCs will require their own walks unless they can be combined with others? Since they have no connections, they cannot be combined with other SCCs in a single walk because there is no edge to go to/from them. So each isolated SCC (with no incoming or outgoing edges) will need at least one walk dedicated to it. But could a walk start in that SCC, cover its internal edges, and then end there? Yes, that's a walk consisting only of that SCC. So that counts as one walk. So isolated SCCs contribute 1 each.

Now, for the DAG of SCCs that have connections, we need to cover all inter-SCC edges. This is similar to the problem of covering all edges of a DAG with the minimum number of trails (paths) where each trail is a directed path (since we can't have cycles in the condensation). This is known as the minimum path cover of the edges (edge covering by paths). There is a known result: In a directed acyclic graph, the minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges is equal to the maximum over all subsets of vertices of (number of edges leaving the subset minus number of edges entering the subset?) Not sure. Alternatively, we can think in terms of flow.

Consider we want to cover all edges with paths. Each path can be thought of as starting at some vertex (with no incoming edge used in that path) and ending at some vertex (with no outgoing edge used). For each vertex, the number of paths that start at that vertex minus the number that end at that vertex equals (outdegree - indegree) in the multiset of covered edges? But we are covering each edge exactly once? Actually, we are covering edges at least once, but we can cover an edge multiple times across different paths, but that would be wasteful; we would never need to cover an edge more than once if we can cover it in one path. Since we want to minimize number of paths, we would avoid redundant coverage. So we can assume each inter-SCC edge is covered exactly once (by some path). Because if an edge is covered by more than one path, we could potentially drop it from one path (but the path might need that edge to connect? Actually, if a path uses an edge, it's because it needs to go from one SCC to another. If we remove that edge from the path, the path would break. But we could redesign paths to avoid covering an edge twice. So we can aim for a set of paths such that each inter-SCC edge appears in exactly one path. Similarly, internal edges of SCCs are covered by the walk when the SCC is visited; they could be covered multiple times but that's fine; we don't need to count them separately.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Given a DAG (condensation), find the minimum number of directed paths that together cover all edges (each edge exactly once) and also cover all vertices (since each vertex must be visited by at least one path to cover its internal edges). However, if a vertex has no incident edges (isolated), it's a separate component; we already handle that. For vertices that have edges, covering all edges will automatically cover the vertices that are incident to those edges? Not necessarily: a vertex could have only incoming edges and no outgoing edges (a sink). If we cover all incoming edges, those paths will end at that vertex, so the vertex is visited. Similarly, a source with only outgoing edges will be visited as start of paths. So covering all edges ensures that every vertex that has at least one incident edge is visited by some path (since each edge is in a path, and the path includes its endpoints). However, a vertex could have both incoming and outgoing edges but still be visited by paths that use those edges. So yes, covering all edges ensures all vertices with degree >0 are visited. But what about a vertex that has both incoming and outgoing edges but all its incident edges are covered by paths that pass through it? That's fine. So the vertex coverage condition is automatically satisfied if we cover all edges, except for isolated vertices (SCCs with no edges at all? But an SCC with no edges would be a single vertex with no edges? But our graph's vertices are letters; an SCC with no edges would be a letter that appears in no product name? But such letters are not part of the graph because we only consider vertices that appear in at least one edge. Actually, if a letter appears in no edge, it's irrelevant. So all SCCs we consider have at least one internal edge (since they are formed from edges). However, it's possible that an SCC consists of a single vertex with a self-loop? But product names are two distinct letters? They can be same? The problem says uppercase English letters, and product names are two uppercase letters. It doesn't say they must be distinct, so "AA" is possible. That would be a self-loop edge. In that case, the SCC could be a single vertex with a self-loop. That's fine. If there is a vertex with only self-loop, it's an SCC with an internal edge. So it will be covered when we visit that SCC. So no isolated SCCs without edges.

Thus, the main challenge is to cover the inter-SCC edges with the minimum number of directed paths in the DAG, where each path corresponds to a walk that can also cover internal edges of the SCCs it visits. Additionally, we might need to consider that within an SCC, we might need to start and end at specific vertices to match the entry and exit points. But as argued, we can always arrange to cover all internal edges while starting at the entry vertex and ending at the exit vertex, because the SCC is strongly connected. However, there is a subtlety: if an SCC has multiple outgoing edges, and we want to cover them with different paths, each path that exits via a particular outgoing edge must start at some vertex within the SCC (if it's the start of the path) or enter via some incoming edge. The path will need to traverse from its entry point (or start vertex) to the tail of the outgoing edge. This traversal will use internal edges. That's fine. But if we have multiple paths that start in the same SCC (i.e., we have multiple walks that begin in that SCC and take different outgoing edges), they might need to cover internal edges multiple times, but that's allowed. So no extra cost.

Therefore, the minimum number of strings equals the minimum number of paths needed to cover all inter-SCC edges in the condensation DAG, plus the number of isolated SCCs? But isolated SCCs are those with no incoming or outgoing edges in the condensation; they are sources and sinks with no connections. Actually, an SCC that has no incoming and no outgoing edges is an isolated node in the DAG. To cover its internal edges, we need a walk that starts and ends within that SCC. That's one path (just that SCC). In the path cover of edges, such a node would have no edges to cover, so it wouldn't be included in any path if we only cover edges. So we need to add 1 for each such SCC. But could we combine two isolated SCCs into one walk? No, because there is no edge between them, so a walk cannot go from one to the other. So each isolated SCC requires its own walk.

Now, what about SCCs that have only incoming edges but no outgoing (sink SCCs)? They will be covered as endpoints of paths that cover the incoming edges. So they don't need extra walks beyond those paths. Similarly, source SCCs (no incoming) will be starting points of paths. However, a source SCC might have multiple outgoing edges. To cover all outgoing edges, we might need multiple paths starting from that source SCC. Each such path will start in that SCC and take one outgoing edge. But could we cover multiple outgoing edges from a source SCC with a single path? As argued, a single path can only take one outgoing edge from that SCC because after leaving it cannot return. So if a source SCC has outdegree d (number of outgoing inter-SCC edges), we need at least d paths that start from that SCC? Not exactly: some of those outgoing edges might be covered by paths that start elsewhere and enter the SCC? But if the SCC is a source, it has no incoming edges, so no path can enter it from another SCC. Therefore, the only way to cover an outgoing edge from a source SCC is to have a path that starts in that SCC and takes that outgoing edge. Thus, the number of paths that start in a source SCC must be at least the outdegree of that SCC. However, a single path starting in that SCC could potentially take one outgoing edge and then later, after traversing other SCCs, could it take another outgoing edge from the same source SCC? No, because it's no longer in that SCC. So each outgoing edge requires a distinct path that starts in that SCC. But could one path start in the source SCC, take one outgoing edge, and later, after going through other SCCs, come back to the source SCC via some cycle? In the condensation DAG, there are no cycles, so it's impossible to return. So indeed, each outgoing edge from a source SCC must be the first edge of a distinct path that starts in that SCC. However, what about the internal edges of the source SCC? They can be covered by these paths as they start in the SCC. But if we have multiple paths starting in the same SCC, they might each need to cover some internal edges to get to the tail of their respective outgoing edge. But they could share coverage; but that's fine. The important thing is that we need at least outdegree(source) paths that start at that source.

Similarly, for a sink SCC (no outgoing edges), we need at least indegree(sink) paths that end at that sink, because each incoming edge must be covered by a path that ends at that sink (since after entering, there is no way to leave, so the path must end there). But could a path cover multiple incoming edges to the same sink? A path can only enter a sink once (since after entering, it ends). It could potentially enter via one incoming edge, but could it also cover another incoming edge? To cover another incoming edge, the path would need to be at the tail of that edge before entering, which would require being in a different SCC and then taking that edge into the sink. But after entering the sink, the path ends; it cannot take another incoming edge. So each incoming edge to a sink must be the last edge of a distinct path that ends at that sink. However, could a single path cover two incoming edges by entering the sink, then somehow leaving and re-entering? No, because sink has no outgoing edges, so cannot leave. So each incoming edge requires a separate path that ends at the sink. So indegree(sink) paths must end at that sink.

Now, for intermediate SCCs (with both incoming and outgoing edges), the number of paths that pass through them must satisfy flow conservation: the number of paths that enter the SCC equals the number that exit, plus possibly some that start or end there. More precisely, if we consider the set of paths covering all edges, we can think of each path as a unit of flow from its start vertex to its end vertex. For each vertex v (SCC), let x_v be the number of paths that start at v, and y_v be the number that end at v. For edges, each edge e from u to v is covered by exactly one path. In that path, the edge contributes to the flow: the path enters v via e, and later exits v via some outgoing edge (or ends at v). So we can think of the paths as a decomposition of the edge set into trails. This is similar to the concept of path cover of edges, which can be solved by converting to a flow problem: we want to minimize the number of paths, which is equivalent to maximizing the number of edges that can be concatenated into longer paths, i.e., minimizing the number of paths = number of edges - (maximum number of edges that can be paired as consecutive in a path). Actually, if we have a set of paths covering all edges, the total number of paths P satisfies: sum over vertices of (outdegree - indegree in the path decomposition) = number of paths? Wait, consider each path as a sequence of edges. If we sum over all vertices the net outflow (outgoing edges used in paths minus incoming edges used in paths) for each vertex, that sum over all vertices is zero because each edge contributes +1 to outflow of its tail and +1 to inflow of its head. However, for each path, the start vertex has net outflow +1 (one more outgoing than incoming in that path) and the end vertex has net inflow +1 (one more incoming than outgoing). So total number of paths = sum over vertices of max(0, out_used - in_used) = sum over vertices of max(0, in_used - out_used). But out_used and in_used are exactly the degrees in the original graph (since we cover each edge exactly once). So for each vertex v, let outdeg(v) be the number of outgoing inter-SCC edges (since we are considering only inter-SCC edges? Wait, internal edges are within SCCs and are not part of this DAG. They are covered separately when we visit the SCC. For the purpose of counting paths in the condensation, we only consider inter-SCC edges. But the paths we construct in the condensation will also cover internal edges of SCCs, but that doesn't affect the count of paths. So we can focus solely on the DAG of SCCs and its edges. Then we want to cover all these edges with directed paths. This is exactly the problem of "minimum path cover in a directed acyclic graph" but for edges, not vertices. However, there is a known equivalence: The minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges of a DAG is equal to the maximum over all subsets of vertices of (number of edges leaving the subset minus number of edges entering the subset)? Let's derive.

We can think of each path as a sequence of edges. If we consider the set of paths, we can concatenate paths if the end of one path matches the start of another and there is an edge connecting them? But there is no edge necessarily; we could join them by adding an extra edge? Not allowed because we cannot add edges that are not in the graph. So paths are separate unless they share vertices but not edges. However, we can merge two paths if the end vertex of one is the start vertex of another, but we would need to connect them with a walk that uses existing edges. If there is a path (sequence of edges) from the end of first to the start of second, we could combine them into one longer path by traversing that connecting path. But that connecting path would consist of edges that are already covered (maybe by other paths) and we can repeat them. So we could potentially reduce the number of paths by linking them via existing edges, even if those edges are already covered. That suggests that the minimal number of paths is not simply determined by the DAG structure alone, because we can use extra traversals to connect paths. Wait, but earlier we argued that we cannot return to an SCC after leaving it, so we cannot connect two paths that end and start in different SCCs if there is no directed path from the end SCC to the start SCC. However, if there is a directed path from the end of one path to the start of another, we could extend the first path by following that path (which may include edges already covered) to reach the start of the second, then continue with the second path. This would merge the two paths into one, reducing the count by 1. But is this always allowed? The resulting walk would cover all edges of both original paths, plus the edges of the connecting path (which may be repeats). Since we are allowed to repeat edges, this is fine. However, we must ensure that the connecting path exists in the graph (i.e., there is a directed path from the end vertex of the first path to the start vertex of the second). In the condensation DAG, if there is a directed path from the SCC where the first path ends to the SCC where the second path starts, then we can connect them. But note: after the first path ends at some SCC (say sink), we might be at a vertex within that SCC. To go to the start of the second path, we need a directed walk from that vertex to the start vertex of the second path. Since SCCs are strongly connected internally, we can move within the end SCC to any vertex, then take inter-SCC edges along a directed path to the start SCC, then within that SCC move to the start vertex. So the existence of a directed path in the condensation from the end SCC to the start SCC is sufficient (since internal connectivity gives us the ability to move to the appropriate vertices). Therefore, we can merge two paths if the end SCC of the first can reach the start SCC of the second in the condensation DAG.

Thus, the problem becomes: we have a set of required edges (inter-SCC edges) that must be covered. We can choose to cover them with walks that may include extra edges (repeats) to connect. The minimal number of walks is essentially the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges, where we are allowed to add extra traversals of edges to connect trails. This is equivalent to finding the minimum number of walks such that each edge is covered at least once, which is known to be equal to the number of "weakly connected components" of the graph after considering something? Actually, there is a known result for undirected graphs: the minimum number of trails to cover all edges (allowing repeats) is max(1, number of vertices with odd degree)/2? That's for Eulerian trails covering each edge exactly once, but if repeats allowed, you can always cover with one trail if the graph is connected (since you can do a depth-first walk that returns to start, covering all edges, repeating edges as needed). For undirected, yes, a single walk can cover all edges of a connected undirected graph (since you can always backtrack). For directed, it's more complex because you may not be able to return to a vertex after leaving if there's no directed cycle. However, if the graph is strongly connected, you can cover all edges with one walk (as argued). If not, you may need multiple walks. The minimal number of walks needed to cover all edges of a directed graph (allowing repeats) is equal to the number of "strongly connected components" that are sources in the condensation? Not exactly.

Let's think more systematically. We have a directed graph G (the original graph of allowed edges). We want the minimum number of walks that cover all edges. This is known as the "minimum number of trails to cover all edges" or "minimum path cover of edges" problem. There is a concept of "minimum number of Eulerian trails" if we require each edge exactly once, but we can repeat. However, repeating edges can help connect trails. The question reduces to: given the condensation DAG, what is the minimum number of walks needed to cover all inter-SCC edges, considering we can traverse internal SCC edges arbitrarily and we can also traverse inter-SCC edges multiple times to connect walks.

We can model each walk as a path in the condensation DAG (a sequence of SCCs) with possible repetitions? Since we can traverse an SCC multiple times if we leave and come back via a cycle? But the condensation is acyclic, so you cannot return to an SCC once you leave it. However, you could potentially re-enter an SCC if there is a cycle in the original graph that goes through multiple SCCs? No, because condensation is acyclic, so there is no directed cycle that goes from one SCC to another and back. So you cannot re-enter an SCC after leaving it. Therefore, each walk corresponds to a simple path in the condensation DAG (no repeated SCCs). It may also include staying within an SCC and covering its internal edges, but that's internal.

Thus, each walk corresponds to a directed path in the condensation DAG from some start SCC to some end SCC. The walk will cover a subset of the inter-SCC edges: specifically, the edges that are used to go from one SCC to the next along the path. It may also cover other inter-SCC edges? Could a walk cover an inter-SCC edge that is not along its path? For example, if the walk goes from SCC A to SCC B via edge e1, then later within B it might take an edge from B to C via e2, etc. It cannot take an edge from A to D if it's not on the path because after leaving A, it's not in A anymore. So the only inter-SCC edges covered by a walk are exactly the edges it traverses between SCCs, i.e., the edges along its path in the condensation. Therefore, to cover all inter-SCC edges, we need a set of paths in the condensation DAG such that every inter-SCC edge appears in at least one path. Moreover, a path can cover multiple edges in sequence.

Now, we can also have walks that start and end in the same SCC (i.e., a path of length 0 in the condensation). Those walks would cover only internal edges of that SCC. They are needed for SCCs that have no inter-SCC edges (isolated). For SCCs with inter-SCC edges, we might also have such walks if we want to cover internal edges separately, but we can cover internal edges as part of the paths that go through the SCC. However, if an SCC is never visited by any path (i.e., not included in any path that covers inter-SCC edges), then its internal edges wouldn't be covered. But if an SCC has inter-SCC edges, it will be visited by at least one path that uses those edges (since the edges must be covered). So its internal edges can be covered during that visit. However, there is a nuance: if an SCC has both incoming and outgoing edges, a path that passes through it will enter via some incoming edge and exit via some outgoing edge. During that visit, we can cover all internal edges. So that's fine. If an SCC has only outgoing edges (source), a path that starts there will exit via one outgoing edge. During that start, we can cover all internal edges before exiting. So fine. If an SCC has only incoming edges (sink), a path that ends there will enter via one incoming edge, and then we can cover all internal edges after entering (since we are in the SCC and can traverse internally before ending). So fine.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Given a DAG (condensation), find the minimum number of directed paths such that every edge of the DAG is covered by at least one path. Additionally, we must also cover vertices that have no incident edges? But those are isolated SCCs, which we treat separately.

Now, this is a classic problem: minimum path cover of edges in a DAG. There is a known reduction to maximum matching in a bipartite graph, similar to the minimum path cover of vertices. For vertex cover, we want to cover all vertices with disjoint paths; the minimum number of vertex-disjoint paths needed to cover all vertices is |V| - maximum matching in a bipartite graph representing possible successive vertices. For edge cover by paths, we can transform each edge into a node and then find a matching that links edges that can be consecutive in a path. Specifically, we want to partition the set of edges into as few paths as possible, where a path is a sequence of edges e1, e2, ..., ek such that the head of ei equals the tail of ei+1. This is exactly the problem of decomposing the edge set into the minimum number of trails (allowing trails to share vertices, but each edge used exactly once). This is known as the minimum path cover of the edges, which can be solved by constructing a bipartite graph with left side representing edges as "outgoing" and right side representing edges as "incoming", and connecting edge e (from u to v) to edge f (from v to w) if they can be consecutive (i.e., head of e = tail of f). Then a maximum matching in this bipartite graph corresponds to pairing edges into longer trails, and the minimum number of trails = |E| - size of maximum matching. This is analogous to the vertex cover by paths but for edges. However, note that this decomposition assumes that each edge is used exactly once and trails are edge-disjoint? Actually, the matching pairs edges that are consecutive in a trail, but trails can share vertices, and edges are used exactly once. The matching approach gives the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges exactly once, without repeating edges. But in our problem, we are allowed to repeat edges, and we are not required to use each edge exactly once; we just need each edge to appear at least once. However, using an edge more than once would be wasteful and wouldn't help reduce the number of trails, because we could simply omit the extra traversal. So an optimal solution will likely use each inter-SCC edge exactly once (since covering it more than once doesn't help and might increase length but not count). So we can assume each inter-SCC edge is covered exactly once. Therefore, the minimum number of walks covering all inter-SCC edges is exactly the minimum number of trails that cover each edge exactly once, which is given by |E_inter| - maximum matching size in the bipartite graph of edges.

But is that always achievable with the additional requirement that the trails can be extended to cover internal edges of SCCs? Yes, because we can design each trail as a walk in the original graph that follows the sequence of inter-SCC edges, and between them, we can insert internal walks within each SCC to get from the entry point to the exit point. Since SCCs are strongly connected, we can always find a walk from the vertex where we enter (head of the incoming edge) to the vertex where we exit (tail of the outgoing edge) that covers all internal edges of that SCC if needed. However, note: if a trail passes through an SCC, it will enter via some edge and exit via some edge. To cover all internal edges of that SCC, we need to ensure that during that visit we traverse all internal edges. Is it always possible to cover all internal edges of an SCC in a single visit that starts at a specific entry vertex and ends at a specific exit vertex? As argued earlier, yes, because we can first do a closed walk covering all internal edges starting and ending at the entry vertex, then go to the exit vertex. But that closed walk might need to use inter-SCC edges? No, it stays within the SCC. So it's fine. However, there is a subtlety: if the SCC has multiple outgoing edges, and we have multiple trails that exit via different outgoing edges, each trail will need to cover the internal edges. But we could cover the internal edges in just one of the trails and the others could just traverse a path from entry to exit without covering all internal edges, because the internal edges are already covered by the first trail. That's acceptable. So we don't need each trail to cover all internal edges; we just need at least one trail that visits the SCC to cover its internal edges. But if an SCC is visited by multiple trails, that's fine. So we can assign the coverage of internal edges to one of the trails that goes through that SCC (or starts/ends there). So as long as each SCC is visited by at least one trail, its internal edges can be covered. In the edge-covering trails, each SCC that has at least one incident inter-SCC edge will be visited by at least one trail because the edges incident to it are covered. However, consider an SCC that has both incoming and outgoing edges, but all its incident edges are covered by trails that pass through it? For example, suppose an SCC has one incoming edge e1 and one outgoing edge e2. If we have a trail that uses e1 and then e2 consecutively (i.e., e1 -> e2), then that trail visits the SCC. If we have separate trails: one trail uses e1 and ends at the SCC, another trail starts at the SCC and uses e2, then the SCC is visited by both trails (one ends there, one starts there). So it's still visited. So any SCC with at least one incident inter-SCC edge will be visited by some trail because the edge is covered, and the trail that covers that edge will include the SCC as either start, end, or intermediate. So internal edges are covered.

Thus, the minimum number of strings = (minimum number of trails covering all inter-SCC edges) + (number of isolated SCCs with no inter-SCC edges). But wait, what about SCCs that have inter-SCC edges but are not visited by any trail that covers all internal edges? As argued, they are visited. However, there is a corner case: an SCC that has only outgoing edges (source) but we might have multiple trails starting there. If we have multiple trails starting at that SCC, each will start at some vertex in the SCC and then exit via an outgoing edge. But do we need to ensure that all internal edges of that SCC are covered by at least one of these trails? Yes. If we have multiple trails starting at the SCC, we can design one of them to cover all internal edges before exiting, and the others can just go directly from their start vertex to the tail of their outgoing edge without covering all internal edges. That's fine. So we need at least one trail that visits the SCC and covers all internal edges. In the source case, we have at least one trail starting there (since outdegree>0, we need at least one trail per outgoing edge? Actually, we need at least outdegree(source) trails starting there to cover each outgoing edge. So there will be multiple trails. We can designate one of them to cover all internal edges. So internal edges are covered.

Similarly for sink SCCs: multiple trails may end there; we can have one of them cover all internal edges after entering.

Thus, the count of trails from the edge cover suffices.

Now, we must also consider that the original graph may have self-loops (like "AA"). How do they fit into the SCC decomposition? A self-loop is an edge from a vertex to itself. In directed graphs, a self-loop makes the vertex its own SCC (since it's trivially strongly connected). It also contributes to indegree and outdegree. In the condensation, that SCC is a single vertex with a self-loop. But note: self-loop is an internal edge of that SCC. It does not connect to other SCCs. So it's like an isolated SCC? Not exactly: it has an edge (the self-loop) but no inter-SCC edges. So it's an SCC with no incoming or outgoing edges to other SCCs. It should be treated as an isolated SCC, requiring its own walk to cover that self-loop. However, could a walk that starts and ends in that SCC cover the self-loop? Yes, we could have a string like "AA" which is just the self-loop. That would be one string. So it adds 1 to the count.

But what about an SCC that consists of a single vertex with multiple self-loops? That's possible if there are multiple product names like "AA", "AA"? No, they are distinct, so only one self-loop per pair? Actually, product names are distinct strings of length 2. So there can be at most one edge between any ordered pair of letters. So at most one self-loop per letter. So fine.

Now, the condensation DAG: vertices are SCCs. Edges are inter-SCC edges (from one SCC to another). We need to cover all these edges with trails. The minimum number of trails covering all edges (each exactly once) is |E_inter| - maximum matching in the bipartite graph where left nodes are edges (as "from" side) and right nodes are edges (as "to" side), with an arc from edge e (u->v) to edge f (v->w) if they can be consecutive (i.e., head of e = tail of f). This is a standard reduction. However, we must also consider that trails can start and end at any vertex. The matching pairs edges that are linked consecutively; each unmatched left edge corresponds to a trail start, each unmatched right edge corresponds to a trail end. The number of trails = |E| - (number of matched pairs). Because each matched pair reduces the number of trails by 1 compared to having each edge as a separate trail.

But is this always valid for a DAG? The matching approach works for any directed graph, not necessarily acyclic, as long as we consider edges as nodes and we want to partition them into trails where consecutive edges share a vertex (head of first = tail of second). However, there is a nuance: In a trail, edges are used in sequence, and we cannot have two edges that share a vertex but are not consecutive in the trail? Actually, the matching approach essentially finds a set of pairings of edges that will be concatenated. It ensures that each edge has at most one successor and at most one predecessor in the decomposition. This yields a set of edge-disjoint trails (each edge used exactly once). This is exactly the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges exactly once. This is known as the minimum path cover of the edges, and it can be solved by maximum matching in the line graph. However, the line graph can be large (up to number of edges, which could be up to 26^2 = 676). That's manageable.

But we must be careful: The matching approach assumes that we can arrange the trails such that the order of edges respects the direction. That's fine. However, there is an additional constraint: In our original problem, a walk (string) can have repeated vertices and edges, but we are constructing trails that use each inter-SCC edge exactly once. That's okay. But we must also ensure that the trails we construct are feasible as walks in the original graph, i.e., that there exists a walk that follows the sequence of inter-SCC edges, with possible internal edges inserted. Since SCCs are strongly connected, we can always go from the head of one inter-SCC edge (which is in some SCC) to the tail of the next inter-SCC edge (which is in the same SCC if the next edge starts from the same SCC? Wait, consecutive inter-SCC edges in a trail: Suppose we have edge e1: from SCC A to SCC B, and e2: from SCC B to SCC C. In the trail, after traversing e1, we are in SCC B (at the head vertex of e1). To traverse e2, we need to be at the tail vertex of e2, which is in SCC B. Since SCC B is strongly connected, we can travel from the head vertex of e1 to the tail vertex of e2 using internal edges of B. So it's feasible. If e1 and e2 are not consecutive in the condensation (i.e., e1 goes from A to B, e2 goes from B to D, but there might be multiple edges from B to different SCCs), it's still fine as long as the head of e1 is in B and the tail of e2 is in B. So the condition for concatenation is simply that the head SCC of e1 equals the tail SCC of e2. That's exactly the condition used in the matching: e1 (u->v) and e2 (v->w) can be consecutive if v is the same vertex? Wait, in the condensation, vertices are SCCs, but the edges are between SCCs. However, the actual inter-SCC edges are between specific vertices (letters) that belong to those SCCs. For two inter-SCC edges to be consecutive in a walk, we need that the head vertex of the first edge (which is in SCC B) can reach the tail vertex of the second edge (which is also in SCC B) via a directed path within SCC B. Since SCC B is strongly connected, such a path always exists. So the condition reduces to: the SCC of the head of e1 equals the SCC of the tail of e2. But is that sufficient? Yes, because we can always travel within that SCC from the head to the tail. However, there is a subtlety: what if the SCC B has no internal edges? It could be a single vertex with no self-loop? But if it's an SCC, it must be strongly connected. For a single vertex with no self-loop, strong connectivity holds trivially (a vertex is strongly connected to itself). However, to travel from the head vertex to the tail vertex, if they are the same vertex, it's trivial (stay). If they are different vertices, but the SCC consists of a single vertex, then head and tail must be the same vertex because there is only one vertex. So it's fine. If the SCC has multiple vertices, there must be internal edges to ensure strong connectivity. But is it guaranteed that there is a directed path from any vertex to any other within the SCC? Yes, by definition of strong connectivity. So we can always find a path. Therefore, the condition for concatenating inter-SCC edges is simply that the head SCC of e1 equals the tail SCC of e2. But note: e1 and e2 are inter-SCC edges; each has a tail in some SCC and head in some SCC. So the condition is: SCC(head(e1)) == SCC(tail(e2)). Since head(e1) is in some SCC, tail(e2) is in some SCC. So we can define a bipartite graph where left nodes are inter-SCC edges, right nodes are inter-SCC edges, and we connect e (from A to B) to f (from C to D) if B == C (i.e., the SCC of head of e equals the SCC of tail of f). That's the matching condition.

But wait: Could there be a case where we want to concatenate edges that are not directly consecutive in the condensation but we need to go through multiple SCCs? That would be represented by a chain of edges in the trail; the matching will pair edges that are adjacent in the trail. So it's fine.

Thus, the minimum number of trails covering all inter-SCC edges is |E_inter| - maximum matching size in this bipartite graph.

However, we must also consider that we might be able to reduce the number of trails further by using walks that start and end in the same SCC and cover multiple inter-SCC edges by re-entering an SCC? But as argued, once you leave an SCC, you cannot return. So a walk cannot cover two inter-SCC edges that both exit the same SCC unless it starts there and takes one, then later somehow comes back to take another. That would require a cycle in the condensation, which doesn't exist. So a single walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits. Therefore, the decomposition into trails that use each inter-SCC edge exactly once and each trail is a simple path in the condensation is necessary. Could we cover an inter-SCC edge without using it as a transition between SCCs in a trail? For example, could a walk include an inter-SCC edge but then immediately return via another inter-SCC edge back to the original SCC? That would require an edge from the second SCC back to the first, which would make them in the same SCC (since there would be a cycle). So not possible in condensation. So each inter-SCC edge must be traversed exactly when moving from one SCC to another, and after that you cannot go back.

Thus, the trail decomposition approach seems correct.

Now, we also need to account for the fact that a trail might start at an SCC that has no incoming inter-SCC edge used in that trail (i.e., start at a source SCC) and end at an SCC with no outgoing inter-SCC edge used (sink). In the matching formulation, the number of trails = |E| - size of maximum matching. This counts each trail as a sequence of edges; the starts correspond to edges that are not matched as a successor, and ends correspond to edges not matched as a predecessor. This matches the idea that each trail is a maximal chain of matched edges.

But is this always the minimum number of walks? Could we do better by allowing a walk to cover an inter-SCC edge multiple times, thereby possibly merging trails in a way that reduces the count below |E| - maxMatching? For instance, suppose we have two trails: one from A to B (edge e1) and another from C to D (edge e2), with no connection between B and C. Could we combine them into one walk by traversing e1, then somehow go from B to C using a path that may include other inter-SCC edges that are already covered? But if there is no directed path from B to C in the condensation, it's impossible. If there is a directed path, then we could connect them, but that would involve traversing additional inter-SCC edges (which are already covered) possibly multiple times. That would effectively merge the two trails into one longer trail that includes e1, then a connecting path (which consists of some inter-SCC edges), then e2. However, the connecting path's edges are already covered (maybe by other trails). But if we include them in this combined walk, we are covering them again, which is allowed. This could reduce the total number of walks if we can absorb multiple trails into one by using connecting paths. But does this reduce the count below the minimum number of trails that cover each edge exactly once? Let's examine.

Suppose we have a set of trails (each using edges exactly once) that cover all edges. If we can connect two trails by a path that uses edges already covered (maybe from other trails), we could merge them into one walk, but that walk would now include edges that were previously in separate trails, and also the connecting edges (which might be from other trails). However, the other trails that originally covered those connecting edges would still exist unless we also merge them. This could lead to a single walk covering all edges, if the graph is such that there is a directed path from the end of any trail to the start of another, and we can chain them all together. But is it always possible to connect all trails into one if the condensation is weakly connected? Not necessarily, because you might have a source SCC with multiple outgoing edges; you cannot cover both outgoing edges in one walk, as argued. But could you cover both by having a walk that goes from the source SCC, takes one outgoing edge, later returns to the source SCC via some cycle? No cycle. So you cannot cover both outgoing edges in one walk. Therefore, the number of walks must be at least the number of "source SCCs" with outdegree >0? Actually, consider a source SCC with outdegree 2. You need at least 2 walks that start there. Could those two walks be merged into one by having one walk start at the source, take first outgoing edge, then later somehow come back to the source (impossible) to take the second? No. So you need at least 2 walks. In the trail decomposition, if we treat each inter-SCC edge as a separate trail, we would have 2 trails. But could we have a single trail that covers both outgoing edges by using one of them, then later from somewhere else take the other? To take the other outgoing edge, you must be at the source SCC again. Since you can't return, impossible. So the minimum number of walks is at least the maximum over all SCCs of (outdegree - indegree?) Actually, for source SCC (indegree 0), the number of walks that start there must be at least outdegree. Because each outgoing edge must be traversed by some walk, and any walk that traverses an outgoing edge from that SCC must either start at that SCC or enter it via an incoming edge. Since indegree is 0, it cannot enter, so it must start there. And a walk starting there can only traverse one outgoing edge (the one it takes to exit). So number of walks starting at that SCC >= outdegree. Similarly, for sink SCC (outdegree 0), number of walks ending there >= indegree. For other SCCs, the number of walks that pass through must satisfy flow conservation: number of walks that enter = number that exit + (number that end there) - (number that start there). But we can choose to start or end walks at intermediate SCCs as well. So the minimal number of walks is at least the maximum over all subsets of something like the deficiency.

This is reminiscent of the minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges in a directed graph, which is given by the maximum over all vertices of (outdegree - indegree) summed positively? Actually, for the problem of covering all edges with walks (allowing repeats), the minimum number of walks is equal to the number of "weakly connected components" that are not strongly connected? Let's derive properly.

We can think of each walk as contributing +1 to the outdegree of its start vertex (in terms of net flow) and +1 to the indegree of its end vertex. For each vertex v, let d_out(v) and d_in(v) be the numbers of inter-SCC edges incident (outgoing and incoming). In any set of walks covering all edges, let s_v be the number of walks that start at v, and t_v be the number that end at v. Then, considering the flow through v: the total number of times walks enter v via inter-SCC edges is exactly d_in(v) (since each incoming edge is traversed exactly once by some walk, and that walk enters v via that edge). However, a walk could also start at v, which doesn't count as an entry via an edge. Similarly, the total number of times walks exit v via inter-SCC edges is exactly d_out(v). A walk could end at v, which doesn't count as an exit via an edge. So we have:

For each vertex v (SCC):
Number of walks that enter v via edges = d_in(v).
Number of walks that exit v via edges = d_out(v).
Let s_v = number of walks that start at v (no incoming edge used for that walk at v).
Let t_v = number of walks that end at v (no outgoing edge used for that walk at v).
Then, the total number of walks that pass through v (i.e., enter and then exit) is something. But we can relate:
Total walks that arrive at v (including those that start there) = d_in(v) + s_v.
Total walks that depart from v (including those that end there) = d_out(v) + t_v.
Since every walk that arrives and does not end must depart, we have:
d_in(v) + s_v = d_out(v) + t_v   (1)

This is because the number of walks that are at v after considering arrivals must equal the number that are at v before departures? Actually, think of each walk as a unit that is at v at some point. The total number of walks that are "present" at v just after arriving (including those that start there) equals the total number that are present just before departing (including those that end there). Since walks are continuous, the number of walks that enter v (including starts) must equal the number that leave v (including ends). So equation holds.

From (1), we get s_v - t_v = d_out(v) - d_in(v).

Now, the total number of walks P = sum_v s_v = sum_v t_v (since each walk has one start and one end). Also, sum_v (s_v - t_v) = 0, which matches sum_v (d_out - d_in) = 0.

We want to minimize P. Since s_v and t_v are nonnegative integers satisfying s_v - t_v = d_out(v) - d_in(v). For each v, the minimum possible s_v given the difference is max(0, d_out(v) - d_in(v)), because s_v = t_v + (d_out - d_in). Since t_v >= 0, s_v >= max(0, d_out - d_in). Similarly, t_v >= max(0, d_in - d_out). So the minimum possible total starts (and thus total walks) is at least sum_v max(0, d_out(v) - d_in(v)). Because we can set t_v = max(0, d_in - d_out) and s_v = max(0, d_out - d_in) to satisfy the equation with minimal s_v? Let's check: If we set s_v = max(0, d_out - d_in) and t_v = max(0, d_in - d_out), then s_v - t_v = d_out - d_in, and both are nonnegative. This yields a feasible assignment? We also need to ensure that the walks can be arranged to realize these start and end counts while covering all edges. This is essentially a flow decomposition problem. It is known that the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (each exactly once) is exactly max(1, sum_v max(0, d_out(v) - d_in(v)))? Actually, for Eulerian trails, if the graph is Eulerian (d_out = d_in for all vertices), then one trail suffices if the graph is connected. But here we have a directed graph that may not be strongly connected. The formula sum_v max(0, d_out - d_in) gives the minimum number of trails in a directed graph that cover all edges, provided the graph is weakly connected? I recall a theorem: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (each exactly once) is equal to max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v))). This holds for Eulerian trail decomposition where trails are edge-disjoint and cover all edges exactly once, and the graph is weakly connected. Actually, the number of Eulerian trails needed to cover all edges (allowing trails to start and end at different vertices) is exactly max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v))). This is a known result: the minimum number of directed trails that partition the edge set (each edge used exactly once) is equal to the number of vertices with outdeg > indeg, summed over the positive differences? Wait, I think it's: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (each edge exactly once) is equal to the number of vertices with (outdeg - indeg) > 0, summed over those positive differences. More precisely, if we denote excess(v) = outdeg(v) - indeg(v), then the minimum number of trails is max(1, sum_{v: excess(v)>0} excess(v)). This is because each trail consumes one unit of excess at its start (since start vertex has one more out than in along the trail) and one unit of deficit at its end. The total excess over all vertices is zero, so sum of positive excess equals sum of negative excess. The number of trails must be at least the total positive excess, and it is achievable by pairing starts and ends appropriately, provided the graph is weakly connected. If the graph is not weakly connected, we need to sum over each weakly connected component separately. Indeed, for each weakly connected component, the minimum number of trails to cover its edges is max(1, sum_{v in comp} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))) if the component has at least one edge; if the component has no edges, it's 0. But we also need to cover isolated vertices? Not needed.

Let's verify with examples. Sample 1: We'll compute later. Sample 2: We'll compute. Sample 3: We'll compute.

But is this formula equivalent to |E| - maximum matching? In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails covering all edges (edge-disjoint) is indeed |E| - maximum matching in the line graph, which also equals sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)) for a weakly connected graph? Let's test on a simple DAG: A->B, A->C. Here vertices: A outdeg=2 indeg=0, B outdeg=0 indeg=1, C outdeg=0 indeg=1. Positive excess: A:2, others 0. Sum positive excess = 2. |E|=2. Maximum matching? Edges: e1 (A->B), e2 (A->C). Can we match e1 to e2? They would need head of e1 = tail of e2, i.e., B == A? No. So no matching. So |E| - maxMatching = 2 - 0 = 2. So matches. If we had A->B, B->C. Then A outdeg=1 indeg=0, B outdeg=1 indeg=1, C outdeg=0 indeg=1. Positive excess: A:1, others 0 => sum=1. |E|=2. Can we match e1 (A->B) to e2 (B->C)? Yes, because head of e1 = B = tail of e2. So maxMatching=1, then |E|-1=1. So matches. So indeed the formula sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) gives the minimum number of trails for a weakly connected directed graph, provided the graph is "Eulerian" in the sense that it's possible to decompose into that many trails. I think it's a known theorem: In a directed graph, the minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges (each exactly once) is equal to the number of vertices with outdeg > indeg, summed over the positive differences, unless the graph has no edges, in which case it's 0. This holds for each weakly connected component. And if the component has no edges (i.e., isolated vertex), it's 0 but we might need to cover that vertex if it has internal edges? Wait, this is for inter-SCC edges only. For our condensation DAG, each SCC is a vertex in the DAG. The inter-SCC edges are the edges of this DAG. So we can apply this formula to each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG. But note: the condensation DAG might have multiple weakly connected components (i.e., the original graph might have multiple weakly connected components when considering only inter-SCC edges? Actually, the original graph's weak connectivity is based on all edges, including internal SCC edges. But the condensation DAG's weak connectivity corresponds to the original graph's weak connectivity after collapsing SCCs? Since SCCs are internally strongly connected, the original graph is weakly connected iff the condensation DAG is weakly connected (considering underlying undirected edges). So the number of weakly connected components of the original graph equals the number of weakly connected components of the condensation DAG. However, there might be SCCs that have no inter-SCC edges but are connected to other SCCs via internal edges? No, internal edges are within SCC, so they don't connect different SCCs. So if two SCCs are in the same weakly connected component of the original graph, there must be a path that may go through inter-SCC edges and possibly internal edges? Actually, weak connectivity in the original graph means there is an undirected path using edges regardless of direction. Since internal edges are within SCCs, they don't connect different SCCs. So to go from one SCC to another, you must use inter-SCC edges (in either direction when ignoring direction). So the condensation DAG's underlying undirected graph captures the weak connectivity of the original graph. So yes.

Thus, we can compute the minimum number of trails covering all inter-SCC edges as the sum over each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG of max(1, sum_{v in component} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)))? Wait, the formula sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) gives the minimum number of trails for a weakly connected directed graph that has at least one edge. But if the component has no edges (i.e., an isolated SCC with no inter-SCC edges), then it's not covered by this sum; we need to add 1 for that SCC (since it has internal edges that need coverage). However, if a component has inter-SCC edges, the formula sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) might be zero if for all vertices outdeg=indeg. In that case, the minimum number of trails is 1 (since you can have an Eulerian circuit covering all edges, which is one trail). But the formula sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) would be 0, so we need to take max(1, that sum). So for a component with at least one edge, the minimum number of trails is max(1, total positive excess). This matches the Eulerian trail theory: if the graph is balanced (excess sum zero and each vertex balanced), then one trail suffices if the graph is connected (Eulerian circuit). If not balanced, you need at least total positive excess trails.

Thus, for each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG that has at least one inter-SCC edge, the minimum number of trails needed to cover those edges is max(1, sum_{v in comp} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))). For components with no inter-SCC edges (i.e., isolated SCCs), we need 1 trail (to cover its internal edges). But note: an isolated SCC might have internal edges (like self-loop or cycle). So it contributes 1.

But wait, could an SCC that has no inter-SCC edges but is part of a larger weakly connected component via other SCCs? No, if it has no inter-SCC edges, it's isolated in the condensation DAG, meaning it's not connected to any other SCC. So it's its own component.

Now, we must also consider that the original graph might have SCCs that have internal edges but also inter-SCC edges; they are covered by the trails of their component.

Thus, the total minimum number of strings = sum over weakly connected components of the condensation DAG of (if component has at least one inter-SCC edge: max(1, sum_{v in comp} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))) ; else (i.e., component is a single SCC with no inter-SCC edges): 1). But is this always correct? Let's test on the sample inputs.

First, we need to construct the original directed graph from the given product names. Then compute SCCs (using Kosaraju or Tarjan). Then build condensation DAG: vertices are SCCs, edges are inter-SCC edges (from one SCC to another). Then for each SCC, we need to know its internal edges? Not needed for count, except to know if an SCC has any internal edges? Actually, if an SCC has no internal edges, can it exist? An SCC with more than one vertex must have internal edges to be strongly connected. A single vertex SCC could have no self-loop; then it has no internal edges. But does such an SCC appear? It would correspond to a letter that appears only as part of inter-SCC edges (i.e., as a source or sink of inter-SCC edges) but has no self-loop or other internal edges. For example, consider product names: AB, BC. The vertices A, B, C. Edges: A->B, B->C. The SCCs: each vertex is its own SCC because there is no cycle. So SCCs: {A}, {B}, {C}. Internal edges: none for each (since no self-loops or cycles). However, the SCCs have no internal edges. But do we need to cover them? The condition requires that each used product name (edge) appears as a substring. The edges are AB and BC. Those are inter-SCC edges. The vertices themselves are not product names. So we don't need to cover vertices. So an SCC with no internal edges does not require a dedicated walk just to cover internal edges, because there are none. However, such an SCC might still be visited as part of covering inter-SCC edges. If it's isolated (no inter-SCC edges), then it has no edges at all, so it shouldn't be considered because it wouldn't appear in the graph (since we only have vertices that are part of some edge). Actually, if an SCC has no internal edges and no inter-SCC edges, then it corresponds to a vertex that is not incident to any edge, which cannot happen because we only consider vertices that appear in at least one edge. So such an SCC would have at least one incident inter-SCC edge (since it's part of the graph). So it will be covered by trails. So we don't need to add extra for SCCs with no internal edges.

But what about an SCC that has internal edges? It could be a single vertex with a self-loop, or a cycle of multiple vertices. In that case, we need to ensure those internal edges are covered. As argued, if the SCC is part of a component with inter-SCC edges, it will be visited by at least one trail, and we can cover all internal edges during that visit. So no extra string needed beyond the trails covering inter-SCC edges. However, is it always possible to cover all internal edges of an SCC during a single visit that starts at a specific entry point and ends at a specific exit point? Let's examine more carefully.

Suppose an SCC has internal edges that need to be covered. When a trail passes through the SCC, it enters via some incoming edge (or starts there) and exits via some outgoing edge (or ends there). We have the freedom to design the walk within the SCC arbitrarily, as long as it starts at the entry vertex and ends at the exit vertex. We need to ensure that there exists a walk that covers all internal edges (at least once) while starting at entry and ending at exit. Is this always possible? Consider an SCC that is a directed cycle of three vertices: A->B, B->C, C->A. Internal edges are these three. Suppose we enter at vertex A (from some incoming edge) and need to exit at vertex B (via some outgoing edge). Can we cover all three edges in a walk from A to B? Let's try: start at A. We need to cover A->B, B->C, C->A. A possible walk: A->B (covers A->B), then B->C (covers B->C), then C->A (covers C->A), then A->B again (to end at B). This walk covers all three internal edges, starts at A, ends at B. It repeats A->B, but that's allowed. So yes.

What if the SCC is more complex? Since it's strongly connected, we can always find a closed walk covering all edges (a directed Chinese postman tour) that starts and ends at the same vertex. Then from that vertex, we can go to the exit vertex. So we can always cover all internal edges starting at entry and ending at exit, by first doing a closed walk covering all edges from entry back to entry, then going to exit. This may require traversing some edges multiple times, but that's fine. So it's always possible.

Thus, internal edges do not force extra strings beyond the trails covering inter-SCC edges, as long as the SCC is visited at least once.

Now, what about SCCs that have internal edges but no inter-SCC edges? They are isolated SCCs. They need a dedicated walk to cover their internal edges. That's one string.

Thus, the total minimum number of strings = sum over weakly connected components of the condensation DAG of f(comp), where f(comp) = 
- if comp has no inter-SCC edges (i.e., it's a single SCC with no edges to other SCCs): then 1 (to cover its internal edges). But wait, could such a component have multiple SCCs? If it has no inter-SCC edges, then it must consist of a single SCC, because if there were multiple SCCs, they'd need inter-SCC edges to be connected weakly? Actually, weak connectivity in the condensation DAG: if there are multiple SCCs but no inter-SCC edges, they are not connected, so they would be separate components. So a component with no inter-SCC edges is necessarily a single SCC with no inter-SCC edges. So it's isolated.

- else (comp has at least one inter-SCC edge): then the minimum number of trails needed to cover all inter-SCC edges in that component is max(1, sum_{v in comp} max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v))). But we must also ensure that all SCCs in the component are visited. However, if we cover all inter-SCC edges, will every SCC be visited? Consider a component that has inter-SCC edges but some SCC might have no incident inter-SCC edges? That can't happen because if an SCC is in a component with inter-SCC edges, it must be connected via undirected paths to other SCCs, which would require at least one inter-SCC edge incident to it (either incoming or outgoing). Because the component is weakly connected via inter-SCC edges. If an SCC had no incident inter-SCC edges, it would be isolated. So yes, each SCC in such a component has at least one inter-SCC edge. Therefore, covering all inter-SCC edges ensures each SCC is visited.

Now, is the formula max(1, total positive excess) always achievable? I believe yes, by constructing an Eulerian trail decomposition. There is a standard construction: add extra edges to balance the graph (by adding edges from deficit vertices to excess vertices) to make it Eulerian, then find an Eulerian circuit, then remove the added edges to break into trails. The number of trails equals the total positive excess. If total positive excess is 0, one trail (circuit) suffices. This works provided the graph is weakly connected. So it's achievable.

Thus, the answer is: For each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG (considering only inter-SCC edges), compute total_positive_excess = sum_{v in comp} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)). If the component has at least one inter-SCC edge, then the number of strings needed for that component is max(1, total_positive_excess). If the component has no inter-SCC edges (i.e., isolated SCC), then it contributes 1 (since it has internal edges that need coverage). But careful: an isolated SCC might have no internal edges? As argued, if it has no internal edges, then it wouldn't be in the graph because it would have no edges at all. But could there be an SCC that consists of a single vertex with no self-loop but with inter-SCC edges? That's not isolated. So isolated SCC must have at least one internal edge? Not necessarily: consider a vertex that appears only as part of inter-SCC edges, but if it has no internal edges and no inter-SCC edges, it wouldn't appear. So isolated SCC with no inter-SCC edges must have internal edges (otherwise it wouldn't be in the graph). So it contributes 1.

But wait, what about an SCC that has internal edges but also inter-SCC edges? It's covered by the component's trails. So no extra.

Now, we must also consider that the original graph might have multiple weakly connected components (considering all edges). Since the condensation DAG's weak components correspond to these, we sum over them.

Let's test on the samples.

Sample 1:
7 names: AB, BC, CA, CD, DE, DF, XX.
Let's list edges:
AB: A->B
BC: B->C
CA: C->A
CD: C->D
DE: D->E
DF: D->F
XX: X->X (self-loop)

Now, find SCCs. The subgraph involving A,B,C: A->B, B->C, C->A forms a cycle, so {A,B,C} is an SCC. D has edges: C->D, D->E, D->F. D has incoming from C, outgoing to E and F. E has only incoming from D, no outgoing. F has only incoming from D, no outgoing. So D, E, F are each their own SCC? Check: D has no path back to C? C->D but D cannot go back to C, so not strongly connected with C. D has no edges to itself? No self-loop. So D is its own SCC. E is sink, F is sink. X with self-loop is its own SCC (since self-loop makes it strongly connected with itself). So SCCs:
SCC1: {A,B,C} (internal edges: AB, BC, CA)
SCC2: {D} (no internal edges? Actually D has no self-loop, so internal edges none, but it has inter-SCC edges: incoming from SCC1 (C->D) and outgoing to SCC3 (D->E) and SCC4 (D->F))
SCC3: {E} (sink, no internal edges)
SCC4: {F} (sink)
SCC5: {X} (self-loop internal edge XX)

Now, condensation DAG vertices: 1,2,3,4,5.
Edges:
1->2 (C->D)
2->3 (D->E)
2->4 (D->F)
No edges involving 5.

Now, weakly connected components: Component A: vertices 1,2,3,4 are connected (since 1->2, 2->3,2->4). Component B: vertex 5 isolated.

Now, for component A (has inter-SCC edges). Compute outdeg and indeg for each vertex in this component (considering only inter-SCC edges):
Vertex1 (SCC1): outdeg=1 (to 2), indeg=0 (no incoming from other SCCs? Actually, does SCC1 have any incoming inter-SCC edges? From other SCCs? No. So indeg=0.
Vertex2: outdeg=2 (to 3 and 4), indeg=1 (from 1).
Vertex3: outdeg=0, indeg=1 (from 2).
Vertex4: outdeg=0, indeg=1 (from 2).

Now, compute positive excess: max(0, out-in):
v1: 1-0=1 -> 1
v2: 2-1=1 -> 1
v3: 0-1=-1 -> 0
v4: 0-1=-1 -> 0
Total positive excess = 2.
max(1,2)=2. So component A contributes 2 strings.

Component B: isolated SCC with no inter-SCC edges, but has internal edge (XX). So contributes 1.

Total = 3. Matches sample output 3.

Sample 2:
5 names: AC, BC, CD, DE, DF.
Edges:
AC: A->C
BC: B->C
CD: C->D
DE: D->E
DF: D->F

Find SCCs: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. No cycles. So each letter is its own SCC. SCCs: A, B, C, D, E, F.
Edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F.
Now condensation DAG vertices: A,B,C,D,E,F.
Edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F.
Weakly connected? Underlying undirected: A-C, B-C, C-D, D-E, D-F. So all are in one component (since C connects to A,B,D; D connects to E,F). So one component.

Compute outdeg/indeg (inter-SCC edges only):
A: out=1 (to C), in=0 -> excess 1
B: out=1 (to C), in=0 -> excess 1
C: out=1 (to D), in=2 (from A,B) -> excess -1 -> 0
D: out=2 (to E,F), in=1 (from C) -> excess 1 -> 1
E: out=0, in=1 -> 0
F: out=0, in=1 -> 0
Total positive excess = 1+1+1 = 3.
max(1,3)=3. But sample output is 2. So discrepancy! Our computed 3, but answer is 2. So our formula overcounts.

Let's examine sample 2. They gave an NG list with two strings: ACDE and BCDF. Let's see how these strings cover edges. String1: ACDE: substrings: AC, CD, DE. So covers AC, CD, DE. String2: BCDF: substrings: BC, CD, DF. So covers BC, CD, DF. So all edges covered: AC, BC, CD, DE, DF. Note that CD appears in both, but that's okay. So indeed 2 strings suffice. Our formula gave 3. Why?

Let's analyze the condensation DAG. The edges are: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. According to our reasoning, we need to cover these inter-SCC edges with trails. Let's try to find the minimum number of trails covering these edges. Can we cover all edges with 2 trails? Let's attempt:

Trail 1: A->C, C->D, D->E (covers A->C, C->D, D->E)
Trail 2: B->C, C->D, D->F (covers B->C, C->D, D->F)

But note: Trail 2 uses C->D again, which is already covered by Trail 1. If we require each edge exactly once, we cannot use C->D twice. But we are allowed to repeat edges, so we could have Trail 2 also use C->D, but then C->D would be covered twice. However, in the trail decomposition approach, we assumed each edge is covered exactly once to minimize trails, but maybe we can cover an edge multiple times if it allows merging trails? In this case, if we allow C->D to be used in both trails, we are effectively covering it twice, but that doesn't increase the number of trails. However, the trails are separate strings; they both contain CD as substring. That's allowed. So we are not forced to have each inter-SCC edge appear exactly once across all strings; it can appear in multiple strings. The condition only requires that each used name appears in at least one string. So we can cover an edge multiple times. This could potentially reduce the number of strings, because we might be able to combine edges into fewer strings by reusing some edges as connectors.

In the sample, they used CD in both strings, effectively using it as a "bridge" to connect from C to D in both trails. But if we think of trails as covering edges, we could have a single trail that goes A->C->D->E and another that goes B->C->D->F. These are two trails, each using C->D. So total edges covered: A->C, B->C, C->D (twice), D->E, D->F. So C->D is covered twice. In terms of covering all edges, we have covered all five distinct edges. The number of trails is 2. Our earlier formula that assumed each edge used exactly once gave 3 because we would need to partition the edge set into trails without repetition. But allowing repetition can reduce the number of trails because we can reuse edges to connect multiple paths. In this case, by reusing C->D, we can have two trails instead of three. Could we even do with one trail? Let's see if one walk could cover all edges. A single walk would need to start somewhere, cover A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. To cover both A->C and B->C, we need to be at A and B respectively before going to C. Starting at A, we could go A->C, then we are at C. To cover B->C, we need to be at B then go to C. But from C, can we get to B? There is no edge from C to B. The graph is not strongly connected; there is no path from C back to A or B. So we cannot cover both A->C and B->C in one walk. Similarly, after C->D, we are at D. To cover both D->E and D->F, we would need to go from D to E, then back to D to go to F, but there is no edge from E back to D. So one walk cannot cover both outgoing edges from D. So minimum is 2. So the answer is 2.

Our earlier formula based on excess gave 3 because it assumed each edge used exactly once and trails cannot share edges. But we can share edges (repeat them) to connect multiple trails. However, does sharing edges always help reduce the number of trails? In this case, sharing C->D allowed us to have two trails instead of three. But could we have done with 2 trails without repeating any edge? Let's try to partition edges into two trails without repetition: we need to assign each edge to exactly one trail. The edges are: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. Can we partition into two trails? A trail is a sequence of edges where consecutive edges share a vertex (head of first = tail of second). Possible trails: One trail could be A->C, C->D, D->E. That uses A->C, C->D, D->E. The remaining edges are B->C and D->F. Can these form a trail? B->C then ? The next edge would need to start at C, but the only edge from C is C->D, which is already used. So we cannot continue. So B->C alone is a trail of length 1, and D->F alone is a trail of length 1. That would be three trails. Alternatively, trail1: B->C, C->D, D->F; trail2: A->C, C->D? But C->D can't be in both if no repetition. So not possible. So without repetition, minimum is 3. With repetition, we can have 2. So allowing repetition reduces the count.

Thus, our earlier reduction to covering inter-SCC edges with trails that use each edge exactly once is too restrictive. We need to allow edges to be used multiple times across different strings (or even within the same string) to connect trails. The key is that we can reuse edges to serve as connectors between different paths. This is similar to the concept of "minimum number of walks covering all edges" where walks can repeat edges. This is known as the "minimum number of trails to cover all edges" in a directed graph when repetition is allowed. There is a known result: The minimum number of trails (walks that may repeat edges) needed to cover all edges of a directed graph is equal to the number of "weakly connected components" that are not "Eulerian" in the sense of having at most one vertex with outdeg > indeg? Actually, we need to derive.

Let's think from first principles. We have a directed graph G (original, with all allowed edges). We want the minimum number of walks (strings) such that each edge is traversed at least once. Walks can repeat edges arbitrarily. This is essentially the problem of finding the minimum number of "open Eulerian trails" that cover all edges, allowing extra traversals. This is similar to the "Chinese postman" but for multiple routes. There is a known concept: The minimum number of postmen needed to cover all edges, each postman starts and ends at the depot? Not exactly.

We can think of it as: We want to cover all edges with a set of walks. Each walk can be thought of as a trail that may repeat edges. We can combine walks by adding connecting paths that consist of already-covered edges (or new edges, but they are already covered). The minimal number of walks is essentially the minimum number of "starting points" needed, given that we can traverse edges multiple times to move between components.

Consider the condensation DAG. Since SCCs are strongly connected, we can move freely within an SCC. The main difficulty is moving between SCCs: once you leave an SCC, you cannot return. So a walk can only go forward along the DAG. Therefore, a walk corresponds to a path in the condensation DAG (a sequence of SCCs). It can cover multiple inter-SCC edges along that path, but only one outgoing edge from each SCC it visits (the one it uses to exit). However, it could also cover multiple outgoing edges from the same SCC if it visits that SCC multiple times? Not possible because can't return. So a single walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from each SCC. But it could cover multiple incoming edges to an SCC? It enters an SCC only once (via one incoming edge) because after entering, it's inside, and to enter again would require leaving and coming back, which is impossible. So a walk can cover at most one incoming edge to each SCC as well (the one it uses to enter). However, it could cover multiple incoming edges if it enters, leaves, and re-enters? No. So each walk contributes at most one to the count of covered outgoing edges from each SCC and at most one to the count of covered incoming edges to each SCC.

But we need to cover all outgoing edges from each SCC. For an SCC with outdegree d, we need at least d walks that exit that SCC (each via a distinct outgoing edge). However, a walk that exits an SCC must have entered it first (unless it starts there). So the number of walks that exit an SCC is equal to the number of walks that either start there or enter it. More precisely, for each SCC v, let x_v be the number of walks that start at v, and let y_v be the number that end at v. Then the number of walks that exit v via an inter-SCC edge is exactly outdeg(v) (since each outgoing edge must be traversed by some walk, and each such traversal is an exit from v). However, a walk could exit v multiple times? No, because after exiting, it cannot return, so a walk can exit v at most once. Therefore, the number of walks that exit v is exactly the number of outgoing edges from v that are covered (each by a distinct walk). Since we need to cover all outdeg(v) edges, we need at least outdeg(v) walks that exit v. Similarly, the number of walks that enter v is indeg(v) (each incoming edge is traversed by some walk, and each such traversal is an entry). A walk can enter v at most once (since after entering, it either ends or exits, but cannot re-enter). So the number of walks that enter v is exactly indeg(v). Now, the number of walks that start at v is s_v, and the number that end at v is t_v. Then we have:

Number of walks that exit v = outdeg(v) = (number of walks that start at v) + (number of walks that enter v and then exit) ??? Actually, a walk that exits v either started at v (so it exits without having entered) or entered v via an incoming edge and then exits. So:

outdeg(v) = s_v + (number of walks that enter v and then exit). But the number of walks that enter v is indeg(v). Among those, some may end at v (t_v) and some may exit after entering. So:

indeg(v) = t_v + (number of walks that enter v and then exit).

Thus, number of walks that enter v and then exit = indeg(v) - t_v.

Then outdeg(v) = s_v + (indeg(v) - t_v) => s_v - t_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v). Same as before.

Now, total number of walks P = sum_v s_v = sum_v t_v.

We have constraints: s_v, t_v >= 0 integers, and s_v - t_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v). Additionally, we must have that the walks can be arranged to realize these start/end counts while covering all edges. This is essentially a flow problem: we need to find a set of walks that realize these numbers. The minimal possible P is at least the minimum sum of s_v subject to s_v - t_v = outdeg(v)-indeg(v) and s_v, t_v >=0. As before, the minimal sum of s_v is sum_v max(0, outdeg(v)-indeg(v)). Because we can set s_v = max(0, outdeg-indeg), t_v = max(0, indeg-outdeg). Then sum s_v = total positive excess. This gives a lower bound P >= total positive excess.

But is this lower bound achievable? In sample 2, total positive excess = 3, but we achieved P=2. So the lower bound is not tight; we achieved fewer walks than total positive excess. How is that possible? Let's compute outdeg and indeg for each SCC in sample 2:

A: out=1, in=0 => excess 1
B: out=1, in=0 => excess 1
C: out=1, in=2 => excess -1
D: out=2, in=1 => excess 1
E: out=0, in=1 => excess -1
F: out=0, in=1 => excess -1

Total positive excess = 1+1+1 = 3. So lower bound says at least 3 walks. But we found 2 walks. So our reasoning about the relationship between s_v, t_v and outdeg/indeg must be flawed when we allow edges to be traversed multiple times. Because in our derivation, we assumed that each outgoing edge is traversed exactly once, and each walk can exit an SCC at most once. That still holds even if edges are repeated? Wait, if we allow edges to be traversed multiple times, then an outgoing edge could be traversed by more than one walk, or by the same walk multiple times? But a walk can exit an SCC multiple times if it re-enters? It cannot re-enter, so a walk can exit at most once. However, an outgoing edge could be traversed by multiple walks. In that case, outdeg(v) is the number of distinct outgoing edges, but the number of traversals of outgoing edges could be greater than outdeg(v). In our counting of walks that exit v, we considered that each outgoing edge must be covered at least once, but a walk that exits v does so via some outgoing edge. If an outgoing edge is covered by multiple walks, then the number of walks that exit v could be greater than outdeg(v). But we only need to cover each edge at least once, so we could have more walks exiting v than outdeg(v) if some edges are covered by multiple walks. However, we want to minimize number of walks, so we would not want to have extra walks beyond necessary. So we would aim to have exactly one walk per outgoing edge? Not necessarily, because a single walk could cover multiple outgoing edges if it could exit multiple times, but it can't. So to cover d outgoing edges, we need at least d walks that exit v, because each walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from v. However, could a walk cover an outgoing edge without exiting v? No, traversing an outgoing edge means exiting v. So each outgoing edge must be traversed by some walk, and each walk can traverse at most one outgoing edge from v (since after traversing one, it leaves v and cannot come back to traverse another). Therefore, the number of walks that exit v must be at least outdeg(v). Actually, it must be at least outdeg(v) because each outgoing edge needs to be traversed by at least one walk, and each walk can cover at most one outgoing edge from v. So we have:

Number of walks that exit v >= outdeg(v).

Similarly, number of walks that enter v >= indeg(v).

Now, let s_v be number of walks that start at v (i.e., exit without having entered), and let t_v be number of walks that end at v (i.e., enter without exiting). Let e_v be number of walks that enter v and then exit (i.e., pass through). Then:

Number of walks that exit v = s_v + e_v.
Number of walks that enter v = t_v + e_v.

We have:
s_v + e_v >= outdeg(v)
t_v + e_v >= indeg(v)

Also, s_v, t_v, e_v >= 0 integers.

Total walks P = sum_v (s_v + e_v) (since each walk exits exactly one SCC? Actually, each walk exits exactly one SCC? A walk may exit multiple SCCs along its path. Wait, a walk goes through a sequence of SCCs. It starts in some SCC (s_start =1 for that SCC), then it exits that SCC (so it contributes to exit count of that SCC), then enters the next SCC, may exit it, etc., and finally ends in some SCC (t_end=1). So a walk contributes to exit of each SCC it leaves (which is all SCCs it visits except the last), and contributes to entry of each SCC it enters (which is all SCCs it visits except the first). So for a given walk, it will exit several SCCs (each time it moves to the next SCC). So the counts s_v, e_v, t_v are per SCC but aggregated over all walks. The variables s_v count walks that start at v (so they exit v but did not enter v). e_v counts walks that both enter and exit v (i.e., pass through). t_v counts walks that end at v (enter but not exit). Then for each SCC v, the total number of walks that exit v is s_v + e_v, and total number that enter v is t_v + e_v.

Now, we also have that each outgoing edge must be traversed at least once. However, a walk that exits v may traverse one outgoing edge (the one it uses to exit). But could a walk traverse an outgoing edge from v without exiting v? No, traversing an outgoing edge necessarily exits v. So each exit corresponds to traversing exactly one outgoing edge (the one used to exit). However, a walk could potentially traverse an outgoing edge from v and later, after moving to other SCCs, could traverse another outgoing edge from v? That would require being back in v, which is impossible. So each exit from v corresponds to exactly one outgoing edge traversal. Therefore, the total number of outgoing edge traversals (counting multiplicities) is equal to the total number of exits from v, i.e., s_v + e_v. But we need each distinct outgoing edge to be traversed at least once. So we need that the set of outgoing edges covered by these exits includes all outdeg(v) edges. Since each exit covers exactly one outgoing edge, we need at least outdeg(v) exits, but they could cover the same edge multiple times if we have more exits than edges. However, to cover all distinct edges, we need that the number of exits that cover distinct edges is at least outdeg(v). The minimal number of exits needed to cover all distinct outgoing edges is at least outdeg(v), but it could be more if some exits cover edges already covered. To minimize total walks, we would try to have exactly outdeg(v) exits, each covering a distinct outgoing edge. So we can aim for s_v + e_v = outdeg(v) (if possible). Similarly, t_v + e_v = indeg(v) (if possible). Because if we have more exits than outdeg(v), that would mean some outgoing edge is traversed multiple times, which might be wasteful but could be necessary to connect walks? However, having extra exits would increase the number of walks? Not necessarily: the number of walks P is not directly sum of exits; P = total number of walks. Each walk contributes to exactly one start (s at its start SCC) and one end (t at its end SCC), and contributes to exits and entries for intermediate SCCs. The total number of walks P = sum_v s_v = sum_v t_v. Also, sum_v (s_v + e_v) = total number of exits across all SCCs. Since each walk exits every SCC it visits except the last, the total number of exits across all SCCs equals total number of walks times (average number of SCCs visited minus 1). So it's not directly P.

But we can derive constraints linking these variables. Let's denote for each SCC v: 
- out_needed(v) = outdeg(v) (number of distinct outgoing inter-SCC edges)
- in_needed(v) = indeg(v)

We need to assign each outgoing edge to some walk that exits v via that edge. Similarly, each incoming edge to some walk that enters v via that edge.

We want to minimize P, the number of walks.

This looks like a problem of covering the edges of a DAG with a minimum number of paths, where paths can share edges (i.e., edges can be used by multiple paths). This is similar to the "minimum path cover" problem but with the twist that edges can be reused. In the standard minimum path cover (vertex cover), we want to cover all vertices with disjoint paths; here we want to cover all edges with paths that may overlap.

We can think of each walk as a path in the condensation DAG that uses a sequence of edges. Since edges can be reused, we can have multiple walks that share edges. The goal is to cover all edges with as few walks as possible. This is analogous to the problem of finding the minimum number of chains to cover all edges in a poset? Not exactly.

Let's try to formulate as a flow problem. Consider we want to select a set of walks. Each walk can be thought of as a path from some start SCC to some end SCC. The set of walks must collectively include each edge at least once. We can allow walks to include extra edges beyond those needed for coverage, but that would only increase length, not number of walks, so we can assume each walk is a simple path in the DAG (no repeated vertices) because repeating vertices would require cycles, which don't exist. So each walk corresponds to a directed path in the DAG.

Now, we need to choose a collection of directed paths such that every edge is covered by at least one path. This is exactly the "minimum path cover of the edges" problem, but with the allowance that paths can share edges (i.e., edges can be covered by multiple paths). In the standard edge path cover, we usually require each edge to be covered exactly once and paths to be edge-disjoint? No, that's different. Here we allow overlapping. The objective is to minimize the number of paths.

This is reminiscent of the "minimum number of chains to cover all edges of a DAG" which can be solved by a greedy algorithm? Let's think.

We can model this as: we have a DAG. We want to find the minimum number of directed paths such that every edge is contained in at least one path. This is equivalent to the problem of finding the minimum number of paths that cover all edges, which is known to be equal to the size of a minimum edge cut? Not sure.

Let's consider the condensation DAG from sample 2. It is a DAG with vertices A,B,C,D,E,F and edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. We need to cover all edges with paths. Can we cover all edges with 2 paths? Yes, as shown: Path1: A->C->D->E (covers A->C, C->D, D->E). Path2: B->C->D->F (covers B->C, C->D, D->F). Note that C->D is covered by both paths. So overlapping allowed. So the minimum is 2.

What is the structural property that determines the minimum number? It seems related to the number of sources and sinks. In this DAG, sources: A and B (indeg 0). Sinks: E and F (outdeg 0). Also, there is a vertex C with indeg 2, outdeg 1; D with indeg 1, outdeg 2. The minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges might be max(number of sources, number of sinks)? In this case, sources=2, sinks=2, max=2. That matches. But is that always the case? Let's test on sample 1. In sample 1, condensation DAG: vertices: SCC1 (A,B,C), SCC2 (D), SCC3 (E), SCC4 (F). Sources: SCC1 (indeg 0) and maybe others? SCC1 indeg 0, outdeg 1. SCC2 indeg 1, outdeg 2. SCC3 indeg 1, outdeg 0. SCC4 indeg 1, outdeg 0. So sources: only SCC1? Actually, SCC1 has indeg 0, so source. Sinks: SCC3 and SCC4 (outdeg 0). So number of sources = 1, sinks = 2. max = 2. But answer for component A was 2 (since total 3 includes isolated X). So max(sources, sinks) = 2 matches component's contribution. But is that always? Let's test on a simple DAG: single edge A->B. Sources: A (1), sinks: B (1), max=1. Minimum paths to cover the edge? One path suffices: A->B. So 1 matches. DAG: A->B, A->C. Sources: A (1), sinks: B and C (2), max=2. Can we cover both edges with 1 path? A path can only go from A to one of B or C, not both. So need at least 2 paths. So max=2 works. DAG: A->B, B->C, A->C. Sources: A (1), sinks: C (1) (since B has outdeg 1, not sink). max=1. Can we cover all edges with 1 path? Let's see: A->B->C covers A->B and B->C, but not A->C. Could we cover A->C as well in one path? If we go A->C first, then we are at C, can't go to B. So one path cannot cover both A->B and A->C because after taking one, you can't return to A. So need at least 2 paths. But max(sources,sinks)=1, which would suggest 1, but actually need 2. So max(sources,sinks) is not sufficient.

Let's analyze this DAG: vertices A,B,C. Edges: A->B, B->C, A->C. Sources: A (indeg 0). Sinks: C (outdeg 0). B has outdeg 1, indeg 1. So max=1. But we need at least 2 paths. Why? Because from A, there are two outgoing edges. A single path can only take one outgoing edge from A. So we need at least outdeg(A) = 2 paths that start at A (since A is source, cannot be entered). So the number of paths must be at least the maximum over all vertices of outdeg(v) if v is a source? Actually, more generally, for any vertex v, the number of paths that start at v plus the number that pass through v must be at least outdeg(v). Since a path that passes through v enters via some incoming edge and then exits via one outgoing edge. So the total number of paths that exit v is s_v + e_v. This must be at least outdeg(v). Similarly, the number of paths that enter v is t_v + e_v >= indeg(v). But we can also derive lower bounds based on the structure.

In the DAG A->B, B->C, A->C, we have outdeg(A)=2, indeg(A)=0 => s_A + e_A >= 2. Since indeg(A)=0, e_A = 0 (no path can enter A because no incoming edges), so s_A >= 2. Thus at least 2 paths start at A. So P >= 2. So the lower bound from sources with high outdegree is important.

In sample 2, outdeg(A)=1, outdeg(B)=1, outdeg(D)=2. But D is not a source; it has indeg 1. So we could have paths that enter D and then exit. Let's compute lower bounds: For A: indeg=0 => s_A >= outdeg(A)=1. For B: indeg=0 => s_B >= outdeg(B)=1. For D: outdeg=2, indeg=1. We have s_D + e_D >= 2. Also t_D + e_D >= 1. We could set e_D=1, s_D=1, t_D=0? Then s_D=1, e_D=1 gives exits=2, entries=1 (t_D=0, e_D=1). That satisfies. Then total starts = s_A + s_B + s_D = 1+1+1=3. That would give P=3. But we achieved P=2. How? In the solution with 2 paths, let's compute s_v, e_v, t_v.

Paths:
Path1: A->C->D->E. This path: starts at A (s_A=1), passes through C? Actually, C is an SCC. In condensation, vertices: A, B, C, D, E, F. Path1: A -> C -> D -> E. So it starts at A (s_A=1), enters C (so e_C? Actually, for C: it enters via A->C, then exits via C->D. So for C, it enters and exits => e_C=1. For D: enters via C->D, exits via D->E => e_D=1. Ends at E => t_E=1.
Path2: B->C->D->F. Starts at B (s_B=1), enters C (e_C now? Actually, C gets another entry and exit, so e_C becomes 2? But careful: e_v counts number of walks that both enter and exit v. For C, both paths enter and exit, so e_C=2. For D, path2 enters and exits => e_D becomes 2? Actually, path2 enters D via C->D and exits via D->F, so e_D=2 (since both paths pass through D). Ends at F => t_F=1.

Now compute totals:
s_A=1, s_B=1, s_D=0 (since no path starts at D), s_C=0, s_E=0, s_F=0.
t_E=1, t_F=1, t_A=0, t_B=0, t_C=0, t_D=0.
e_C=2, e_D=2, e_A=0, e_B=0, e_E=0, e_F=0.

Now check constraints:
For A: outdeg=1, exits = s_A + e_A =1 >=1 ok; indeg=0, entries = t_A+e_A=0 ok.
B: out=1, exits=1; indeg=0, entries=0.
C: out=1, exits = s_C+e_C =0+2=2 >=1; indeg=2, entries = t_C+e_C =0+2=2 >=2.
D: out=2, exits = s_D+e_D =0+2=2 >=2; indeg=1, entries = t_D+e_D =0+2=2 >=1.
E: out=0, exits=0; indeg=1, entries = t_E+e_E =1+0=1 >=1.
F: out=0, exits=0; indeg=1, entries =1.

So constraints satisfied. Total starts = s_A+s_B+s_D+... = 2, which equals P=2. So we have s_A=1, s_B=1, s_D=0. That's less than outdeg(D)=2, but we have e_D=2 providing the exits. So the lower bound from outdeg(D) is not simply s_D >= outdeg(D) because e_D can contribute. The earlier lower bound P >= sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) came from assuming that s_v = max(0, outdeg-indeg) and t_v = max(0, indeg-outdeg) and e_v = indeg - t_v = outdeg - s_v? Actually, from s_v - t_v = outdeg - indeg, and s_v + e_v >= outdeg, t_v + e_v >= indeg. If we set s_v = max(0, outdeg-indeg) and t_v = max(0, indeg-outdeg), then e_v must satisfy both: e_v >= outdeg - s_v and e_v >= indeg - t_v. Since outdeg - s_v = outdeg - max(0, outdeg-indeg) = min(outdeg, indeg). Similarly, indeg - t_v = min(indeg, outdeg). So e_v >= min(outdeg, indeg). So the minimal e_v is min(outdeg, indeg). Then total number of walks P = sum s_v. But is it necessary that e_v is at least min(outdeg, indeg)? In sample 2, for C, outdeg=1, indeg=2, min=1, but we have e_C=2 which is >1. For D, outdeg=2, indeg=1, min=1, but e_D=2 >1. So we used e_v larger than the minimum. That allowed s_v to be smaller than outdeg (for D, s_D=0). So the lower bound sum s_v >= sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) is not a strict lower bound because s_v can be less than outdeg-indeg if e_v is large? Wait, the equation s_v - t_v = outdeg - indeg is derived from the flow conservation assuming that each edge is traversed exactly once? Let's re-derive carefully with the possibility of multiple traversals.

We have variables: For each SCC v, let a_v be the number of times walks exit v (i.e., total number of traversals of outgoing edges from v). Since each exit corresponds to traversing some outgoing edge, and each outgoing edge may be traversed multiple times, a_v can be greater than outdeg(v). Similarly, let b_v be the number of times walks enter v (total traversals of incoming edges). Also, let s_v be number of walks that start at v, t_v number that end at v. Then we have:

a_v = s_v + (number of walks that enter v and then exit) = s_v + (b_v - t_v) because among the b_v entries, t_v of them end at v, the rest exit. So a_v = s_v + b_v - t_v.

Similarly, b_v = t_v + (a_v - s_v) because among a_v exits, s_v are starts, the rest are after entries. But that's the same equation.

So a_v - b_v = s_v - t_v.

Now, we need that each outgoing edge is traversed at least once. So a_v >= outdeg(v). Similarly, b_v >= indeg(v).

We want to minimize P = total number of walks = sum_v s_v = sum_v t_v.

We have freedom to choose a_v, b_v, s_v, t_v nonnegative integers satisfying a_v - b_v = s_v - t_v, a_v >= outdeg(v), b_v >= indeg(v), and also the walks must be realizable as a set of paths in the DAG with those aggregate counts. But perhaps the realizability condition is that for each v, the number of walks that pass through v (i.e., e_v = b_v - t_v = a_v - s_v) must be nonnegative, and also the flow of walks through the DAG must satisfy some conservation across edges.

Additionally, the walks collectively define a multiset of paths. The aggregate counts a_v and b_v are not independent; they must satisfy that the total number of traversals of edges from u to v is some nonnegative integer, and the sum over v of traversals of edges from u to v equals a_u (since each exit from u goes to some v). Similarly, sum over u of traversals of edges from u to v equals b_v. And for each edge (u,v), the number of traversals must be at least 1 (to cover it). Let x_{uv} be the number of times edge (u,v) is traversed. Then:

For each u: sum_v x_{uv} = a_u.
For each v: sum_u x_{uv} = b_v.
x_{uv} >= 1 if edge exists, else 0.

We want to minimize P = sum_v s_v, where s_v = a_v - (b_v - t_v)? Actually, we have s_v = a_v - (b_v - t_v) = a_v - b_v + t_v. But t_v is not directly determined by a_v,b_v alone; we also have that each walk ends somewhere, so sum t_v = P. Also, t_v = b_v - e_v, where e_v = number of walks that pass through v (enter and exit). But maybe we can express P in terms of a_v and b_v and something else.

From a_v - b_v = s_v - t_v, summing over v: sum (a_v - b_v) = sum s_v - sum t_v = P - P = 0, so sum a_v = sum b_v, which is consistent.

Now, we also have that each walk corresponds to a path, so the total number of walks P is also equal to the number of sources (starts) which is sum s_v. But we can also relate P to a_v and b_v via the fact that each walk contributes 1 to the start count and 1 to the end count, and also contributes to a_v and b_v for intermediate vertices.

Maybe we can think of this as a flow of "walk units" through the DAG. Each walk is a unit of flow from its start to its end. The amount of flow entering a vertex v is b_v (total entries), and leaving is a_v (total exits). The net flow out of v is a_v - b_v = s_v - t_v. The total flow (number of walks) is the total outflow from sources (sum over v of max(0, a_v - b_v))? Actually, in a flow network, the total flow value is the sum of net outflows from sources, which equals sum over v of max(0, a_v - b_v) if we consider each walk as one unit. But here a_v and b_v are total traversals, not per walk. However, if we consider each walk as a unit of flow that follows a path, then the total flow value F (number of walks) equals the sum over v of (outflow - inflow) for vertices where outflow > inflow, i.e., sum_{v} max(0, a_v - b_v). Because each walk contributes +1 to net outflow at its start and -1 at its end. So we have:

P = sum_{v} max(0, a_v - b_v).

Also, sum_{v} (a_v - b_v) = 0.

Now, a_v >= outdeg(v), b_v >= indeg(v). We want to minimize P = sum max(0, a_v - b_v) subject to these constraints and the existence of nonnegative integers x_{uv} satisfying the flow equations and x_{uv} >= 1 for each edge.

This becomes an optimization problem: choose a_v, b_v (and x_{uv}) to minimize sum max(0, a_v - b_v), with a_v = sum_v x_{uv}, b_v = sum_u x_{uv}, x_{uv} >= 1 for each edge (u,v) in the DAG, and x_{uv} integer.

This is reminiscent of finding the minimum number of paths to cover all edges, which can be solved by a minimum flow with lower bounds. Specifically, we have a DAG with lower bound 1 on each edge. We want to find a flow (x_{uv}) that satisfies flow conservation at each vertex (except we allow imbalances? Actually, if we consider a flow that is not necessarily balanced, we can think of sending flow from sources to sinks. The number of paths corresponds to the amount of flow. More precisely, if we send F units of flow from sources to sinks along paths, the total flow on edges is x_{uv}. The net outflow at vertex v is a_v - b_v. The total flow value F is the sum of net outflows over all vertices (or sum of outflows from sources). We want to minimize F such that x_{uv} >= 1 for all edges. This is a classic problem: minimum flow with lower bounds. The minimum feasible flow value in a network with lower bounds on edges can be found by considering demands. For each vertex, we can compute the minimum required net outflow to satisfy the lower bounds.

Let's formulate as a flow network: We have a directed graph (the condensation DAG). We need to assign a flow x_e >= 1 (integer) on each edge. Let a_v = sum_{e out of v} x_e, b_v = sum_{e into v} x_e. The net outflow d_v = a_v - b_v. The total flow value F (the amount of flow that originates from sources) is sum_{v: d_v>0} d_v. We want to minimize F.

This is a minimum-cost flow problem with no costs, just minimize total flow subject to lower bounds. Since there are no upper bounds, we can try to find the minimum feasible flow. This can be solved by considering the following: For each vertex, define a demand D_v = lower_bound_out - lower_bound_in? Actually, we have lower bounds on edges. To find the minimum flow, we can transform to a circulation with lower bounds and add a super source and super sink. Standard technique: For a network with lower bounds on edges, the minimum feasible flow from s to t can be found by considering the demands. But here we don't have designated source/sink; we can choose any vertices as sources/sinks as long as flow conservation can be violated (i.e., we allow imbalances). Actually, we are looking for a flow that satisfies flow conservation? Wait, in our model, a_v and b_v are total traversals; they are not required to satisfy conservation (a_v = b_v) because walks can start and end at vertices. So we allow d_v != 0. So it's a flow with sources and sinks. The total flow F is the sum of positive d_v. We want to minimize F given that each edge has flow at least 1.

This is equivalent to: Find a set of paths (possibly overlapping) covering each edge at least once, minimizing the number of paths. This is known as the "minimum path cover with edge covering" problem. There is a known result: The minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges of a DAG is equal to the maximum over all subsets of vertices of (number of edges leaving the subset minus number of edges entering the subset)? Not sure.

Let's attempt to solve this problem directly using integer programming or by reduction to maximum matching in a bipartite graph with duplication of edges? Since the graph is small (at most 26 vertices, edges up to 676), we could brute-force search? But N up to 676, but the condensation DAG could have up to 26 vertices (since vertices are letters). Actually, vertices are letters (26). So the condensation DAG has at most 26 vertices. That's small! So we can afford exponential algorithms over vertices, like DP over subsets, or min-cost flow with 26 nodes. But we need to compute the minimum number of walks covering all edges. Since the number of vertices is tiny (<=26), we can formulate as an integer linear programming and solve via brute force? But we need an efficient algorithm, but 26 is small enough for some exponential DP over subsets maybe 2^26 = 67 million, which might be borderline but possibly okay in Python with optimizations? 67 million is too high. But we can use min-cut or flow.

Given the small vertex count, we can treat this as a minimum flow problem with lower bounds. We can convert to a standard min-cost flow by adding a super source and super sink, and setting demands.

Let's formalize: We have a directed graph G' (condensation DAG) with vertices V (size <=26). For each edge e from u to v, we require x_e >= 1 (integer). We want to minimize F = sum_{v in V} max(0, outflow(v) - inflow(v)). Equivalently, we want to minimize the total flow that originates from sources.

We can think of sending flow from a super source S to a super sink T, with each unit of flow representing a walk. Each walk starts at some vertex v (so flow leaves S to v) and ends at some vertex w (flow from w to T). The flow on each edge e represents how many walks traverse that edge. The requirement that each edge is covered at least once means that the flow on e must be at least 1. We want to minimize the total flow from S to T.

This is a classic minimum flow with lower bounds problem. We can solve it by first finding a feasible flow that satisfies lower bounds, then minimizing the flow value. Since there are no upper bounds, the minimum flow is achieved by sending as little flow as possible while meeting lower bounds. This can be reduced to a maximum flow problem in an auxiliary network.

Standard approach: To find the minimum feasible flow in a network with lower bounds and no upper bounds, we can do the following:

1. For each edge e with lower bound l_e, set its capacity to infinity (or a large number) and subtract l_e from the demand of its tail and add l_e to the demand of its head. This transforms the problem into a circulation with demands. Then we add a super source and super sink to satisfy demands. The minimum flow from original source to original sink can be found by binary search on the flow value, but here we have multiple sources/sinks.

Actually, we have no designated source/sink; we can choose any vertices as start/end. So we need to minimize the total flow out of a set of chosen sources. This is similar to finding the minimum number of paths covering all edges, which can be solved by a reduction to maximum matching in a bipartite graph where each edge can be used multiple times? Wait, maybe there is a simpler combinatorial formula.

Let's attempt to derive the minimum number of walks directly.

Observation: Each walk corresponds to a path in the DAG. The set of walks must cover all edges. This is equivalent to selecting a set of paths such that the union of their edge sets is the whole edge set. Overlap allowed.

We can think of this as an edge covering problem by paths. The minimum number of paths needed to cover all edges of a DAG is equal to the size of a minimum cut in some transformed network? Alternatively, it might be equal to the maximum number of edges that are "independent" in some sense.

Consider the concept of "dilworth's theorem" for partial orders: minimum number of chains to cover all elements equals the size of a maximum antichain. But here we cover edges, not vertices. Could we transform edges to vertices? Perhaps we can consider the line graph of the DAG, and then the problem becomes covering all vertices of the line graph with paths (where adjacency in line graph corresponds to consecutive edges). But we want to cover all vertices (edges of original) with paths in the line graph, where a path in the line graph corresponds to a walk in the original that uses consecutive edges. However, we are allowed to reuse edges, so a path in the line graph can revisit vertices? No, line graph vertices are edges; a path in the line graph that visits a vertex means using that edge. But if we allow revisiting edges, that would correspond to revisiting vertices in the line graph, which is not allowed in a simple path. However, we could have a walk in the original that uses an edge multiple times; that would correspond to visiting the same vertex multiple times in the line graph, which is not a simple path. So the line graph approach with simple paths would correspond to using each edge at most once per walk. But we can use edges multiple times across walks, but within a single walk, we could also use an edge multiple times if we go around a cycle, but in a DAG there are no cycles, so within a single walk, you cannot traverse the same edge twice because that would require revisiting a vertex, which is impossible in a DAG (since it's acyclic, you can't return to a vertex). Actually, in a DAG, a walk that does not repeat vertices is a path; if it repeats a vertex, that would create a cycle, which is impossible. So any walk in a DAG is necessarily a simple path (no repeated vertices). Therefore, each walk corresponds to a simple path in the DAG, and it cannot repeat edges because that would require repeating vertices. So within a single walk, each edge is traversed at most once. However, across different walks, edges can be traversed multiple times. So the line graph representation with simple paths covering vertices (each vertex must be covered at least once) is exactly the problem: we have a set of vertices (original edges) that need to be covered by a set of paths in the line graph, where each path corresponds to a walk in the original (a sequence of edges where consecutive edges share a vertex). And we want to minimize the number of such paths. This is exactly the minimum path cover problem on the line graph (which is a DAG? The line graph of a DAG is also a DAG? Possibly, but not necessarily acyclic? The line graph of a DAG can have cycles if there are two edges that form a 2-cycle? In a DAG, there are no directed cycles, but the line graph might have cycles if there are two edges e1: u->v and e2: v->u? That would be a cycle in original, impossible. So line graph of a DAG is also a DAG. So we have a DAG (line graph) and we want to cover all its vertices with the minimum number of vertex-disjoint? Not necessarily disjoint; paths can share vertices? In the line graph, if two paths share a vertex, that means the same original edge is used in two different walks, which is allowed. So we are covering vertices of the line graph with paths that may overlap. This is the "minimum path cover" problem where paths are not required to be vertex-disjoint; they can overlap. But in the standard minimum path cover problem, we usually require vertex-disjointness to cover all vertices. If overlapping is allowed, the minimum number of paths could be 1 if the line graph is connected? Not exactly; you could have a single path that visits all vertices if the line graph has a Hamiltonian path. But we can also visit vertices multiple times? In a path, you cannot revisit vertices. So a single path in the line graph would be a Hamiltonian path covering all vertices. That may not exist. So the minimum number of paths to cover all vertices, allowing overlaps (i.e., vertices can be visited by multiple paths), is essentially the minimum number of trails needed to cover all vertices, which is again a path cover problem but with overlaps allowed. Overlaps don't reduce the number of paths because if a vertex is covered by multiple paths, you could possibly merge those paths if they are connected, but overlapping itself doesn't help reduce count; it's just that paths can share vertices, but they are still separate paths. The goal is to minimize the number of paths, so we would try to make each path as long as possible, covering many vertices. Overlap is not beneficial; we would avoid covering a vertex more than once if possible, because covering it again doesn't help cover new vertices. So an optimal solution would likely have each vertex covered exactly once (i.e., the paths are vertex-disjoint in terms of coverage? Not necessarily; if a vertex is covered by two paths, that means that vertex is visited twice, which is redundant. We could drop one of the visits if that doesn't break the path? But if a path visits a vertex, it's because it needs to go through that vertex to reach other vertices. If we remove that vertex from the path, the path would break. However, we could redesign paths to avoid duplication. So we can assume that in an optimal solution, each edge (original) is traversed exactly once across all walks? Not necessarily, as sample 2 shows, edge C->D is traversed twice (by two walks). Could we redesign to have each edge traversed exactly once? That would require three walks as we saw. So duplication allowed us to reduce the number of walks from 3 to 2. So duplication can be beneficial because it allows us to connect multiple paths through a common edge, effectively merging them. In the line graph perspective, having two paths that share a vertex (edge C->D) means that vertex is covered by both paths. That's overlap. Overlap can reduce the total number of paths because it allows two paths to share a common segment, which might enable them to be combined? Actually, in sample 2, we have two paths: Path1: A->C->D->E; Path2: B->C->D->F. They share the vertex C->D (edge). In the line graph, these correspond to two paths that share the vertex representing C->D. If we tried to cover all vertices (edges) with vertex-disjoint paths, we would need three paths because the line graph's minimum path cover (vertex-disjoint) size is 3. But by allowing overlap, we can cover with 2 paths. So the problem is essentially the minimum number of trails in the original graph covering all edges, where trails may share edges. This is equivalent to the minimum number of paths in the line graph that cover all vertices, where paths are allowed to share vertices. This is known as the "minimum path cover with overlapping allowed" which is equivalent to finding the minimum number of trails in the original graph. There might be a polynomial solution via flow with lower bounds as described.

Given the small vertex count (<=26), we can solve the min flow problem exactly using integer programming or by reducing to a minimum cost flow with unit costs? Since we just need the minimum flow value, we can treat it as a linear programming problem with integer constraints, but the graph is small enough that we could use a brute-force search over possible numbers of walks? Not straightforward.

Alternative approach: Since the condensation DAG has at most 26 vertices, we can use a DP over subsets to compute the minimum number of walks? But the number of edges could be up to 676, but we can compress.

Wait, maybe there is a simpler formula. Let's analyze the structure more. The problem of covering all edges of a directed graph with the minimum number of trails (allowing edge repetition) is known to be equal to the number of "weakly connected components" that are not "Eulerian" in the sense that the number of vertices with outdeg > indeg is something? But sample 2 contradicts that.

Let's search memory: There is a known result for "minimum number of trails to cover all edges of a directed graph" (allowing trails to share edges) is equal to max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)))? But we saw that gives 3 for sample 2, but answer is 2. So maybe the formula is max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)) - something)? Or maybe we need to consider that within an SCC, we can cover multiple outgoing edges by having a walk that starts at the SCC, goes out one edge, then later comes back via a different path? But that's impossible in a DAG. So why does sample 2 achieve 2? Let's re-express sample 2 in terms of condensation DAG. The DAG has vertices A,B,C,D,E,F. The edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. We need to cover all edges. The two walks are: A->C->D->E and B->C->D->F. Notice that both walks use the edge C->D. So edge C->D is used twice. In terms of flow, we have x_{AC}=1, x_{BC}=1, x_{CD}=2, x_{DE}=1, x_{DF}=1. Then compute a_v and b_v:

a_A = x_{AC}=1, b_A=0 => d_A=1
a_B =1, b_B=0 => d_B=1
a_C = x_{CD}=2, b_C = x_{AC}+x_{BC}=2 => d_C=0
a_D = x_{DE}+x_{DF}=2, b_D = x_{CD}=2 => d_D=0
a_E =0, b_E = x_{DE}=1 => d_E=-1
a_F =0, b_F = x_{DF}=1 => d_F=-1

So positive d_v: A and B each 1, total =2. So P=2. The lower bound sum max(0, outdeg-indeg) gave 3 because outdeg(A)=1, indeg(A)=0 =>1; outdeg(B)=1 =>1; outdeg(D)=2, indeg(D)=1 =>1; total 3. But in the flow solution, d_D=0 because we sent 2 units through D, which is more than outdeg(D)=2? Actually outdeg(D)=2, we sent 2 units, so a_D=2, b_D=2, so d_D=0. The excess outdeg(D)-indeg(D)=1, but we balanced it by sending extra inflow? Wait, indeg(D)=1, but we sent b_D=2, which is more than indeg(D). That's allowed because we can traverse the incoming edge C->D multiple times (we did, twice). So the excess outdeg-indeg is not a lower bound on d_v because we can increase b_v beyond indeg(v) by traversing incoming edges multiple times. Similarly, we can increase a_v beyond outdeg(v) by traversing outgoing edges multiple times. The only hard constraints are that each edge must be traversed at least once, so a_v >= outdeg(v) and b_v >= indeg(v). But we can make a_v and b_v larger by repeating edges. This allows us to adjust the imbalances d_v = a_v - b_v. We want to minimize sum of positive d_v, which is the total flow from sources. We can choose to increase b_v for vertices with high outdeg-indeg to reduce their d_v. In sample 2, D has outdeg-indeg=1. If we set a_D = outdeg(D)=2, b_D = indeg(D)=1, then d_D=1, contributing to positive sum. But we can increase b_D to 2 by traversing the incoming edge C->D twice, making d_D=0. This reduces the positive sum by 1, at the cost of increasing the flow on that edge (which may increase a_C and b_C etc). However, increasing b_D requires increasing a_C (since C->D is the only incoming edge to D). That increases a_C, which might affect d_C. Initially, with minimal traversals (each edge once), we would have a_C = outdeg(C)=1, b_C = indeg(C)=2, so d_C = -1. By increasing a_C to 2 (by traversing C->D twice), we make b_C still 2 (since incoming edges from A and B are each once), so d_C becomes 0. So we turned d_C from -1 to 0, and d_D from +1 to 0, while d_A and d_B remain +1 each. The total positive sum becomes 2 instead of 3. So the key is that we can "balance" vertices with positive excess by sending extra flow through them from vertices with negative excess, effectively using edges multiple times to transfer flow.

Thus, the minimum number of walks is equal to the minimum possible total positive net outflow sum_{v} max(0, d_v) subject to a_v = sum_{e out of v} x_e, b_v = sum_{e into v} x_e, with x_e >= 1 integer, and d_v = a_v - b_v. And we want to minimize sum_{v} max(0, d_v). This is equivalent to minimizing the total flow from sources.

We can think of this as: we need to send flow from vertices with surplus (outdeg > indeg) to vertices with deficit (indeg > outdeg) by adding extra traversals on edges, to balance the net flows as much as possible. The minimum total source flow is the minimum amount of flow that must be injected into the system to satisfy the lower bounds, after we allow circulation (extra traversals) to redistribute.

This is reminiscent of the "minimum flow with lower bounds" problem. There is a known method: To find the minimum feasible flow in a network with lower bounds, we can first ignore lower bounds and find a circulation that meets demands, then the minimum flow from a super source to super sink is determined by the sum of positive demands after transformation.

Let's set up the problem properly.

We have a directed graph G (condensation DAG). For each edge e, lower bound l_e = 1, upper bound u_e = infinity. We want to find a flow x_e (integer) that satisfies:

- l_e <= x_e <= u_e
- Flow conservation at each vertex? No, we allow imbalances because walks start and end. But we can convert to a circulation by adding a super source S and super sink T, and we will send flow from S to T representing the walks. Each unit of flow from S to T corresponds to one walk. The flow on each edge e is x_e. The flow out of S equals total flow into T equals P (number of walks). The flow conservation holds at all original vertices: for each v, inflow = outflow + (if v is a sink for some walks) - (if v is a source). Actually, if we add S and T, we can model starts as edges from S to v, and ends as edges from v to T. Then flow conservation at v becomes: inflow from other vertices + from S (if any) = outflow to other vertices + to T (if any). This is standard.

So we construct a network with original vertices V, plus source S and sink T. For each original edge (u,v), we have an arc from u to v with lower bound 1, capacity infinity. For each vertex v, we may have an arc from S to v with lower bound 0, capacity infinity, representing walks starting at v. And an arc from v to T with lower bound 0, capacity infinity, representing walks ending at v. We want to find a feasible flow from S to T that satisfies all lower bounds, and we want to minimize the total flow value F (the amount sent from S to T). This is a classic min-cost flow problem with cost 0 on all arcs, but we want to minimize total flow. Since costs are zero, we just want the minimum feasible flow. This can be solved by first finding any feasible flow (satisfying lower bounds) and then reducing it, or by using a binary search on F with max flow checks.

But we can also transform to a circulation with demands. Let's set up demands.

For each original edge (u,v), we have lower bound 1. To convert to a circulation with lower bounds, we subtract lower bounds from capacities and adjust node balances. Standard method: For each edge e with lower bound l_e, set x'_e = x_e - l_e, with 0 <= x'_e <= u_e - l_e. Then the flow conservation at node v becomes: sum_{in} x'_e - sum_{out} x'_e = b_v, where b_v = sum_{in} l_e - sum_{out} l_e. This b_v is the net demand (could be negative). Then we need to find a circulation x'_e (nonnegative) that satisfies these node balances, and also we have the additional source S and sink T with arcs that can supply or absorb flow to meet the balances. The minimum flow from S to T corresponds to the minimum amount of additional flow needed to satisfy the balances.

But in our case, we also have the flexibility to start and end walks at any vertices, which corresponds to adding arcs from S to v and v to T with zero lower bound and infinite capacity. In the circulation transformation, these arcs allow us to adjust balances.

Alternatively, we can directly formulate as a min-cost flow with cost 0 on all arcs, and we want to minimize flow from S to T. This can be solved by first finding a feasible flow (maybe by sending a large flow) and then reducing it, but there is a known technique: The minimum feasible flow value is equal to the maximum of (sum of positive balances after lower bound subtraction) or something.

Let's do it step by step.

Let V be the set of SCCs (size m <= 26). For each edge (u,v) in the condensation DAG, we have lower bound 1. Let L_v = sum_{incoming edges} 1 - sum_{outgoing edges} 1 = indeg(v) - outdeg(v). This is the net lower bound imbalance at v if we only consider the mandatory one unit on each edge. If we send exactly 1 unit on each edge, then the net outflow at v would be outdeg(v) - indeg(v) = -L_v. But we can send extra units on edges to adjust.

Now, we can add a super source S and super sink T. We add arcs S->v with capacity infinity, cost 0, lower bound 0. And arcs v->T with capacity infinity, cost 0, lower bound 0. Also, we have arcs between original vertices with lower bound 1, capacity infinity.

We want to find a flow from S to T of minimum value F such that all lower bounds are satisfied.

This is a min-cost flow problem with zero costs, so we just need the minimum feasible flow. This can be solved by binary search on F, checking if there exists a flow of value F that satisfies lower bounds. The check can be done by converting to a circulation with demands.

For a given F, we can set the flow on S->v and v->T as variables. But we can incorporate them into a circulation by adding an edge from T to S with capacity F (or infinity?) Actually, standard method: To check feasibility of a flow of value F from S to T with lower bounds, we can transform to a circulation by adding an edge from T to S with lower bound 0, capacity F (or infinity? Actually, we want to enforce that the net flow from S to T is exactly F. We can add an edge from T to S with capacity F and lower bound 0, and then require circulation. Then we can use the standard lower bound transformation.

But perhaps there is a simpler combinatorial formula given the small size.

Given that m <= 26, we could solve the min flow problem using integer linear programming with brute force? But we need an algorithm that runs quickly.

We can treat this as a minimum cost flow with unit costs on S->v and v->T? Actually, we want to minimize F, which is the sum of flows on S->v arcs. That's equivalent to minimizing the total flow out of S. This is like we have supply at S and demand at T, but we can choose which vertices to start and end.

We can think of it as: we need to send flow from vertices with surplus (outdeg > indeg) to vertices with deficit (indeg > outdeg) through the network, using the existing edges, and we can also add extra flow on edges (beyond 1) to facilitate this transfer. The minimum total flow from sources (i.e., total starts) is the minimum amount of flow that must be injected at vertices with net positive demand after we allow circulation.

This is analogous to the problem of finding the minimum number of paths to cover all edges, which can be solved by computing the maximum flow in a bipartite graph where left side is sources (vertices with outdeg > indeg) and right side is sinks (vertices with indeg > outdeg), with capacities equal to the excess/deficit, and edges between them if there is a path in the DAG? But we need to consider that flow can go through intermediate vertices, and we can also use edges multiple times. This becomes a flow with lower bounds.

Actually, there is a known result: The minimum number of trails needed to cover all edges of a directed graph (allowing repeats) is equal to max(1, sum_{v} max(0, outdeg(v) - indeg(v)) - max_flow?), not sure.

Let's attempt to derive using the circulation approach.

We have the condensation DAG G. For each edge e, we require at least 1 unit of flow. Let y_e be the additional flow beyond 1, so total flow x_e = 1 + y_e, with y_e >= 0 integer.

Now, for each vertex v, the net outflow (considering total flow) is:

d_v = outflow(v) - inflow(v) = (sum_{e out of v} (1+y_e)) - (sum_{e into v} (1+y_e)) = (outdeg(v) - indeg(v)) + (sum_{out} y_e - sum_{in} y_e).

Let's denote the excess from lower bounds: e_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v). Then d_v = e_v + (Y_out(v) - Y_in(v)), where Y_out(v) = sum_{e out of v} y_e, Y_in(v) = sum_{e into v} y_e.

The total number of walks P = sum_{v} max(0, d_v). Because each walk starts at a vertex with positive net outflow (d_v > 0) and ends at a vertex with negative net outflow (d_v < 0). Actually, P = sum_{v: d_v>0} d_v.

We want to minimize P by choosing nonnegative integers y_e.

We also have that the y_e can be arbitrarily large, but increasing y_e will affect d_v. We can think of sending additional flow (y_e) to redistribute the excess e_v.

This is similar to a flow problem where we have initial imbalances e_v (which sum to 0). We can add circulation (y_e) to reduce the sum of positive parts of d_v. The goal is to minimize the sum of positive parts after adding circulation.

This is equivalent to: Given a directed graph with edge capacities (unbounded), and initial node supplies e_v (which sum to 0), we can send flow along edges (y_e) to adjust the supplies. After sending flow, the net supply at node v becomes d_v = e_v + (net flow out from v due to y). We want to minimize the total positive supply (i.e., the amount of flow that must be provided from external sources). But wait, in our model, the external sources are the starts of walks, which correspond exactly to the positive d_v. So we want to minimize the total positive d_v.

This is reminiscent of the "minimum cost flow" where we want to meet the demands with minimum supply, but here we can also create circulation to reduce the need for external supply. Actually, we can think of it as: we have initial imbalances e_v. We can add circulation (y_e) to shift flow from nodes with surplus (e_v > 0) to nodes with deficit (e_v < 0). The more we shift, the lower the total positive d_v can be, but we are limited by the graph structure: we can only shift flow along paths. The maximum amount we can shift from surplus nodes to deficit nodes is limited by the capacity of the network (which is infinite). So in principle, we could shift all surpluses to deficits, making d_v = 0 for all v, if the graph is strongly connected? But the condensation DAG is acyclic, so flow can only go from earlier nodes to later nodes (in topological order). That imposes a partial order: surplus at a node can only be sent to deficits that are reachable from it. So the minimum total positive d_v is essentially the minimum amount of surplus that cannot be transferred to deficits due to reachability constraints.

Thus, the problem reduces to: Given a DAG with node weights e_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v) (which sum to 0), we can send flow from nodes with positive e_v to nodes with negative e_v along directed paths, with unlimited capacity. After sending as much as possible, the remaining positive sum is the minimum number of walks.

This is exactly the problem of finding the minimum sum of positive net supplies after a feasible flow that respects the direction of edges. Since we can send any amount along any path, the only limitation is that flow can only go from a node to nodes reachable from it. So we want to maximize the amount of surplus that can be transferred to deficits.

This is a classic "maximum flow in a bipartite graph" problem: we have sources (nodes with e_v > 0) and sinks (nodes with e_v < 0). We can send flow from a source u to a sink v if there is a directed path from u to v in the DAG. Since capacities are infinite, the maximum amount we can send from u to v is min(e_u, -e_v) but also limited by the fact that flow must go through intermediate nodes, but since there are no capacity constraints on edges, we can send arbitrary amounts along any path, as long as the path exists. However, there might be conflicts if multiple sources want to send flow through the same intermediate node? Since edges have unlimited capacity, there is no conflict; we can send arbitrarily large flow along any edge. So the only constraint is reachability: from a source u, we can send flow to any sink v that is reachable from u. Therefore, the maximum total flow from sources to sinks is the maximum amount that can be matched given the reachability, but since there are no capacity limits on edges, we can send all surplus from a source to any reachable sink, as long as the sink has deficit. However, if a sink is reachable from multiple sources, we can allocate its deficit among them arbitrarily. So the maximum total transfer is limited by the total surplus and total deficit, but also by the fact that a source can only send to sinks reachable from it. If the reachable set of sinks from a source does not have enough total deficit, then some surplus cannot be transferred. Similarly, if a sink is only reachable from a subset of sources, its deficit might not be fully covered.

Thus, the minimum remaining positive sum (which equals total surplus - maximum transfer) is equal to the minimum possible sum of positive d_v after optimal redistribution.

This is equivalent to: minimize sum_{v} max(0, d_v) subject to d_v = e_v + (net outflow from v due to additional flow), with the additional flow being a circulation that respects direction (i.e., flow only along edges). This is a linear programming problem that can be solved by max flow in a bipartite graph where left side are sources (e_v>0) with supply e_v, right side are sinks (e_v<0) with demand -e_v, and an edge from source u to sink v if v is reachable from u in the DAG. Then the maximum flow from left to right gives the maximum amount of surplus that can be transferred. Then the minimum total positive d_v = total surplus - max_flow.

But is this correct? Let's test on sample 2.

Compute e_v = outdeg - indeg:
A:1-0=1
B:1-0=1
C:1-2=-1
D:2-1=1
E:0-1=-1
F:0-1=-1

Total surplus = 1+1+1 = 3. Total deficit = 1+1+1=3.

Now, build bipartite graph: left nodes: A (1), B (1), D (1). Right nodes: C (1), E (1), F (1). Edge from left u to right v if v is reachable from u in the DAG.

Reachability:
From A: can reach C? A->C, yes. Also D? A->C->D, yes. E? A->C->D->E, yes. F? A->C->D->F, yes. So A can reach C, D, E, F. But right nodes are C, E, F (deficit nodes). So A can reach C, E, F.
From B: similarly can reach C, E, F.
From D: can reach E, F (and also maybe C? No, D cannot go back to C). So D can reach E, F.

Now, maximum flow from left to right: We have supplies 1 each, demands 1 each. This is a bipartite matching with capacities. Since left nodes have supply 1, right nodes demand 1, we can match them. Is there a perfect matching? Let's see: A can go to C, E, F; B to C, E, F; D to E, F. We need to match three left to three right. Possible matching: A->C, B->E, D->F. That's a valid matching. So max flow = 3. Then total surplus - max_flow = 0. That would suggest minimum positive d_v = 0, meaning we could have P=0? But P is the number of walks, which must be at least 1 if there are edges. Actually, if all d_v = 0, that would mean no starts and no ends, which would imply a circulation covering all edges, i.e., a set of cycles that cover all edges. But in a DAG, there are no cycles, so a circulation with all d_v=0 would require that the flow on edges forms a collection of cycles, which is impossible because the graph is acyclic. However, our model with additional flow y_e allows us to have d_v=0, but does that correspond to a set of walks? If d_v=0 for all v, that means the net outflow at each vertex is zero, which implies that the total flow on edges (x_e) forms a circulation (each vertex has equal inflow and outflow). But can a circulation exist in a DAG? In a directed acyclic graph, any circulation must have zero flow on all edges, because if there is a positive flow, consider a topological ordering; the flow would have to go from earlier to later, so the earliest vertex with positive outflow would have net outflow >0 unless there is inflow from later vertices, which is impossible. More formally, in a DAG, there is no directed cycle, so any non-zero flow would create a net outflow from some source. Therefore, the only circulation is zero flow. However, we have lower bounds of 1 on each edge, so we cannot have zero flow. Thus, it's impossible to have d_v=0 for all v. So our model must enforce that the flow x_e must be such that the net outflow d_v can be zero only if there is a circulation, which is impossible with lower bounds in a DAG. So the condition that d_v can be zero for all v is not achievable because the graph is acyclic. So the max flow model ignoring the acyclicity of the flow itself is insufficient; we need to ensure that the additional flow y_e, together with the base flow of 1, results in a flow that can be decomposed into paths from sources to sinks (i.e., a feasible flow from S to T). In a DAG, any feasible flow from S to T (with S and T external) will have some sources and sinks. The condition that d_v = 0 for all v would mean no external source/sink, i.e., a circulation, which is impossible with positive lower bounds in a DAG. So the minimum total positive d_v cannot be zero; it must be at least something.

In sample 2, we achieved P=2, with d_A=1, d_B=1, d_C=0, d_D=0, d_E=-1, d_F=-1. So total positive =2. That's >0. So the max flow in the bipartite reachability graph gave 3, but we only achieved transfer of 1? Actually, we transferred surplus from D to C? Wait, in the solution, we transferred surplus from D to C? Let's see: Initially e_v: A:1, B:1, D:1, C:-1, E:-1, F:-1. In the final d_v, we have A:1, B:1, D:0, C:0, E:-1, F:-1. So we transferred 1 unit from D to C (since D's surplus reduced by 1, C's deficit reduced by 1). Also, we transferred 1 unit from? Actually, total surplus initially 3, final positive sum 2, so we transferred 1 unit of surplus to deficit. Which transfer happened? D's surplus 1 was transferred to C (deficit 1). A and B surpluses remained. So the maximum possible transfer might be limited by the fact that flow must go along directed paths, and the flow from D to C is possible (D->? Actually, D to C is not directly reachable because C is upstream of D. D cannot send flow to C because edges go from C to D, not reverse. So how did we transfer surplus from D to C? In the flow, we increased flow on C->D (the edge from C to D) by 1 extra unit. That increased outflow from C and inflow to D. That effectively moved surplus from D to C? Let's compute: e_C = -1, e_D = +1. By adding y_{CD}=1, we increase outflow from C by 1 (so C's net outflow increases by 1, making d_C = e_C + (Y_out - Y_in) = -1 + (1 - 0) = 0). For D, Y_in increases by 1, so d_D = e_D + (0 - 1) = 1 -1 =0. So indeed, we transferred surplus from D to C by sending flow from C to D? That seems counterintuitive: we sent extra flow from C to D, which increased outflow from C (which had deficit) and increased inflow to D (which had surplus). That actually moved surplus from D to C? Let's think in terms of net: Initially, C had deficit (needs inflow), D had surplus (needs outflow). By sending an extra unit from C to D, we are sending flow opposite to the direction of surplus transfer? Actually, to reduce D's surplus, we need to increase its outflow or decrease its inflow. Sending extra flow from C to D increases D's inflow, which would increase its surplus, not decrease. Wait, check: e_D = outdeg - indeg = 2-1=1, meaning D has more outgoing than incoming. To reduce its net outflow, we want to either decrease its outflow or increase its inflow. Adding an extra unit on C->D increases inflow to D, which makes its net outflow smaller (since outflow unchanged, inflow increased). So that reduces d_D. For C, e_C = -1 (more incoming than outgoing). Adding an extra unit on C->D increases outflow from C, which makes its net outflow larger (less negative), reducing its deficit. So indeed, sending extra flow from C to D helps both: it reduces D's surplus and reduces C's deficit. So the direction of the extra flow is from the deficit node (C) to the surplus node (D). That is opposite to the intuitive direction of transferring surplus from surplus to deficit. But because the base flow already has direction from C to D (since edge exists), adding more flow along that edge increases outflow from C and inflow to D, which balances them. So the transfer of "surplus" is actually achieved by sending flow from deficit node to surplus node along existing edges. This is possible because the base flow already goes that way. So the reachability condition for transferring surplus from D to C is not that D can reach C, but that there exists a path from C to D? Because we need to send flow from C to D to adjust. More generally, to reduce surplus at a node u and deficit at a node v, we can send extra flow along a path from v to u? Let's analyze.

We have base flow of 1 on each edge. The net imbalance e_v = outdeg - indeg. To adjust, we can add extra flow y_e on edges. The effect on d_v is: d_v = e_v + (sum_{out} y_e - sum_{in} y_e). So if we want to reduce a positive e_u (surplus) and a negative e_v (deficit), we need to increase the net outflow from v (since v has deficit, we want to make d_v less negative, i.e., increase its net outflow) and decrease net outflow from u (make d_u smaller). This can be achieved by sending extra flow along a path from v to u. Because that would increase outflow from v (good) and increase inflow to u (which reduces its net outflow). So the direction of extra flow should be from deficit nodes to surplus nodes. Therefore, the reachability condition is: there must be a directed path from a deficit node (with e_v < 0) to a surplus node (with e_u > 0) in the DAG. In sample 2, deficit node C (e=-1) has a path to surplus node D (e=+1) via edge C->D. So we can send extra flow from C to D, which we did. That transferred 1 unit of surplus from D to C? Actually, it reduced D's surplus and C's deficit.

Thus, the maximum amount of surplus that can be "canceled" is limited by the existence of paths from deficit nodes to surplus nodes. Since the graph is a DAG, these paths go from earlier nodes to later nodes (in topological order). So deficit nodes that are earlier can send flow to surplus nodes that are later. Surplus nodes that are earlier cannot receive flow from later deficit nodes because there is no path back. So the cancellation is directional.

Therefore, the problem reduces to: Given a DAG with node weights e_v (sum zero), we can add circulation (extra flow) along edges (unlimited) to adjust the net balances. The effect is that we can send flow from any node to any node reachable from it. Since we want to reduce the total positive d_v, we want to send as much flow as possible from deficit nodes (negative e) to surplus nodes (positive e) along directed paths. The maximum total flow we can send from deficits to surpluses is limited by the total deficit and total surplus, and also by the fact that flow can only go from a node to nodes reachable from it. This is a flow problem in a network where we have sources (deficit nodes) with supply -e_v (positive amount) and sinks (surplus nodes) with demand e_v, and edges from a node u to v if there is a directed path from u to v in the DAG? But we can send flow along any path, so we can compress the graph by taking transitive closure. Since there are no capacity constraints on edges, we can assume that if there is a path from u to v, we can send arbitrary flow from u to v directly (by sending along that path, but intermediate nodes will have flow passing through, affecting their balances. However, if we send flow from u to v along a path, the intermediate nodes will have equal inflow and outflow from that extra flow, so their net balance d_v remains unchanged (since they get inflow and outflow increased by the same amount). So we can treat the extra flow as directly from u to v without affecting intermediate nodes, as long as we account for the fact that the flow passes through them but cancels out. This is valid because we can always route the flow along a path, and the intermediate nodes will have y_in = y_out for that flow, so their d_v unchanged. Therefore, we can consider a complete bipartite graph between deficit nodes and surplus nodes, with an edge if there is a directed path from the deficit node to the surplus node. Then we can send flow from deficit to surplus arbitrarily, with unlimited capacity on these "virtual" edges. The only constraints are the supplies at deficit nodes and demands at surplus nodes.

Thus, the maximum amount of surplus that can be canceled (i.e., transferred from surplus to deficit via extra flow) is the maximum flow in this bipartite network, where left side are deficit nodes (with supply = -e_v) and right side are surplus nodes (with demand = e_v), and edges exist if deficit can reach surplus. Then the remaining positive d_v after optimal cancellation is total surplus - max_flow. However, we must also ensure that after cancellation, the resulting d_v can be realized as a flow from sources to sinks (i.e., the remaining positive d_v correspond to starts, and negative to ends). But if we have done the cancellation via extra flow, the resulting d_v will satisfy that for any cut, the net flow across the cut is consistent? Since we used a flow that respects reachability, it should be feasible. Also, we must ensure that the base flow plus extra flow yields a feasible decomposition into walks. I think it's feasible.

Now, in sample 2, deficit nodes: C (1), E (1), F (1). Surplus nodes: A (1), B (1), D (1). Edges from deficit to surplus if there is a path from deficit to surplus. Let's compute reachability from deficit nodes to surplus nodes:

- From C (deficit) can reach: D (surplus) via C->D; also maybe A? No, C cannot go to A or B because those are upstream. So C can reach D only? Also, can C reach E? C->D->E, so E is a deficit, not surplus. Can C reach F? similarly. So from C, reachable surplus nodes: D.
- From E (deficit) can reach: ? E has no outgoing edges, so cannot reach any surplus. So none.
- From F (deficit) similarly none.

So edges: C->D only. Supplies: C:1, E:1, F:1. Demands: A:1, B:1, D:1.

Maximum flow: we can send at most 1 from C to D. So max flow = 1. Then total surplus = 3, remaining positive = 3-1=2. That matches P=2.

In sample 1, for component A, we have e_v: SCC1: outdeg=1, indeg=0 => e=1; SCC2: outdeg=2, indeg=1 => e=1; SCC3: outdeg=0, indeg=1 => e=-1; SCC4: outdeg=0, indeg=1 => e=-1. Deficit nodes: SCC3 (1), SCC4 (1). Surplus nodes: SCC1 (1), SCC2 (1). Reachability from deficit to surplus: Deficit SCC3 can reach? SCC3 is sink (E). It has no outgoing edges, so cannot reach any surplus. Deficit SCC4 similarly none. So max flow = 0. Remaining positive = total surplus = 2. So P=2. That matches.

Now test the earlier counterexample: A->B, B->C, A->C. Compute e: A: out=2, in=0 => e=2; B: out=1, in=1 => e=0; C: out=0, in=2 => e=-2. Deficit: C with 2. Surplus: A with 2. Reachability from deficit C to surplus A? C has no outgoing edges, so cannot reach A. So max flow = 0. Remaining positive = 2. So P=2. That matches our earlier reasoning that at least 2 walks are needed. Good.

What about a DAG where a deficit can reach a surplus: e.g., A->B, B->C, and also B->D, with e: A: out1 in0 =>1; B: out2 in1 =>1; C: out0 in1 => -1; D: out0 in1 => -1. Deficit: C and D. Surplus: A and B. Reachability from C: can it reach any surplus? C has no outgoing, so none. D similarly none. So max flow 0, P=2. But could we do with 1 walk? Let's see: edges: A->B, B->C, B->D. Can one walk cover all? Start at A, go to B, then must choose either C or D, can't cover both. So need at least 2. So P=2.

Now consider a DAG where a deficit can reach a surplus: e.g., A->B, B->C, C->D, with e: A:1, B:0, C:0, D:-1? Actually compute: A out1 in0 =>1; B out1 in1 =>0; C out1 in1 =>0; D out0 in1 =>-1. So surplus A=1, deficit D=1. Reachability from deficit D to surplus A? D has no outgoing, so none. So max flow 0, P=1? Wait total surplus=1, so P=1? But can one walk cover all edges? Edges: A->B, B->C, C->D. One walk A->B->C->D covers all edges. So P=1. That matches because total surplus =1, but we didn't need to cancel anything; the single walk starts at A (surplus) and ends at D (deficit). So P = total surplus - max_flow? total surplus=1, max_flow=0, gives 1. So formula works.

Now consider a more complex case: Suppose we have A->B, A->C, B->D, C->D. This is like a diamond. Compute e: A: out2 in0 =>2; B: out1 in1 =>0; C: out1 in1 =>0; D: out0 in2 => -2. Surplus A=2, deficit D=2. Reachability from deficit D to surplus A? D has no outgoing, so none. Max flow 0, P=2. Can we cover all edges with 2 walks? Yes: one walk A->B->D, another A->C->D. That's 2. Could we do with 1? One walk starting at A could go A->B->D, but then cannot cover A->C and C->D. So 2 is minimum. So formula gives 2.

Now consider a case where a deficit can reach a surplus: e.g., A->B, B->C, and also D->B? But that would create a cycle? Let's design a DAG where there is a node with deficit that can reach a surplus. For a deficit node to have outgoing edges, it must have outdeg>0. But deficit means indeg > outdeg, so it could still have outgoing edges. For example, node X with indeg 2, outdeg 1 => e=-1, but it has an outgoing edge to Y. Then X can send flow to Y if Y is surplus. So consider: A->X, B->X, X->Y, Y->Z, and maybe Y has surplus? Let's set: A->X (in to X), B->X (in to X), X->Y (out from X), Y->Z (out from Y). Also maybe Y has other incoming? Let's compute e: A: out1 in0 =>1; B: out1 in0 =>1; X: out1 in2 => -1; Y: out1 in1 =>0? Actually Y has incoming from X, so indeg=1, outdeg=1 =>0; Z: out0 in1 => -1. Surplus: A=1, B=1. Deficit: X=1, Z=1. Reachability from deficit X to surplus? X can reach Y and Z, but not A or B (since edges go forward). So X cannot reach A or B. Deficit Z has no outgoing. So max flow 0, P=2. Could we cover with 2 walks? Possibly: Walk1: A->X->Y->Z, Walk2: B->X->Y->Z? But then X->Y and Y->Z would be used twice. That covers all edges: A->X, B->X, X->Y, Y->Z. That's 2 walks. Could we do with 1? Starting at A, go A->X->Y->Z, then we need to cover B->X, but can't go back to B. So 2. So P=2.

Now consider a case where deficit can reach surplus: Let's create: A->B, B->C, C->D, and also C->E, with e: A:1, B:0, C: out2 in1 =>1? Actually C: incoming from B (1), outgoing to D and E (2) => e=1; D:0 in1 => -1; E:0 in1 => -1. Surplus: A=1, C=1. Deficit: D=1, E=1. Reachability from deficit D to surplus? D has no outgoing, so none. From E, none. So max flow 0, P=2. But could we do with 2? Yes: Walk1: A->B->C->D, Walk2: A->B->C->E? That would cover A->B twice, B->C twice, but okay. That's 2. Could we do with 1? No.

Now to get a deficit that can reach a surplus, we need a node with e<0 that has an outgoing path to a node with e>0. Since e<0 means indeg > outdeg, but it can still have outgoing edges. For example, consider: X->Y, Y->Z, and also W->X. Let's compute: W->X, X->Y, Y->Z. Suppose also Y has another incoming? Let's set: W->X, X->Y, Y->Z, and also A->Y. Then e: W: out1 in0 =>1; A: out1 in0 =>1; X: out1 in1 =>0; Y: out1 in2 => -1; Z: out0 in1 => -1. Surplus: W=1, A=1. Deficit: Y=1, Z=1. Reachability from deficit Y to surplus? Y can reach Z, but not W or A (since edges go forward). So no. To have deficit reach surplus, we need a node with e<0 that can reach a node with e>0. Since e>0 nodes are typically sources (indeg=0) or nodes with more out than in. In a DAG, sources have indeg=0, so they cannot be reached from any other node (except themselves). So a deficit node cannot reach a source because sources have no incoming edges, so they are not reachable from anyone else. Therefore, the only way a deficit can reach a surplus is if the surplus node is not a source, i.e., it has indeg>0, so it can be reached from some nodes. But surplus nodes with e>0 could be intermediate nodes with more out than in, like D in sample 2. In sample 2, D had e=+1 and was reachable from C (deficit). So indeed, deficits can reach surplus nodes that are not sources. So the cancellation flow can go from deficit nodes to surplus nodes that are downstream.

Thus, the maximum flow from deficit nodes to surplus nodes in the transitive closure gives the amount of surplus that can be canceled. The remaining positive sum is total surplus - max_flow. This seems to give the minimum number of walks.

But we must also consider that after cancellation, the resulting d_v may have some positive and negative values. The total positive sum is P. However, is it always possible to realize a set of walks with exactly that many starts? I think yes, by constructing the flow accordingly.

Thus, the algorithm for each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG (with at least one inter-SCC edge) is:

1. Compute e_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v) for each vertex v in the component.
2. Let total_surplus = sum_{v} max(0, e_v). (This is the sum of positive e_v)
3. Build a bipartite graph: left side L = vertices with e_v < 0 (deficit), each with capacity -e_v. Right side R = vertices with e_v > 0 (surplus), each with capacity e_v.
4. For each deficit node u and surplus node v, add an edge from u to v if there is a directed path from u to v in the DAG (i.e., v is reachable from u). Since the DAG is small (<=26), we can compute reachability via Floyd-Warshall or BFS from each node.
5. Compute the maximum flow from L to R in this bipartite network (capacities on nodes, edges infinite). This is a standard max flow problem with node capacities. We can convert node capacities to edge capacities by splitting each node into in/out with capacity equal to its supply/demand, or simply treat as a flow network with source connected to deficit nodes with capacity -e_v, surplus nodes connected to sink with capacity e_v, and edges between deficit and surplus with infinite capacity (or a large number like sum of surpluses). Then compute max flow.
6. Then the minimum number of walks for this component = total_surplus - max_flow.

But we must also consider the possibility that the component has no edges? Already handled.

Now, test on sample 2: total_surplus=3, max_flow=1, result=2. Good.

Test on sample 1 component A: total_surplus=2, max_flow=0, result=2. Good.

Test on the earlier counterexample A->B, B->C, A->C: total_surplus=2, max_flow=0, result=2. Good.

Test on a case where cancellation possible: Let's create a DAG: A->B, B->C, B->D, C->E, D->E. Compute e: A:1, B: out2 in1 =>1, C: out1 in1 =>0, D: out1 in1 =>0, E: out0 in2 => -2. Surplus: A=1, B=1. Deficit: E=2. Reachability from deficit E to surplus? E has no outgoing, so none. max_flow=0, result=2. But could we do with 2? Yes, walks: A->B->C->E and A->B->D->E? That uses A->B twice, B->C, B->D, C->E, D->E. That's 2. Could we do with 1? No. So result 2.

Now consider a case where cancellation reduces: Suppose we have nodes: X->Y, Y->Z, and also Y->W, with e: X:1, Y: out2 in1 =>1, Z:0 in1 => -1, W:0 in1 => -1. Surplus: X=1, Y=1. Deficit: Z=1, W=1. Reachability from deficit Z to surplus? Z has no outgoing, so none. From W, none. So max_flow=0, result=2. But could we use extra flow to cancel? For instance, send extra flow from Y to Z? That would increase outflow from Y (surplus) and inflow to Z (deficit), which would reduce Y's surplus and Z's deficit. That is sending flow from surplus to deficit, not deficit to surplus. But our model says we can send flow from deficit to surplus to cancel. But here we want to cancel Y's surplus by sending extra flow from Y to Z. That is from surplus to deficit, which is the opposite direction. Does our model allow that? Let's check: If we add extra flow on Y->Z, then for Y: outflow increases, so d_Y = e_Y + (Y_out - Y_in) = 1 + (1 - 0) = 2, actually increasing surplus! Wait, e_Y=1, adding one unit on Y->Z increases Y_out by 1, so d_Y = 1+1=2, making it worse. For Z: inflow increases, so d_Z = -1 + (0 - 1) = -2, making deficit larger. So that's not helpful. To reduce surplus at Y, we need to increase inflow to Y or decrease outflow. Adding flow on Y->Z increases outflow, bad. To reduce surplus at Y, we could add flow on X->Y? That would increase inflow to Y, reducing its net outflow. But X is surplus, so adding flow from X to Y would increase outflow from X (bad for X) and increase inflow to Y (good for Y). So we could transfer surplus from X to Y? But Y is also surplus, so not helpful. Actually, we want to reduce total positive sum. The only way to reduce total positive sum is to move surplus from a node to a deficit node. That requires sending flow from a deficit node to a surplus node (as earlier reasoning). Because sending flow from surplus to deficit would increase the surplus at the source and decrease deficit at the sink, but net positive sum might increase? Let's analyze: Suppose we have surplus node S (e_S>0) and deficit node T (e_T<0). If we send extra flow from S to T (along a path), then for S: outflow increases, so d_S = e_S + (out - in) increases, making surplus larger. For T: inflow increases, so d_T = e_T + (out - in) becomes less negative (deficit reduces). The total positive sum changes by: increase in d_S (positive) plus change in d_T (if d_T becomes less negative, it might become zero or positive, but if it was negative, reducing deficit could reduce the total negative, but total positive sum is sum of positive d_v. The total positive sum might increase or decrease? Let's compute: Initially, positive sum includes e_S. After adding flow f from S to T, d_S = e_S + f, d_T = e_T - f (since inflow increases, net outflow decreases by f). If e_T is negative, d_T becomes e_T - f (more negative if f positive? Actually, if we send flow from S to T, T receives inflow, so its net outflow = outflow - inflow. Inflow increases by f, so net outflow decreases by f, so d_T = e_T - f. Since e_T is negative, subtracting f makes it more negative, increasing the magnitude of deficit. So total positive sum increases by f (from S) and total negative sum becomes more negative by f, so the sum of positive d_v increases. So sending flow from surplus to deficit is counterproductive. Conversely, sending flow from deficit to surplus (i.e., from T to S) would increase outflow from T (reducing its deficit) and increase inflow to S (reducing its surplus), thus decreasing total positive sum. So indeed, the direction is from deficit to surplus.

Thus, in the diamond example, deficits are Z and W, surpluses are X and Y. Can deficits reach surpluses? Z and W have no outgoing edges, so they cannot send flow to X or Y. So no cancellation possible, so total positive remains 2.

Now consider a case where a deficit node has an outgoing edge to a surplus node. Example: A->B, B->C, C->D, and also C->E, with e: A:1, B:0, C: out2 in1 =>1, D:-1, E:-1. Deficits: D, E. Surpluses: A, C. Can deficits reach surpluses? D has no outgoing, E none. So no. But what if we add an edge from D to somewhere? D is sink, can't. So to have deficit reach surplus, the deficit node must have outgoing edges. That means it must have outdeg>0, but still indeg>outdeg. So it's a node with more incoming than outgoing but still has some outgoing. For example, consider: X->Y, Y->Z, and also W->Y, and Y->U. Let's compute: X->Y, W->Y, Y->Z, Y->U. e: X:1, W:1, Y: out2 in2 =>0, Z:-1, U:-1. Deficits: Z, U. Surpluses: X, W. Can Z or U reach X or W? No, because edges go forward from Y to Z/U, not back. So still no.

To have deficit reach surplus, we need a node with e<0 that can reach a node with e>0. Since e>0 nodes are typically those with more out than in, they are likely to be upstream (closer to sources) because they have high outdegree. In a DAG, flow goes from sources to sinks. Nodes with e>0 are net producers, they likely appear earlier in topological order. Nodes with e<0 are net consumers, appear later. So a deficit node (later) cannot reach an earlier surplus node because that would require going backwards. Therefore, in a DAG, it is generally impossible for a deficit node to reach a surplus node, because surplus nodes tend to be earlier. However, sample 2 shows a deficit node C (e=-1) reaching a surplus node D (e=+1). How is that possible? Let's examine topological order: A, B, C, D, E, F. Actually, edges: A->C, B->C, C->D, D->E, D->F. Topological order could be A, B, C, D, E, F. Here C comes before D. So C is earlier, D is later. C has e=-1 (deficit), D has e=+1 (surplus). So a deficit node (C) is earlier than a surplus node (D). That's possible because e depends on indeg/outdeg, not just position. C has more incoming than outgoing, so it's a deficit, but it still has outgoing edges, so it can be before D. So a deficit node can be upstream of a surplus node. In that case, the deficit node can send flow to the surplus node (since there is a path from C to D). That's exactly what we used. So in a DAG, it's possible for a deficit node to be before a surplus node, allowing cancellation.

Thus, the cancellation flow is from deficit nodes (which may be earlier) to surplus nodes (which may be later). This is consistent with the direction of edges.

Therefore, the max flow from deficits to surpluses in the transitive closure is the correct measure.

Now, we must also consider that after cancellation, the resulting d_v may have some positive and negative values. The total positive sum is P. But is it always possible to realize exactly P walks? I think yes, by constructing the flow and then decomposing into paths. Since we have a feasible flow (x_e) that satisfies lower bounds and has net outflows d_v, we can decompose it into P paths from sources (d_v>0) to sinks (d_v<0). This is standard flow decomposition. The decomposition will yield exactly P paths if we decompose each unit of flow from a source to a sink as a separate path? Actually, flow decomposition yields a set of paths and cycles. Since the graph is acyclic, there are no cycles. The total flow value (sum of positive d_v) equals the total amount of flow from sources to sinks. Decomposing into paths, the number of paths can be as high as the flow value if each path carries 1 unit. But we can combine multiple units on the same path if they share the same source and sink? In flow decomposition, we usually decompose into unit flows along paths, but we can also have paths with flow >1, which would correspond to multiple walks that are identical? But we can split them into separate walks. The number of walks is at least the number of paths in a decomposition where each path carries integer flow, but if a path carries flow k, that could be interpreted as k walks that follow the same route (maybe we can combine them into one walk that repeats edges? But a single walk cannot traverse the same edge multiple times in a DAG because that would require revisiting vertices, which is impossible. So if we have flow k>1 on an edge, that means we need to traverse that edge k times. That could be done by having k separate walks, each traversing that edge once, or by having one walk that traverses the edge multiple times? But a walk in a DAG cannot traverse an edge twice because that would require revisiting the tail vertex after leaving, which is impossible. So each traversal of an edge must be done by a distinct walk that passes through that edge at that point. Therefore, if an edge has flow k, we need at least k walks that include that edge. However, these walks could be combined if they share other edges? But they would be separate walks because they each need to traverse that edge at some point. However, could a single walk traverse the same edge twice by going around a cycle? No cycles. So indeed, the total number of walks is at least the maximum flow on any edge? Not exactly. Consider we have two walks that both use edge e. They are separate walks. So the total number of walks is at least the maximum over edges of x_e? Not necessarily, because a single walk could use an edge only once, so if x_e = 2, we need at least 2 walks that include e. But those two walks could be the same two walks that also cover other edges. So the total number of walks P must be at least the maximum edge flow? Actually, P must be at least the maximum over edges of x_e, because each walk can contribute at most 1 to the flow on a given edge (since it can traverse it at most once). So we have P >= max_e x_e. In our flow construction, we might have x_e values that are larger than P? Let's check sample 2: x_{CD}=2, P=2, so max_e x_e =2, P=2, okay. In general, if we have a flow decomposition into P paths, each path contributes 1 to each edge it traverses. So the flow on an edge is the number of paths that include that edge. Therefore, P must be at least the maximum edge flow. In our flow, we can ensure that P equals the total positive d_v, which is the sum of d_v over sources. But is it guaranteed that max_e x_e <= total positive d_v? Not necessarily; consider a case where a single edge is used by many paths, the total positive d_v might be smaller than the edge flow if paths share that edge but start and end at different places? Actually, the total positive d_v is the sum of outflows from sources. If many paths share an edge, they all originate from some sources, so the total source outflow equals the number of paths (if each path carries 1 unit). So total positive d_v equals the number of paths (if each path is unit flow). In a flow where each path carries 1 unit, the flow on an edge is the number of paths using that edge, which cannot exceed the total number of paths. So max_e x_e <= P. So it's consistent.

Thus, the flow we construct should have integer flows, and we can decompose into P paths. So the minimum P is indeed total_surplus - max_flow, where max_flow is the maximum amount of flow that can be sent from deficits to surpluses (i.e., cancellation). But we must also ensure that after cancellation, the resulting d_v are such that the flow on each edge is at least 1. Our construction via adding flow from deficits to surpluses will increase some edge flows beyond 1, which is fine.

Now, we need to compute max_flow in the bipartite graph with node capacities. Since the graph is small (<=26), we can do this easily.

But wait, is the cancellation flow limited to sending flow directly from a deficit node to a surplus node? Could we send flow along a path that goes through intermediate nodes that are also deficit or surplus, and that might allow more cancellation? Since we are using transitive closure, we already account for any path. And because intermediate nodes will have their balances unchanged if the flow passes through them (since they get equal inflow and outflow), they don't affect the cancellation. So using direct edges in the bipartite graph is sufficient.

Thus, the algorithm for each weakly connected component of the condensation DAG:

- Compute e_v = outdeg(v) - indeg(v) for each vertex v in the component.
- Let total_surplus = sum_{v} max(0, e_v).
- If total_surplus == 0, then the component is balanced. However, due to acyclicity, a balanced component with all e_v=0 might still require at least 1 walk? Consider a DAG that is a single directed path: A->B->C. e: A:1, B:0, C:-1, so not all zero. If we have a DAG where all e_v=0, that would mean each vertex has indeg=outdeg. In a DAG, can that happen? Possibly if there are multiple edges forming a kind of Eulerian directed graph? But since it's acyclic, the only way indeg=outdeg for all vertices is if there are no edges? Because in a DAG, there must be at least one source (indeg=0) and one sink (outdeg=0). If indeg=outdeg for all, then sources would have outdeg=0 as well, so they'd be isolated. So a non-trivial DAG cannot have all e_v=0. So total_surplus will be at least 1 if there is at least one edge. But consider a DAG that is a single cycle? That would be a cycle, which is not a DAG. So not possible. So for any component with edges, total_surplus >= 1. But is it possible that total_surplus = 0? Only if there are no edges, which we handle separately. So for components with edges, total_surplus >= 1.

- Build flow network: source S, sink T. For each deficit node u (e_u < 0), add edge S -> u with capacity -e_u. For each surplus node v (e_v > 0), add edge v -> T with capacity e_v. For each pair (u deficit, v surplus) such that v is reachable from u in the DAG, add edge u -> v with capacity INF (or a large number like total_surplus). Then compute max flow from S to T.

- Then min_walks = total_surplus - max_flow.

But we must also consider that the component might have multiple weakly connected pieces? Actually, we are already processing each weakly connected component separately, so within a component, the graph is weakly connected. However, the reachability we compute is within the component.

Now, what about isolated SCCs with no inter-SCC edges? They have no edges in the condensation DAG, but they have internal edges. For such an SCC, we need 1 string to cover its internal edges. But could an isolated SCC have no internal edges? That would mean it's a single vertex with no self-loop and no edges to/from others, but then it wouldn't appear in the graph because it would have no incident edges at all. So such SCC wouldn't exist. So we add 1.

But also, there might be SCCs that have inter-SCC edges but also have internal edges that are not covered by the walks that cover inter-SCC edges? As argued, they will be covered because the SCC is visited. However, we must ensure that when we construct the walks from the flow, we actually include the internal edges. The flow only deals with inter-SCC edges. We need to augment each walk to also cover all internal edges of the SCCs it visits. As argued, we can always do that by inserting a closed walk covering all internal edges at the appropriate point. But we must be careful: if an SCC is visited by multiple walks, we only need to cover its internal edges once. So we can assign the coverage to one of the walks. Since we are minimizing number of walks, we can always arrange that. So it doesn't affect the count.

Thus, the total minimum number of strings = sum over weakly connected components of the condensation DAG of (if component has no inter-SCC edges: 1 else: total_surplus - max_flow). Plus, we must also consider SCCs that are isolated but have internal edges? Those are components with no inter-SCC edges, so they are counted as 1.

But wait, what about SCCs that have no inter-SCC edges but are part of a larger weakly connected component via internal edges? No, internal edges are within SCC, so they don't connect different SCCs. So such an SCC would be isolated in the condensation DAG. So it's its own component.

Now, we need to also consider the possibility that the original graph might have multiple SCCs that are not connected via inter-SCC edges but are connected via internal edges? That's impossible because internal edges are within SCC. So condensation DAG's weak connectivity is based on inter-SCC edges only. So if there are two SCCs with no inter-SCC edges between them, they are separate components, even if there is a path using internal edges? No, internal edges don't cross SCCs. So they are separate.

Thus, the algorithm steps:

1. Read N and the list of 2-letter strings.
2. Build directed graph G with vertices = letters (A-Z). Add edge for each string.
3. Compute SCCs of G (using Kosaraju or Tarjan). Since up to 26 vertices, simple.
4. Build condensation DAG: assign each vertex an SCC id. For each edge u->v, if scc[u] != scc[v], add an edge from scc[u] to scc[v] in the condensation. Note: there could be multiple edges between the same SCC pair? Since original edges are distinct, but there could be multiple edges between same pair of letters? No, product names are distinct, but there could be multiple edges between different letters that map to same SCC pair. For example, if there are two edges from A to B and from A to B? Not possible because they would be same string. So at most one edge between any ordered pair of vertices. However, after condensation, there could be multiple edges between the same SCC pair if there are multiple original edges from vertices in SCC1 to vertices in SCC2. Since vertices are distinct, it's possible to have multiple edges between the same SCC pair. For example, SCC1 contains A and B, SCC2 contains C, and edges A->C and B->C. Then condensation would have two edges from SCC1 to SCC2. In our analysis, we considered outdeg and indeg as counts of inter-SCC edges. So we need to count multiple edges between SCCs as separate edges. So in the condensation, we should keep parallel edges? Actually, for the purpose of computing e_v = outdeg - indeg, outdeg is the number of inter-SCC edges outgoing from that SCC, counting multiplicities. Similarly indeg counts incoming edges with multiplicities. So we need to count each original edge that goes between different SCCs as an edge in the condensation. So the condensation is a multigraph. However, for reachability, parallel edges don't affect reachability. For flow, we treat each such edge as a separate requirement (must be covered at least once). But in our flow model, we have a single variable x_e for each original inter-SCC edge, with lower bound 1. If there are multiple edges between the same SCC pair, they are distinct and each must be covered. In the cancellation flow, we can send extra flow along any of these edges, but they are separate. However, for the purpose of computing e_v, we just count the number of outgoing edges (multiplicity). For the max flow from deficits to surpluses, we only care about reachability, not about the number of edges, because we can send flow along any path; if there are multiple parallel edges, they provide more capacity for sending extra flow, but since we have infinite capacity on the virtual edges between deficit and surplus (we can send any amount along a path, using any of the parallel edges as needed), the existence of at least one edge from u to v (in the condensation) is sufficient to allow arbitrary flow from u to v, because we can use that edge multiple times (by traversing it multiple times in the walk). However, if there are multiple edges, we could also use them to send flow without exceeding the capacity of a single edge? But since we can repeat edges, a single edge can be traversed multiple times, so it also provides infinite capacity in terms of flow (since we can send arbitrary flow along it by repeating). So the multiplicity doesn't affect the maximum cancellation flow, as long as there is at least one edge from u to v (or a path). Because we can send arbitrary flow along that single edge by repeating it. However, there is a subtlety: sending flow along an edge multiple times means that edge will be traversed multiple times, which is allowed. So yes, a single edge can carry arbitrary flow. Therefore, for the purpose of the cancellation flow, we only need to know if there is a directed path from a deficit node to a surplus node. The existence of at least one edge in that direction suffices. So we can compute the transitive closure of the condensation (ignoring multiplicities). So we can treat the condensation as a simple DAG (no parallel edges) for reachability.

But we must be careful: The e_v calculation must count each inter-SCC edge individually, because outdeg and indeg are counts of edges. That affects total_surplus. For example, if there are two edges from SCC1 to SCC2, then outdeg(SCC1) includes both, indeg(SCC2) includes both. So e_v values reflect that. That's important for total_surplus.

Now, for the max flow from deficits to surpluses, we use the transitive closure of the condensation (simple graph). The capacities on the edges between deficit and surplus are infinite, so the max flow is limited only by the supplies and demands, and the connectivity. So we can compute reachability via BFS/DFS from each deficit node.

Thus, the algorithm:

- Compute SCCs.
- For each SCC, compute:
   - internal_edges: count of edges within the SCC (including self-loops). We'll need this later to know if an isolated SCC has internal edges? Actually, we only need to know if an SCC has any internal edges to decide if it needs a string when isolated. But if an SCC has no internal edges and no inter-SCC edges, it wouldn't exist. However, an SCC could have no internal edges but have inter-SCC edges; that's fine. For isolated SCC (no inter-SCC edges), it must have at least one internal edge (otherwise it wouldn't be in the graph). So we can just treat any SCC with no inter-SCC edges as requiring 1 string. But what if an SCC has no internal edges and no inter-SCC edges? That would be a vertex with no incident edges at all, which cannot happen because we only consider vertices that appear in some edge. So such SCC wouldn't be created. So we can safely add 1 for each SCC that has no outgoing and no incoming inter-SCC edges (i.e., isolated in condensation). But we must also ensure that if an SCC has no inter-SCC edges but has internal edges, it needs 1 string. If it has no internal edges (impossible), it would need 0? Not possible.

- Build condensation graph as a simple directed graph (no parallel edges) for reachability, but also compute outdeg and indeg counts (with multiplicities) for each SCC.

- Identify weakly connected components of the condensation (considering the underlying undirected graph of the condensation). Since the condensation is a DAG, we can find components via BFS on undirected version.

- For each component:
   - If the component has no inter-SCC edges (i.e., it consists of a single SCC with outdeg=indeg=0), then add 1 to answer.
   - Else:
        - For each SCC in the component, compute e = outdeg - indeg.
        - total_surplus = sum of positive e.
        - Build flow network:
            - Create a list of deficit nodes (e < 0) with supply = -e.
            - Surplus nodes (e > 0) with demand = e.
            - Compute reachability from each deficit node to each surplus node: we can precompute transitive closure of the condensation (simple graph) within the component. Since component size <= 26, we can do Floyd-Warshall or BFS from each node.
            - Add edges from deficit to surplus if reachable.
        - Compute max flow from source to sink. Since total supply is at most number of edges (<= 676), we can use Dinic or Edmonds-Karp. The graph is small.
        - min_walks = total_surplus - max_flow.
        - Add to answer.

But we must also consider that within a component, there might be SCCs that have no inter-SCC edges? That would make them isolated within the component? Actually, if an SCC has no inter-SCC edges, it cannot be part of a component with other SCCs because there would be no connection. So such SCC would be its own component. So in a component with inter-SCC edges, every SCC has at least one inter-SCC edge (either incoming or outgoing). So fine.

Now, we need to verify this formula on more cases, including those with multiple edges between SCCs.

Let's test a case: Suppose we have SCC1 (A,B) with internal edges, and SCC2 (C) with no internal edges. Edges: A->C, B->C (two edges from SCC1 to SCC2). Also maybe SCC1 has internal edges. Then condensation: SCC1 -> SCC2 with two edges. outdeg(SCC1)=2, indeg(SCC1)=0 => e1=2. SCC2: outdeg=0, indeg=2 => e2=-2. total_surplus=2. Deficit: SCC2 with 2. Surplus: SCC1 with 2. Reachability: from deficit SCC2 to surplus SCC1? SCC2 has no outgoing edges, so not reachable. Max flow = 0. min_walks = 2. Can we cover with 2 walks? Yes: one walk A->C, another B->C. Could we cover with 1 walk? Starting at A, go A->C, then we are at C, cannot go to B to take B->C. So need 2. Good.

Now, suppose we add an edge from C to D, and D is a sink. So edges: A->C, B->C, C->D. Then SCCs: SCC1 (A,B), SCC2 (C), SCC3 (D). e1=2, e2: out1 in2 => -1, e3: out0 in1 => -1. total_surplus=2. Deficits: SCC2 (1), SCC3 (1). Surplus: SCC1 (2). Reachability from deficits to surplus: SCC2 can reach SCC1? No (C cannot go back to A/B). SCC3 cannot. So max flow=0, min_walks=2. Can we cover with 2 walks? Possibly: Walk1: A->C->D, Walk2: B->C->D. That's 2. Could we do with 1? No. Good.

Now, consider a case where a deficit can reach a surplus: as sample 2.

Now, consider a more complex case with multiple deficits and surpluses and reachability. Let's construct: Nodes: 1,2,3,4. Edges: 1->2, 2->3, 2->4, 3->5, 4->5, and also 3->6, 5->6? Let's design systematically.

But I think the formula is plausible.

Now, we must also consider that the original graph may have self-loops (like XX). Those are internal edges of an SCC. In condensation, that SCC may be isolated or have inter-SCC edges. If isolated, we add 1. If it has inter-SCC edges, it's part of a component and will be visited by walks covering those edges. But we must ensure that its internal self-loop is covered. When a walk visits that SCC, can we cover the self-loop? Yes, by including it in the internal walk. For a self-loop at vertex X, we can simply include "XX" as a substring in the string when we are at X. So it's fine.

Now, what about SCCs that have internal edges but are never the start or end of any walk? They will be visited as intermediate nodes. As argued, we can cover all internal edges during that visit. So fine.

Thus, the algorithm seems correct.

Now, we need to implement:

- Parse input.
- Build graph: vertices are 26 letters, but we only need those that appear. We'll map letters to indices 0-25.
- Compute SCCs. Since graph is small, we can use Kosaraju: first DFS to get order, then DFS on reversed graph.
- After SCC ids, we have comp_count = number of SCCs.
- For each SCC, compute:
   - outdeg_inter[scc] = number of edges from vertices in this SCC to vertices in a different SCC.
   - indeg_inter[scc] = number of edges from other SCCs to this SCC.
   - internal_edge_count[scc] = number of edges within the SCC (including self-loops). We might not need internal count except for isolated SCCs? Actually, for isolated SCCs, we need to know if they have any internal edges. But if an SCC has no inter-SCC edges, it must have at least one internal edge (otherwise it wouldn't be in the graph). However, it's possible that an SCC has no inter-SCC edges and also no internal edges? That would mean the SCC consists of a single vertex with no self-loop and no edges to/from others, but then that vertex wouldn't appear in any edge, so it wouldn't be in the graph. So we can assume internal_edge_count >0 for isolated SCCs. But to be safe, we can still add 1 if the SCC has any edge at all (either internal or inter). Since it's isolated, it has no inter-SCC edges, so it must have internal edges to exist. So we add 1.

- Build condensation simple graph for reachability: For each pair of SCCs (i != j), if there is at least one edge from any vertex in i to any vertex in j, then we add a directed edge from i to j in the simple condensation graph. We'll also need the undirected connectivity to find weak components.

- Find weakly connected components of the condensation graph (considering the simple edges). Since the condensation is a DAG, we can do BFS on undirected version.

- For each component:
   - If the component has only one SCC and that SCC has outdeg_inter == 0 and indeg_inter == 0 (i.e., no inter-SCC edges), then ans += 1.
   - Else:
        - For each SCC in component, e = outdeg_inter - indeg_inter.
        - total_surplus = sum(max(0, e))
        - Build flow network:
            - Let deficits = list of (scc, supply = -e) for e<0.
            - Let surpluses = list of (scc, demand = e) for e>0.
            - Compute reachability matrix within the component using the simple condensation graph (directed). Since component size small, we can run BFS from each node.
            - Create flow graph: source node index, sink node index. We'll assign indices: source = 0, then deficit nodes, then surplus nodes, then sink. Or use a library like networkx? We'll implement Dinic.
            - Add edges: source -> each deficit node with capacity supply.
            - Each surplus node -> sink with capacity demand.
            - For each deficit node u and surplus node v, if v is reachable from u, add edge u -> v with capacity INF (or total_surplus).
            - Compute max flow.
        - min_walks = total_surplus - max_flow.
        - ans += min_walks.

Edge case: What if total_surplus == 0? As argued, this shouldn't happen for a component with inter-SCC edges. But just in case, if it happens, then min_walks would be 0? But we need at least 1 walk to cover edges. So we should take max(1, total_surplus - max_flow). However, if total_surplus == 0, then the component is balanced. In a DAG, balanced with edges implies there is at least one source and sink? Actually, if total_surplus=0, then sum of positive e =0, so all e=0. That would mean each vertex has outdeg=indeg. In a DAG, this forces that there are no sources or sinks, which is impossible unless there are no edges. So total_surplus>0. So we can ignore.

But consider a component that is a single SCC with inter-SCC edges? That can't
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
