=== PROMPT VARIANT ===
qwen

=== PROMPT ===
You will be given a competitive programming problem.
You are given a string S of length N and a string T of length M, both consisting of digits from 1 to 9.
You will perform the following operation for k=1,2,\ldots,M in order:

- Choose an integer i such that 1 \le i \le N. Then, replace the i-th character of S with the k-th character of T.

Find the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N M
S
T

Output

Print the maximum possible value of the resulting string S interpreted as an integer after performing the M operations.

Constraints


- 1 \le N,M \le 10^6
- N and M are integers.
- S is a string of length N consisting of digits from 1 through 9.
- T is a string of length M consisting of digits from 1 through 9.

Sample Input 1

3 3
191
325

Sample Output 1

593

The following sequence of operations is optimal:

- For k=1: Choose i=3. Then, S = 193.
- For k=2: Choose i=1. Then, S = 293.
- For k=3: Choose i=1. Then, S = 593.

In this case, the value of S interpreted as an integer is 593, which is the maximum.

Sample Input 2

3 9
191
998244353

Sample Output 2

993

Sample Input 3

11 13
31415926535
2718281828459

Sample Output 3

98888976555

Use the following starter code to write the final solution.
```python

```

Reason in a commit-build-close way.

Follow the workflow below strictly. Think like terse contest scratch work, not a tutorial.

A productive rhythm for this task usually looks like this:
- Use the decisive constraints to narrow to one main candidate early. If two candidates remain, choose the simpler one that still fits the limits instead of keeping both alive.
- Before coding, run one compact feasibility screen only on that chosen candidate: complexity, core data-structure fit, and the one or two edge cases most likely to break it.
- Turn that result into a tiny implementation ledger: main state, loop order, invariant, and the one or two local risks to watch while coding.
- Move into code promptly. Do not paraphrase the problem, replay samples, or explain the algorithm like a tutorial.
- After coding starts, keep all later reflection attached to the current draft.
- If something looks wrong, first classify it as a local patch, a small structural adjustment, or a genuine invariant break. Prefer the smallest fix that resolves it.
- Do not reopen broad planning, redesign, or knowledge recall after a viable draft already exists unless a concrete edge case or contradiction forces it.
- Once the chosen draft survives the feasibility screen, one key edge-case check, and one draft-level recheck, close rather than compare nearby alternatives again.
- If a thought does not help choose, code, patch, or verify the current draft, drop it and continue.

Try to avoid patterns like these:
- tutorial-style explanation, sample replay, or long prose restatement before coding;
- alternating between redesign, knowledge recall, and reconsideration after coding has already started;
- drifting from a viable draft back into abstract planning without new evidence;
- letting one local uncertainty expand into a fresh search cycle when a local patch would do.

Output only the final Python code enclosed in a code block.

=== REASONING ===
<think>
We need to solve the problem: given S (length N) and T (length M), both digits 1-9. For k=1..M, we must perform an operation: choose an index i (1-indexed) from 1..N, and replace S[i] with T[k]. After all M operations, we want the resulting string S (interpreted as integer) to be as large as possible.

We can choose i each step arbitrarily, possibly same or different indices. The operations are sequential; later operations can overwrite previous changes. So effectively we have M moves, each we can set any position to the current T[k]. We want to maximize final string as integer, i.e., lexicographically from leftmost digit (most significant) to rightmost.

Observation: The final string is determined by the last operation that affected each position. Since later operations can override earlier ones, the final value at position i is the value assigned by the latest operation that chose i, or original S[i] if never chosen.

We have M operations in order. For each k, we choose a position i_k. The final string S_final[i] = S[i] if no operation chose i, else the value from the largest k such that i_k = i.

Thus we can think of assigning each operation to a position, but the order matters because later assignments to same position override earlier ones.

Goal: maximize lexicographic order of the final string.

This is reminiscent of a greedy strategy: we want to make the leftmost digits as large as possible. Since we can overwrite, we might want to use later (higher k) digits to improve early positions, but we have limited number of operations and each operation can only be used once.

We need to decide which positions to overwrite and with which T[k] (in order). Since T is processed sequentially, the later digits are "more powerful" because they can be used to set a position after earlier assignments, thus they are the ones that will stick if we assign them to a position that was previously set.

But note: if we assign a later digit to a position, it overrides any earlier assignment to that position. So the final digit at a position is determined by the latest operation that targeted it. So effectively, each position's final digit is the maximum (in terms of being later, not necessarily numeric) among the T[k] assigned to it, but since later overrides, it's the T from the highest k assigned to that position. So we can think of each position i being assigned a "last time" L_i, and then final digit = T[L_i] if L_i exists, else S[i].

But we have to assign each operation to exactly one position (we must choose an i each step). So we have a sequence of assignments: for each k, we pick i_k. This yields L_i = max{k: i_k = i} (or 0 if none). The final digit at i is T[L_i] if L_i>0 else S[i].

We want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

This is similar to a problem where we have a sequence of updates and we can decide where to apply them to maximize the final string. Typically, the optimal strategy is to try to make the leftmost digit as large as possible by using the largest digits from T, but we have to respect order: we cannot use a later digit before an earlier one; but we can assign earlier digits to positions that we might later overwrite with better digits. So we can "waste" earlier digits on positions that we don't care about, or on positions that we will later improve.

The key is that the final digit at each position is determined by the last assignment to that position. So we can think of each operation as potentially setting a position to its digit, but if we later assign another operation to the same position, the earlier one is irrelevant. So effectively, we can decide for each position which operation (if any) will be the last one to affect it, and that operation's digit will be the final digit. However, we must assign all operations to some positions, but the assignments that are not last for their position are essentially "wasted" (they don't affect final string). But we have to assign them somewhere; we can assign them to positions that already have a later assignment (so they get overwritten) or to positions that we don't care about (like the rightmost positions) where they might be overwritten later anyway.

Thus the problem reduces to: we have M operations with digits T[1..M] in order. We need to select for each position i a "final" operation index L_i (or none) such that:
- For each k, there is exactly one position i assigned to operation k? Actually each operation must be assigned to some position. But if we assign operation k to a position i, and later operation k' > k also assigned to i, then operation k's effect is overwritten. So operation k's assignment only matters if it is the last assignment to its position. So we can think of the set of operations that are "final" for their positions: each position can have at most one final operation (the last one assigned to it). And each operation can be final for at most one position (the one it's assigned to, and if it's the last assignment to that position). But an operation could be non-final if it's assigned to a position that later gets another assignment. So the final operations are a subset of the M operations, each used exactly once as the final assignment to some position. The other operations are "wasted" and can be assigned arbitrarily (e.g., to positions that already have a later final assignment, or to positions that we will later assign a final operation to, etc.)

Thus we can choose a set of indices K_final ⊆ {1..M} and assign each to a distinct position (since each position can have at most one final operation, and each final operation can only be assigned to one position). Also, the order of final operations matters because they must respect the sequence: if we assign operation k to position i as final, then no operation > k can be assigned to i (otherwise k wouldn't be final). But we can assign later operations to i as long as they are also final? Actually if we assign a later operation to same i, then that later operation becomes the final for i, and k becomes non-final. So for a position i, the final operation is the maximum k assigned to i. So if we want operation k to be final for i, we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to i. That means that for each position i, we can have at most one final operation, and it must be the largest index assigned to i. So if we decide that position i gets final operation k, then we must not assign any operation > k to i.

Thus the problem is: we need to assign each operation k to some position i_k. The final string is determined by, for each i, the max k such that i_k = i (if any). We want to maximize the resulting string lexicographically.

We can think of building the final string from left to right, deciding which digits to place at each position. Since we have control over assignments, we can try to make the leftmost digit as large as possible by using a large digit from T, but we must also ensure that we can assign all operations without violating the order constraints.

Let's think about a greedy algorithm: iterate over positions from left to right (most significant to least). For each position, we want to set it to the maximum possible digit that we can achieve given the remaining operations. But we must also consider that we have to assign all operations, and later positions may need to be assigned digits as well.

Alternatively, consider the process of operations sequentially. At step k, we choose a position to overwrite with T[k]. This is like we have a current string S (initially original). We can decide where to put each new digit. The goal is to maximize final string. This is reminiscent of a game where we can replace digits, and later digits can override earlier ones. The optimal strategy often is: for each new digit, if it can improve the string by replacing a digit that is smaller and that won't be later improved by a larger digit, we should do that. But we need to consider that we might want to save larger digits for more significant positions.

Let's analyze small examples. Sample 1: N=3, S=191, T=325. They did: k=1 (3) -> i=3 (so S becomes 193). k=2 (2) -> i=1 (293). k=3 (5) -> i=1 (593). So they used the largest digit 5 on the most significant position, but they had to assign 2 first to position 1, then 5 later overrides it. That's allowed. So effectively, they used operation 2 to set position 1 to 2, but then operation 3 overwrote it with 5. So operation 2 was "wasted" in terms of final value, but it was necessary to assign operation 2 somewhere; they could have assigned it to a less significant position, but they chose to assign it to position 1 because they knew they would later improve it with 5. That allowed them to use operation 3 on position 1. If they had assigned operation 2 to position 2 or 3, then operation 3 could still be assigned to position 1, but then position 1 would be 5, which is good. However, they also needed to assign operation 1 (3) somewhere; they put it on position 3, which ended up as 3 (since no later overwrite). So final string 593. Could they have gotten 595? That would require position 2 to be 9 (original) or maybe 5? Actually 595 would be digits: 5,9,5. They have original 1,9,1. They could assign operation 3 (5) to position 1, operation 2 (2) to position 3? That would give 1? Wait: if they assign op1 (3) to pos3 -> 193; op2 (2) to pos3 -> 192; op3 (5) to pos1 -> 592. That's 592. Not better. If they assign op1 to pos2 -> 131; op2 to pos1 -> 231; op3 to pos1 -> 531 -> 531. Not as good. If they assign op1 to pos1 -> 391; op2 to pos2 -> 321; op3 to pos1 -> 521 -> 521. So 593 seems max. So the idea is to use the largest digit (5) on the most significant position, and use the second largest (3) on the least significant position (since original there was 1, and 3 > 1). The 2 is wasted but placed on a position that later gets overwritten by 5. So the strategy: we want to assign the largest digits from T to the most significant positions, but we must respect that we have to assign all digits in order, and we can overwrite. So we can "reserve" a position for a later larger digit by assigning some earlier digit to it (which will be overwritten). But we could also assign earlier digits to positions that we don't care about (like rightmost) where they might stay if not overwritten.

Thus the problem resembles: we have a sequence of updates. We can think of the final string as being determined by a matching between positions and a subsequence of T (the last assignments). The other T elements are assigned to positions that are later overwritten, so they don't affect final string. But we must assign them to some positions, but they can be assigned to positions that already have a later assignment (so they are overwritten) or to positions that we will later assign a final digit to (so they are overwritten). So essentially, we can "ignore" the effect of any T element by assigning it to a position that will later be overwritten by a later T element. But we must ensure that for each position, the last assignment is the one we want.

Thus we can choose any subsequence of T (preserving order) to be the final assignments to distinct positions (since each position gets at most one final assignment). The remaining T elements can be "wasted" by assigning them to positions that already have a later final assignment (or to positions that we will assign a later final assignment to). But we need to ensure that we can assign all wasted T elements without interfering with the final assignments? Actually, if we assign a wasted T element to a position that has a later final assignment, that's fine because it will be overwritten. If we assign it to a position that has no final assignment (i.e., we keep original digit), then that wasted assignment would change that position's digit and become final unless later overwritten. But we could also assign it to a position that we intend to keep original, but then it would change it, possibly making it worse. So we should avoid that. So we should assign wasted T elements only to positions that will eventually be overwritten by a later final assignment. That means we need to have enough "overwritable" positions to absorb the wasted assignments. But we can also assign wasted T elements to positions that already have a final assignment from a later operation? Wait, if we assign a wasted T element (with index k) to a position i, and later we assign a final operation with index k' > k to the same i, then the wasted assignment is overwritten. So it's safe. So we can assign any wasted T element to any position as long as there is some later operation assigned to that same position (i.e., the position will be overwritten later). So we need to ensure that for each wasted assignment, there exists a later assignment to the same position. That later assignment could be either a final assignment (if we intend that position to have a final digit from a later T) or another wasted assignment that itself is overwritten later, but ultimately there must be a final assignment to that position (or maybe we could have a chain of wasted assignments all overwritten by the final one). So essentially, we can assign wasted T elements to positions that will receive a final assignment from a later T element. So each position that gets a final assignment can absorb any number of earlier wasted assignments (as long as they are assigned to it before the final one). Also, positions that do not get any final assignment (i.e., keep original digit) cannot receive any wasted assignment because that would change the digit and not be overwritten (since no later assignment to that position). So we must not assign any operation to such positions unless we intend to overwrite them later. So the set of positions that receive a final assignment (i.e., are overwritten at least once, with the last being the final) are the ones we can use to absorb wasted assignments.

Thus the problem reduces to: choose a subsequence of T (indices k1 < k2 < ... < kL) and assign each to a distinct position (i1, i2, ..., iL) (order doesn't matter for assignment, but the indices must be increasing). The final digit at position i_j is T[k_j]. All other positions (not in the set) keep original S[i]. Additionally, we must assign the remaining M - L operations (the wasted ones) to positions in such a way that they are all overwritten by later assignments. That is possible if and only if for each wasted operation, we can assign it to some position that will later receive a final assignment (or another wasted operation that is later overwritten). Since we can always assign a wasted operation to the same position as some later final assignment (as long as that later final assignment exists), we need that there is at least one final assignment? Actually, if we have at least one final assignment, we can assign all wasted operations to that same position, as long as we assign them before the final assignment. But we must respect the order: if we assign a wasted operation with index k to position i, and the final assignment to i has index k' > k, then it's fine. So we can assign all wasted operations to the same position that gets a final assignment from the largest index (the last operation). That would work because the last operation (which is the final assignment for that position) will overwrite all previous assignments to that position. However, we need to ensure that the final assignment itself is indeed the last operation assigned to that position. If we assign all wasted operations to the same position, and also assign the final operation to that position, then the final operation must be the largest index among those assigned to that position. Since the final operation is the one with the largest index overall? Not necessarily; we could have multiple final assignments to different positions. But we can assign all wasted operations to a position that gets a final assignment with the largest index among all final assignments? Actually, we need to ensure that for each wasted operation, there exists some later operation assigned to the same position. The simplest is to assign all wasted operations to the position that receives the last operation (i.e., the operation with index M). Because M is the largest index, any operation assigned to that position before M will be overwritten by operation M. So if we ensure that the last operation (k=M) is assigned to some position (call it i_last), then we can assign all other operations (including other final assignments? Wait, other final assignments are also operations that we want to be final for their positions. If we assign them to positions other than i_last, they will not be overwritten by operation M unless we also assign operation M to those positions, but then they would be overwritten and not final. So we cannot assign operation M to multiple positions; it must be assigned to exactly one position. So the other final assignments must be to positions that are not overwritten by later operations. That means for a final assignment at index k (k < M), we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to that same position. So we cannot assign any later operation (including wasted ones) to that position, because that would overwrite it. Therefore, if we have a final assignment at index k, we must not assign any operation with index > k to that position. So we cannot simply dump all wasted operations onto the position of the last operation, because that would overwrite the last operation? Actually, the last operation is at index M. If we assign all wasted operations to the same position as the last operation, then the last operation is assigned to that position, and all earlier assignments to that position are overwritten by the last operation. That's fine; the last operation remains final for that position. But what about other final assignments? They are assigned to other positions. For those positions, we must not assign any later operation (including wasted ones) to them. So we cannot assign any wasted operation to those positions because that would be a later operation (since wasted operations have indices less than M, but some could be greater than the final assignment's index). Actually, if we have a final assignment at index k, we must avoid assigning any operation with index > k to that position. That includes wasted operations with indices > k. But wasted operations could have indices less than k as well; those would be overwritten by the final assignment if we assign them to the same position before the final assignment? Wait, if we assign a wasted operation with index j < k to the same position as the final assignment at index k, then at step j we set that position to T[j]; then at step k we set it to T[k], overwriting it. So that's fine; the final assignment at k remains final because it's the last assignment to that position. However, we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to that position. So we can assign wasted operations with indices less than k to that position, but not those with indices greater than k. So for a position with final assignment at index k, we can absorb wasted operations that have indices less than k, but not those greater than k. Since wasted operations can have indices both less and greater than k. The ones greater than k would overwrite the final assignment, which we don't want. So we need to allocate wasted operations to positions such that for each wasted operation with index j, we assign it to a position whose final assignment index is greater than j (so that it gets overwritten). In other words, each wasted operation must be assigned to a position that has a final assignment with index > j. Additionally, we must ensure that the final assignment for that position is indeed the last assignment to that position; i.e., no other operation with index > that final index is assigned to it. So if we assign a wasted operation with index j to a position with final index k > j, that's okay as long as we don't assign any other operation with index > k to that position. Since we control assignments, we can avoid that.

Thus the feasibility condition: we need to select a set of final assignments (positions and indices) such that for every operation that is not a final assignment (i.e., wasted), there exists some final assignment with index greater than that operation's index, and we can assign the wasted operation to that position (before the final assignment) without conflict. Moreover, we must also assign the final assignments themselves to distinct positions. Also, we can assign multiple wasted operations to the same position as long as their indices are less than the final index of that position, and we don't assign any later operation to that position after the final assignment.

But is there any limitation on how many wasted operations can be assigned to a single position? No, because we can assign any number of earlier operations to the same position before the final assignment; they will all be overwritten. So a position with final index k can absorb any number of wasted operations with indices < k. So the only constraint is that for each wasted operation with index j, there must be at least one final assignment with index > j that we can assign it to. Since we can assign multiple wasted operations to the same final position, as long as there is at least one final assignment with index greater than j, we can place j there. However, we also need to consider that the final assignments themselves have indices; they are also operations that must be assigned to positions. The final assignment with index k is itself an operation; we assign it to its designated position. That assignment also counts as using operation k. So overall, we need to assign each operation to some position. For a final assignment at index k, we assign it to its position. For wasted operations, we assign them to positions that have a final assignment with index > j. So the condition reduces to: For every j that is not chosen as a final assignment, there must exist some chosen final assignment index k > j. In other words, the set of final assignment indices must be such that its maximum is M (since the last operation must be a final assignment? Not necessarily; could the last operation be wasted? If the last operation (k=M) is not a final assignment, that means we assign it to some position that already has a final assignment with index > M? impossible because M is largest. So if we assign operation M to a position, and there is no later operation, then whatever digit we set at that position will be final for that position (since no later overwrite). So operation M will always be a final assignment for the position it's assigned to, unless we assign it to a position that already has a final assignment with index > M, which can't happen. Therefore, operation M must be a final assignment. Similarly, any operation that is assigned to a position and no later operation assigned to that same position will be final for that position. Since we control assignments, we can ensure that for each position we want to keep original, we never assign any operation to it. So the only positions that get any assignment are those that we intend to have a final digit from some operation. Among those, the operation with the largest index assigned to that position is the final one. So operation M will be the final assignment for whatever position it's assigned to. So M is always a final assignment. Good.

Now, for any other operation j, if we want it to be wasted, we must assign it to a position that will later be assigned a final operation with index > j. So we need at least one final assignment with index > j. Since M is a final assignment, and M > any j < M, that condition is satisfied for all j < M as long as we can assign j to the same position as M? But we must be careful: if we assign j to the position that gets final assignment M, that's fine because j < M, and M will overwrite it. However, what about positions that have final assignments with indices less than M? For those positions, we must not assign any operation with index > their final index to them. So we cannot assign wasted operations with indices greater than that final index to those positions. But we can assign them to the position with final index M (or any other final assignment with index greater than j). So as long as we have at least one final assignment with index greater than j, we can assign j to that position. Since M is always > j, we can always assign all wasted operations to the position that receives operation M. That would work, provided we don't also assign other final assignments to that same position (since that would cause conflict: if we assign another final assignment with index k < M to the same position, then at step k we set it, then later at step M we set it, so the final digit would be T[M], not T[k]. So that other final assignment would not be final; it would be overwritten. So if we want multiple final assignments, they must be on distinct positions, and the one with the largest index (M) must be on its own position. The other final assignments must be on other positions, and we must not assign any operation with index > their final index to those positions. In particular, we cannot assign any wasted operation with index > that final index to those positions. But we can assign wasted operations with index less than that final index to those positions, as they will be overwritten by the final assignment. However, wasted operations with index greater than that final index must be assigned to some other position with a final index greater than them (i.e., the M position). So as long as we have the M position, we can absorb all wasted operations with indices greater than any other final index. But we also have to consider wasted operations with indices less than a given final index: they could be assigned to that final position or to the M position; either is fine.

Thus, the only constraint for feasibility of a set of final assignments (indices and positions) is that we can assign all wasted operations to positions such that for each wasted operation j, there exists a final assignment with index > j that we assign it to, and we don't assign any operation with index > final index to a position with that final index (except the final assignment itself). Since we can always use the M position to absorb any wasted operation (because M > j), and we can also use other final positions to absorb wasted operations with indices less than their final index, it seems that any selection of final assignments (with distinct positions) is feasible, as long as we assign the M operation to some position (which we must). But we must also ensure that the final assignments themselves are assigned to distinct positions. That's fine.

But is there any hidden constraint about the order of assignments? For example, suppose we choose final assignments at indices k1 < k2 < ... < kL = M, and assign them to positions i1, i2, ..., iL respectively. We need to also assign the wasted operations. We can assign each wasted operation j to some position. The simplest scheme: assign all wasted operations to the position that receives the M operation (i_L). But we must be careful: if we assign a wasted operation j to i_L, then at step j we set i_L to T[j]; later at step M we set i_L to T[M]. That's fine. However, what about the other final assignments? They are at positions i1,...,i_{L-1}. For those positions, we must ensure that no operation with index > their final index is assigned to them. Since we are assigning all wasted operations to i_L, that condition holds because we are not assigning any operation to those other positions except their final assignment (and possibly some wasted operations with indices less than their final index, but we are not assigning any wasted operations to them in this simple scheme). So it's feasible: we assign each final operation k_t to its position i_t. For all other operations j not in {k_t}, we assign them to i_L. But we must check that for j that are less than k_t for some t, assigning them to i_L is fine because i_L's final index is M > j. For j that are between k_t and k_{t+1}, also fine. So this assignment works as long as we don't assign any operation to i_t other than k_t. That's allowed because we can choose i_k arbitrarily each step. So indeed, any set of final assignments (with distinct positions) is feasible, because we can always dump all wasted operations onto the position that gets the last operation (M). But wait: what about the case where we have multiple final assignments, and we assign all wasted operations to the M position. Then consider a final assignment at index k_t (t < L). Its position i_t receives only operation k_t. That's fine. No later operation is assigned to i_t, so its final digit is T[k_t]. So the final string is determined by: for each position i that is among the chosen set, digit = T[final index assigned to it]; for other positions, digit = original S[i]. And we can choose any subset of positions to assign final digits, and any increasing sequence of indices from T to assign to them (with the last index being M). But we must assign each operation exactly once, and we are using all operations: the final assignments use L operations, and the wasted ones are assigned to the M position. However, note that the M position itself is one of the final assignments. So if we assign all wasted operations to the M position, then that position receives multiple operations: all wasted ones plus the M operation. That's okay; the final digit is T[M]. So the M position's final digit is T[M]. So in this scheme, the position that gets M will end up with digit T[M], regardless of how many earlier assignments to it.

Thus the problem reduces to: we can choose any set of positions (size L) and assign to them a strictly increasing sequence of indices from T, with the constraint that the largest index must be M (since operation M must be assigned somewhere, and it will be final for that position). Actually, could we assign operation M to a position that also gets another final assignment? No, because then that other final assignment would be overwritten. So if we want a position to have a final digit from some index k < M, we must not assign any operation with index > k to that position. So operation M cannot be assigned to that position. Therefore, operation M must be assigned to a distinct position that does not have any other final assignment with index < M? Actually it could be assigned to a position that also gets some earlier final assignment? That would overwrite it, so the earlier final assignment wouldn't be final. So if we want both k and M to be final assignments, they must be on different positions. So M is always a final assignment on its own position. So the set of final assignments always includes M. So we have at least one position that gets T[M].

Now, what about other final assignments? They can be any indices less than M, assigned to distinct positions different from the M position. They must be in increasing order? Not necessarily; we can assign them in any order to positions, but the indices themselves are naturally ordered by time. The assignment of which index goes to which position is part of our choice. But we must assign each operation exactly once. So we need to decide for each operation k, which position it goes to. The final digit at a position is the digit from the largest index assigned to that position. So if we want a position to end up with digit T[k], we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to that position. So we can assign any set of operations to that position as long as the maximum index among them is k. That means we can assign operations with indices less than k to that position (they will be overwritten), but we cannot assign any operation with index > k to it. So for a position we want to have final digit T[k], we can assign any subset of operations with indices < k to it, plus operation k itself, and no operations with indices > k. So the feasibility condition for a set of final assignments (k_i for positions i) is that the sets of indices assigned to each position are disjoint and cover all operations, with the constraint that for each position with final index k, all operations assigned to it have indices ≤ k, and exactly one of them is k (the final). Also, the assignment must respect that each operation is assigned to exactly one position.

Thus we need to partition the set of operation indices {1..M} into groups, each group assigned to a distinct position, such that within each group, the maximum index is the final index for that position, and the digit at that position becomes T[max]. The groups can be of any size, including size 1 (only the final operation). The positions that are not assigned any operation keep original S[i].

We want to maximize the resulting string lexicographically.

Now, this is a combinatorial optimization: choose a partition of the M operations into at most N groups (since we have N positions, but we can also leave some positions unused), each group assigned to a distinct position, and the final digit for that position is T[max of group]. The groups are unordered with respect to positions; we can assign any group to any position. Since we want to maximize the final string, we would assign the largest resulting digits to the most significant positions.

Thus the problem becomes: we have M operations with digits T[1..M]. We can form groups (subsets) that partition the set {1..M}. For each group, its "value" is T[max index in the group]. We can then assign these values to distinct positions (up to N positions) to replace the original digits S[i] at those positions. Positions not assigned any group keep original S[i]. We want to maximize the lexicographic order of the final string of length N.

We can choose any partition, and any assignment of groups to positions. Since we can also decide not to use a position (i.e., assign no operations to it), that's equivalent to a group of size 0 (no operations) with value = original S[i].

But note: groups must be non-empty? Actually a position that receives no operations is not a group; it's just original. So we have at most N groups (some may be empty). The groups we create must cover all operations; every operation must be in exactly one group. So we must partition all M operations into some number L of non-empty groups, where L ≤ N. Then we assign these L groups to L distinct positions, and the remaining N-L positions keep original S.

We want to maximize the final string. Since we can choose which positions to assign groups to, we would naturally assign the groups with the highest resulting digits to the leftmost positions (most significant). But we also have original digits at those positions; we might choose to overwrite a position even if the group's digit is not higher than original? Probably we would only overwrite if it improves the digit, or maybe we might overwrite with a lower digit if it allows us to use a higher digit elsewhere? But since we can assign groups arbitrarily, we would never assign a group to a position if the resulting digit is less than the original digit, because we could instead not assign any group to that position (keep original) and assign the group to some other position where it would be beneficial. However, there is a constraint: we must assign all operations to some positions. So we have to place all groups somewhere. If a group's digit is low, we might be forced to assign it to some position, possibly overwriting a higher original digit, which could make the string worse. But we could assign that group to a position where the original digit is even lower, or to a position that we are already overwriting with a higher digit? But each position can only have one group (i.e., one final digit). So we cannot assign two groups to the same position. So if we have a group with a low digit, we must assign it to some position, and that position's final digit will be that low digit, replacing whatever was there (original or maybe we could have assigned a higher group there instead). So we would like to minimize the damage by assigning low-digit groups to positions where the original digit is even lower, or to the least significant positions.

Thus the optimization involves selecting which operations to "group" together to form high-value groups, and which to leave as low-value groups, and then assign them to positions optimally.

Observation: The value of a group is determined solely by the maximum index in the group. Since T digits are from 1-9, but the index order matters: later indices may have smaller digits? Actually T can be any digits 1-9, not necessarily sorted. So a later index does not guarantee a larger digit. So the group's value is T[max index], which could be small even if max index is large. So we might want to "sacrifice" some operations by grouping them with a later operation that has a high digit, so that the group's value becomes that high digit, and the earlier operations in the group are wasted (overwritten). Conversely, if we have a later operation with a low digit, we might want to group it with an even later operation that has a high digit, so that the low-digit operation is overwritten and the group's value becomes the high digit. But we cannot avoid having the last operation M be the max of its group; its group's value is T[M]. So T[M] will be assigned to some position. Similarly, we can decide to group other operations with M (i.e., assign them to the same position as M) so that they are overwritten, and the group's value is T[M]. That would make those operations not produce separate low-value groups. So essentially, we can "absorb" any set of operations into the group that contains M (or any group with a higher max index) as long as their indices are less than the max index of that group. Since M is the largest index, we can absorb any operations into the group that contains M by assigning them to the same position as M. That would make the group's value T[M] regardless of how many operations we absorb. So we can effectively "discard" any operations we want by putting them in the same group as M, and they won't create separate groups with potentially low digits. However, we must be careful: if we absorb an operation into the M group, that operation is assigned to the same position as M. That position will then have final digit T[M]. That's fine. But what about other groups? We might also want to create additional groups with high digits from other operations that are not absorbed. For those groups, we need to ensure that no operation with index greater than their max is assigned to the same position. So we cannot absorb operations with index greater than the group's max into that group. But we can absorb operations with index less than the group's max. So we have flexibility.

Thus, the key decision is: which operations will serve as the max of a group (i.e., will be the final operation for some position)? All other operations will be absorbed into some group whose max index is greater than them. Since M must be a max of its group, we have at least one group. We can create additional groups by selecting some indices k (less than M) to be the max of their own group. For each such k, we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to that group. That means we cannot absorb any operation with index > k into that group. But we can absorb operations with index < k into that group. Also, we must assign all operations with indices between k and the next chosen max (or M) to some group. They could be absorbed into the group of the next higher max (including M). So essentially, if we select a set of indices K = {k1 < k2 < ... < kL = M} as the max indices of groups, then we can partition the operations as follows: for each consecutive pair (k_{t-1}, k_t] (with k0=0), the operations with indices in (k_{t-1}, k_t] can be assigned to the group with max k_t, because all those indices are ≤ k_t, and we can assign them to the same position as k_t. However, we must also consider that we might want to assign some of those indices to lower groups? But if we assign an operation with index j where k_{t-1} < j < k_t to the group with max k_t, that's fine. But could we assign it to the group with max k_{t-1}? That would require j ≤ k_{t-1}, which is false if j > k_{t-1}. So it cannot be assigned to a group with a smaller max because then its index would be greater than the max of that group, which is not allowed (since that would make the max of that group larger than intended). Actually, if we assign an operation with index j to a group whose intended max is k (with k < j), then the actual max of that group would become j, changing the group's value to T[j], and the intended max k would not be the final operation for that group (since j > k, j would overwrite). So that would defeat the purpose. Therefore, for a group with intended max k, we can only assign operations with indices ≤ k. So operations with indices > k must go to groups with max ≥ that index. Thus, if we select a set of max indices K, the natural partition is: each operation j belongs to the group with the smallest max index that is ≥ j. Because that group can accept j (since j ≤ that max), and any group with smaller max cannot accept j. Also, to avoid conflict, we should assign each operation to exactly one group. So the natural assignment is: for each j, assign it to the group whose max is the smallest element in K that is ≥ j. This ensures that each group gets a contiguous segment of indices: from (previous max + 1) to current max inclusive. This is essentially partitioning the index line into intervals based on chosen max indices. And each group's max is the right endpoint of its interval.

Is there any benefit to assigning an operation to a group with a larger max than the smallest ≥ j? Possibly, if we want to free up a group with a smaller max to have a different set? But if we assign j to a larger max group, then the smaller max group would have a gap: it would not get some indices that are ≤ its max, but that's okay as long as the group's max is still the largest index assigned to it. However, we must ensure that the group's max is indeed the largest index assigned to it. If we assign j to a larger max group, then the smaller max group might have no operation with index equal to its max? But we need the group's max to be exactly the intended max index, meaning we must assign that operation (the one with index = max) to that group. So for each chosen max k, we must assign operation k to that group. For other operations, we can assign them to any group whose max is ≥ their index, as long as we don't assign any operation with index > k to the group with max k. So we could, for example, assign some operations with indices less than k to a group with a larger max, leaving the group with max k with only operation k (and maybe some smaller indices). That would still satisfy the condition: the group with max k has max = k (since we assign k to it, and no operation with index > k is assigned to it). So it's allowed. So the partition does not have to be contiguous intervals; we can "skip" assigning some indices to the group with the smallest max ≥ j, and instead assign them to a higher group. This could be beneficial if the group with max k has a low digit T[k] and we want to avoid giving it many operations? But the number of operations assigned to a group doesn't affect the final digit; only the max matters. So we might want to minimize the number of groups with low digits, by absorbing as many operations as possible into groups with high digits, leaving low-digit groups with as few operations as possible? But the number of groups is determined by how many max indices we choose. Each chosen max index creates a group that will occupy a position. If we choose a max index with a low digit, that group will produce a low digit that must be placed somewhere, potentially harming the string. So we might want to avoid creating groups with low digits, i.e., avoid selecting low-digit indices as max, unless necessary. But can we avoid selecting a low-digit index as max? Consider an operation j with a low digit T[j]. If we do not select j as a max, then j must be assigned to some group with max > j. That's possible as long as there is some max > j. Since M is always a max, we can assign all operations except those we choose as max to the group containing M (or any higher max). So we can choose to have only one group (with max M), and absorb all other operations into that group. That would result in only one position being overwritten (with digit T[M]), and all other positions keep original S. Is that always feasible? Let's check: we need to assign each operation to a position. If we have only one group (max M), we assign all operations to the same position (the one that gets M). That means for each k from 1 to M-1, we assign operation k to that same position. Then at step k, we set that position to T[k]; at step M, we set it to T[M]. The final digit at that position is T[M]. No other positions are touched. This is a valid assignment. So we can always choose to have exactly one group (max M). That yields final string: one position (say i0) becomes T[M], others unchanged. We can choose which position to overwrite; we would choose the position where replacing with T[M] gives the maximum lexicographic improvement. Typically, we would replace the leftmost position where T[M] > S[i] and the improvement is most significant. But we might also consider replacing a position even if T[M] <= S[i] if it allows something else? Probably not, because we could just not replace that position (by choosing a different position to overwrite) and keep original, which would be at least as good lexicographically (since we can choose any position to assign the group). So we would choose the position that maximizes the resulting string. So the maximum possible string with one group is: we can replace one digit with T[M], and we can choose which position to replace. The optimal is to replace the leftmost position where T[M] > S[i]? Actually, we need to consider lexicographic order: replacing a digit at a more significant position with a larger digit improves the string more than any change at less significant positions. But if T[M] is less than the original digit at the most significant position, replacing it would make the string worse. So we would not replace that position. We would replace a position where the new digit is greater than the original, and we would prefer the leftmost such position? Let's think: Suppose we have two positions i < j. If we replace S[i] with T[M] and T[M] > S[i], the string becomes larger because at the first differing digit, it's larger. If we replace S[j] instead, the string might be larger than original if T[M] > S[j], but compared to replacing i, the string with replacement at i will be lexicographically larger because at position i it's larger, while at j it's the same as original (which might be smaller than the alternative where we replaced j? Actually, we need to compare two resulting strings: one with replacement at i, one with replacement at j. The one with replacement at i will have a larger digit at i than original, while the other has original digit at i. Since original digit at i is less than T[M] (by assumption), the string with replacement at i is lexicographically larger than the one with replacement at j, regardless of what happens at j. So indeed, to maximize, we should replace the leftmost position where T[M] > S[i]. If no such position exists, then replacing any position with T[M] would either keep same (if equal) or make it worse (if less). If T[M] equals some S[i], replacing doesn't change the value; it's neutral. But we could also choose not to replace any position? But we must assign operation M to some position. So we have to assign M to some position. If T[M] <= S[i] for all i, then assigning M to any position will not increase the digit; it could decrease if T[M] < S[i]. To avoid decreasing, we would assign M to a position where T[M] = S[i] if possible, so that the digit stays the same. If no such position, we must accept a decrease at some position. But we can choose the position that minimizes the damage, i.e., the rightmost position where the decrease has least impact. So the optimal with one group is: choose a position i to assign the group (i.e., overwrite with T[M]) that maximizes the resulting string. That's a simple decision: we want the final string to be as large as possible. This is like: we have original string S, we can change one digit to T[M]. Choose i to maximize the resulting string. That's easy: we would change the leftmost digit where T[M] > S[i]; if none, change the rightmost digit where T[M] < S[i] (to minimize damage), or if equal anywhere, we can change any such without effect, but we must change exactly one position? Actually we must assign M to some position, so we have to change exactly one position to T[M] (unless we assign other operations to same position, but that doesn't change the fact that the final digit at that position is T[M]). So we must set one position to T[M]. So the optimal is as described.

But we can also create multiple groups, which may allow us to set multiple positions to digits from T (specifically, the max indices of those groups). Could that yield a better string than just one group? Possibly, if there are other indices k with high digits that we can use to improve other positions, especially if T[M] is not very high but there is some earlier index with a high digit that we can use as a group max, while still absorbing the rest into M. However, if we create an additional group with max k, we must assign operation k to a distinct position, and we must ensure that no operation with index > k is assigned to that position. That means we cannot assign any operation with index > k to that position, including M if M > k. So we must assign M to a different position. So we will have at least two positions overwritten: one with T[k] and one with T[M]. The other operations can be absorbed into either group as long as indices are less than the group's max. But note: operations with indices between k and M (i.e., > k) cannot be assigned to the group with max k, because they are > k. They must be assigned to the group with max M (or any group with max > those indices). So they will be absorbed into the M group. That's fine. So we can have multiple groups.

Thus, the problem reduces to selecting a set of indices K (including M) to be group maxima, and then assigning each group to a distinct position, with the group's digit being T[k]. We can also decide which group gets which position. The final string will have at those positions the digits T[k] (for k in K), and original digits elsewhere. We want to maximize lexicographically.

But is there any additional constraint about the number of groups? We have N positions, so |K| ≤ N. Also, we must assign all operations to groups, but as argued, we can always assign non-max operations to the group with the largest max (M) or to any group with max greater than their index. So any set K that includes M is feasible as long as we can assign operations to groups respecting the max constraint. We need to ensure that for each group with max k, we assign operation k to that group, and we can assign any other operations with indices < k to that group, but we must not assign any operation with index > k to that group. Since we have groups with larger maxima, we can assign all operations with indices > k to those groups. So as long as we have a group with max M, we can assign all operations with indices > any smaller max to the M group. For operations with indices between two chosen maxima, say k1 < k2, and we have groups with max k1 and k2. Operations with indices in (k1, k2) are > k1, so they cannot go to group k1; they must go to group k2 (or any group with max ≥ those indices). Since k2 is the next larger max, they can go to group k2. That's fine. So any set K that includes M is feasible. Also, we could have multiple groups with maxima not covering all indices? But we must assign every operation to some group. As long as for each operation j, there is some group with max ≥ j. Since M is always present, that's satisfied. So any K ⊆ {1..M} with M ∈ K is feasible. Also, we can have K = {M} only.

Thus the problem becomes: we can choose any subset K of indices that includes M, with |K| ≤ N. For each k in K, we will have a digit d_k = T[k] that will replace the original digit at some position. We can assign these digits to distinct positions arbitrarily. The rest positions keep original S. We want to maximize the final string lexicographically.

But wait: is there any additional constraint about the order of assignments that might restrict which positions can receive which digits? For example, if we choose K = {k1, k2, ..., M} with k1 < k2 < ... < M, we need to assign each group to a position. The assignment of groups to positions is independent of the indices; we can choose any bijection between K and a set of positions. However, we must also ensure that during the sequential operations, we can realize the grouping assignment. That is, we need to specify for each operation which position it goes to, consistent with the grouping. We argued that any grouping with maxima K is feasible by assigning all operations with indices not in K to the group with the largest max (M), and for each k in K (except M), we assign operation k to its designated position, and assign no other operations to that position (or only those with indices < k). But we must also assign the operations with indices between k and the next larger max to the larger max's group. That's fine. However, we also need to assign the operations that are in K (the maxima) themselves to their positions. That's straightforward: at step k, we choose the position assigned to that group. For steps that are not maxima, we choose the position of the group we are absorbing them into (e.g., the M position). This yields a valid sequence. So indeed any K with M included is feasible.

Thus the problem simplifies dramatically: we can select any set of indices (including M) of size at most N, and then assign the digits T[k] for k in that set to distinct positions (any positions we like) to replace original digits, with the goal of maximizing the final string lexicographically. The rest of the operations (non-selected) are "wasted" and do not affect the final string.

But is there any hidden cost? For example, if we select an index k as a max, we must assign operation k to some position. That position will get digit T[k]. However, we might also have to assign some earlier operations to that same position to satisfy that they are assigned somewhere? No, we can assign all other operations to the M position. So the only effect of selecting k is that we get to place T[k] at some position, and we must use a distinct position for it (since we cannot assign two groups to the same position). So we are essentially allowed to "pick" up to N-1 additional digits from T (besides T[M]) to place at distinct positions, with the restriction that we can only pick digits at indices that we choose as maxima. But we can pick any indices we want, as long as we include M. So we can pick any subset of indices (including M) of size up to N. Then we can assign those digits to positions to maximize the string.

But wait: is there any restriction that the indices we pick must be in increasing order? No, we can pick any set; but we must assign each operation exactly once. If we pick an index k as a max, we are committing that operation k will be the last operation assigned to its position. That's fine. We can also pick indices that are not in increasing order? The set K is just a set; the order of indices is inherent. There's no restriction that we must pick them in any particular order; we just pick a subset. However, we must ensure that for each k in K, we do not assign any operation with index > k to the same position. Since we will assign all operations with index > k to the M position (or to positions with larger max), that's fine as long as we don't assign them to the position of k. So it's feasible regardless of which indices we pick, as long as we have M in K. So indeed, we can pick any subset containing M.

Thus the problem reduces to: Given original string S (length N) and array T[1..M] (digits), we can select up to N indices from 1..M (must include M) and then assign the corresponding digits T[k] to distinct positions in S (overwriting the original digits) to maximize the resulting string lexicographically. We can also choose not to use some positions (i.e., not assign any selected digit to them), leaving original digits.

But is there any constraint that we must use exactly |K| positions? Yes, we must assign each selected digit to a distinct position. We cannot assign two selected digits to the same position because that would mean two groups share a position, which would cause one to overwrite the other. So we need to assign each selected digit to a unique position. So we will replace exactly |K| positions with digits from T (the selected ones). The other N - |K| positions remain as original.

We can choose which positions to replace and with which selected digit. Since we want to maximize lexicographically, we would assign the largest digits to the most significant positions, but we also have to consider the original digits: replacing a position with a digit that is lower than original could be detrimental, but we might be forced to do so if we have to place a digit somewhere because we selected it? Actually, we are not forced to select a digit if we don't want to. We can choose K arbitrarily. So we can choose not to select a digit that would be harmful. So we would only select digits that can improve the string when placed appropriately. However, we must include M, so T[M] is forced to be placed somewhere. If T[M] is low, we might have to place it at a position where it does minimal damage (rightmost possible). But we could also potentially avoid placing it by not selecting M? But we must include M because operation M must be assigned to some position, and it will be the max of its group. So T[M] will appear as a digit in the final string at some position. So we cannot avoid T[M]. So T[M] is mandatory.

For other indices, we can choose to include them or not. Including an index k gives us the opportunity to place T[k] at some position, but we are not forced to include it; we can leave it out, and then operation k will be absorbed into the M group and not affect the final string. So we only include indices that are beneficial.

Thus the problem is: we have a mandatory digit d_M = T[M] that must be placed at some position. Additionally, we may optionally select any other indices k (1 ≤ k < M) to also place their digits T[k] at distinct positions (different from the mandatory one and each other). We can select at most N-1 additional indices (since total positions N, one used for mandatory). Actually, we can select up to N indices total, but mandatory uses one, so up to N-1 optional. But we could also select fewer than N total; we don't have to use all positions.

Goal: choose a set K_opt ⊆ {1..M-1} (possibly empty) and an assignment of the digits {T[k] for k in K_opt ∪ {M}} to distinct positions in {1..N} to maximize the resulting string.

We can also decide which position gets which digit. Since we want to maximize lexicographically, we would like to assign the largest available digit to the leftmost position where it improves over original, but careful: we might want to assign a slightly smaller digit to a left position if it allows a larger digit to go to an even more left position? But we can assign digits arbitrarily to positions, so we should sort the selected digits in descending order and assign them to the positions in order from most significant to least significant, but we also have original digits that may be larger than some selected digits. The optimal assignment is to decide which positions to replace and with which digit to maximize the lexicographic value. This is similar to: we have a multiset of replacement digits (including mandatory T[M] and optional ones). We can choose up to N positions to replace, each with a distinct digit from this multiset. The final string is obtained by replacing some positions with these digits. We want the lexicographically maximum string.

This is reminiscent of a greedy: we want the leftmost digit as large as possible. So we should consider whether we can make the first digit larger than S[1] by placing some digit there. The best we can do is the maximum digit among our selected digits that is greater than S[1]. If we have such a digit, we should place it at position 1, because that yields the largest possible first digit. If we have multiple digits greater than S[1], we would use the largest one at position 1, because that gives the biggest first digit. Then we move to position 2, and consider the remaining digits and original S[2], etc. However, we must also consider that we might not want to replace a position if the replacement digit is less than original, because that would make the string worse at that position, unless we are forced to place a digit somewhere (like mandatory T[M]). But we can choose to place the mandatory digit at a position where it does least harm, possibly a later position. So we should treat the mandatory digit as something we must place, but we can choose its position to minimize negative impact.

Thus the problem becomes: we have a set D of digits we can use (including mandatory T[M] and optional ones we choose). We must use exactly all digits in D? Wait, if we select an index k, we are committing to using T[k] as a replacement digit. But do we have to use all selected digits? Yes, because if we select k as a max, we must assign operation k to some position, and that position will end up with T[k]. So we cannot "select" a digit and then not use it; it must be placed. So D is exactly the set of digits corresponding to selected indices (including M). So we must place each digit in D at a distinct position. So we have to use all selected digits. So we cannot select a digit and then discard it; it must be placed.

Thus we need to choose a subset K (including M) such that when we assign the digits {T[k] : k ∈ K} to distinct positions, the resulting string is maximized. We can also decide which positions get which digits. Since we must place all selected digits, we might be forced to place some low digits that could harm the string. So we need to balance: adding a digit may be beneficial if it is high and can replace a low original digit at a significant position, but it may also force us to place a low digit somewhere else if we include a low digit. But we can choose not to include low digits. So we only include digits that are beneficial overall. However, note that including a digit uses up a position; we might be forced to replace a position that originally had a high digit with a lower digit if we have more selected digits than positions where replacement improves the string. But we can choose to replace a position where original digit is low, or even where original digit is high but we have no choice? Since we can choose which positions to replace, we can always choose to replace positions where the original digit is less than or equal to the replacement digit, if such positions exist. If we have more selected digits than such "improvable" positions, we might have to replace some positions where the replacement digit is less than original, causing a decrease. So we need to ensure that the number of selected digits does not exceed the number of positions where we can place them without making the string worse (or at least the overall effect is positive). But maybe we can accept some decreases if they allow us to place a very high digit at a more significant position that outweighs the decrease at a less significant position. For lexicographic order, a decrease at a later position is less harmful than an increase at an earlier position. So we might be willing to sacrifice a later position to gain an earlier one.

Thus we need to find the optimal selection K and assignment.

This looks like we can model it as: we have original digits S[1..N]. We have a multiset of available digits from T that we can choose to use (by selecting indices). We must use a subset that includes T[M]. We can choose any subset of indices (including M) of size up to N. Then we assign these digits to positions to maximize lexicographic value.

We can think of constructing the final string digit by digit from left to right, deciding whether to keep original or replace with one of the available digits, with the constraint that we must use all selected digits exactly once.

This is similar to a matching problem: we want to match selected digits to positions to maximize the string. Since the string is compared lexicographically, the optimal matching is to sort the selected digits in descending order and assign them to the positions in order of significance, but we also have the option to not replace a position (i.e., keep original) if the original is larger than any remaining selected digit. However, we must use all selected digits, so we must replace exactly |K| positions. So we need to choose which positions to replace and with which digit.

The optimal assignment for a given set D of digits (size L) is: sort D in descending order: d1 ≥ d2 ≥ ... ≥ dL. Then we need to choose L positions to replace. To maximize the lexicographic string, we should assign the largest digit to the leftmost position where replacing yields an improvement or at least not a decrease? Actually, we need to decide which positions to replace. Suppose we have sorted digits. We want to construct the final string by comparing with original. A known greedy for maximizing lexicographic string when we can replace some positions with given digits (each used once) is: iterate positions from left to right; at each position, we decide whether to replace it with the largest remaining digit if that would increase the digit at that position beyond what we could achieve otherwise. But we must also consider future positions.

This is similar to the problem of constructing the maximum number by replacing digits with a set of upgrades, where we have to use all upgrades. However, we are not forced to use all upgrades; we can choose which upgrades to take (by selecting indices). So we can also choose not to take some digits. So we have control over D.

Thus we need to find the best possible final string achievable by selecting some digits from T (including T[M]) and assigning them to distinct positions.

Observation: Since we can select any subset of indices, we can essentially pick any multiset of digits from T, but with the restriction that we can only pick each index at most once, and we must include M. Also, the digits are not independent because they come from specific indices, but since we can pick any subset, we can pick any combination of digits from T (as long as we include T[M]). However, note that if we pick two indices k1 and k2, we get both digits. There's no restriction like we cannot pick both. So we can pick any subset of the M digits, with the only mandatory inclusion of the last digit. So effectively, we have a set of available digits: all T[1..M-1] are optional, and T[M] is mandatory. We can choose any subset of the optional ones. So the problem reduces to: we have a mandatory digit d_mand = T[M]. We can also optionally include any other digits from T[1..M-1]. We must assign all chosen digits to distinct positions (up to N). We want to maximize the final string.

Now, this is reminiscent of a classic problem: given original string S and a multiset of replacement digits (with one mandatory), choose which digits to use and assign them to positions to maximize lexicographic value. Since we can choose any subset of optional digits, we would only include a digit if it helps improve the string. But including a digit uses a slot; if we have more digits than positions where we can improve, we might be forced to place a digit at a position where it makes the digit worse. So we should only include digits that can be placed in positions where they are at least as good as original, or where the overall lexicographic benefit outweighs the cost.

But maybe we can always avoid making the string worse by placing low digits at the rightmost positions, even if they are lower than original, because the lexicographic impact of a decrease at a less significant position might be offset by an increase at a more significant position from a high digit we included. However, if we include a low digit, we must place it somewhere; we could place it at the rightmost position, but that might still be worse than original at that position. But if we don't include that low digit, we wouldn't have that decrease. So including a low digit is never beneficial unless it enables us to include a high digit that we otherwise couldn't? But we can include high digits independently; there's no dependency between digits. We can include any subset. So including a low digit only adds a mandatory placement of a low digit, which can only hurt (or be neutral if placed where original equals it). So we would never include a digit that is not beneficial. However, what about the mandatory T[M]? That might be low, and we have to include it. So we must place it somewhere, possibly causing a decrease. That's unavoidable. But for optional digits, we would only include them if they are >= the original digit at the position we will place them, or if they allow us to place a higher digit at a more significant position by freeing something? But since we can assign digits arbitrarily, including an extra digit doesn't enable us to place a higher digit at a more significant position beyond what we already could with the digits we have. For example, suppose we have a high digit H and a low digit L. If we include both, we must place both. We could place H at a left position (improving it) and L at a right position (maybe decreasing it). If we only include H, we place H at the left position, and the right position keeps original (which might be higher than L). So the string with only H is better than with both H and L, because the right position is better. So including L is detrimental. Therefore, we should only include optional digits that are strictly greater than the original digit at the position where we will place them, and we should place them at positions where they improve the digit. Moreover, we should only include a digit if we have a position where it can improve (i.e., original digit < that digit) and we are not already using that position for a higher digit. Since we can choose which positions to replace, we would replace positions where original digit is low with higher digits. So we would like to select a set of digits that are as large as possible and assign them to positions with small original digits, to maximize the lexicographic improvement.

But we must also consider that we have to place the mandatory digit T[M] somewhere. If T[M] is high, we can place it at a leftmost position where it improves. If it's low, we might place it at a rightmost position to minimize damage.

Thus the problem reduces to: we have original string S. We have a mandatory digit d0 = T[M]. We have a pool of optional digits from T[1..M-1]. We can choose any subset of these optional digits. We must assign all chosen digits (including d0) to distinct positions. The goal is to maximize the final string.

We can think of this as: we will decide which positions to replace. For each position i, if we replace it with some digit d, the contribution to the string is d. If we don't replace, it's S[i]. We want to choose a set of positions P (size L) and assign to each a distinct digit from our chosen set D (which must include d0 and any optional we include). The assignment should maximize the lexicographic string.

Since we can choose D arbitrarily (subject to d0 ∈ D and D ⊆ {T[1..M-1]} ∪ {d0}), the optimal strategy likely is: we want to replace positions with digits that are as large as possible, but we are limited by the digits available. Also, we must include d0, even if it's small. So we need to decide which optional digits to take.

This looks like we can treat the problem as: we have a multiset of candidate digits (all T[1..M-1]) that we can optionally take. We want to select a subset to maximize the resulting string after optimal assignment, given that we must also include d0.

We can approach by considering that the optimal assignment for a given set D is to sort D descending, and then assign them to positions in order from left to right, but we also have the option to skip replacing a position if keeping original yields a higher digit than any remaining in D? However, we must replace exactly |D| positions, so we cannot skip; we must choose |D| positions to replace. The optimal way to choose which positions to replace given D is to select the |D| positions where replacing yields the greatest lexicographic improvement. Since lexicographic order prioritizes earlier positions, we would want to replace the leftmost positions where we can increase the digit, but if we have more digits than positions where we can increase, we might have to replace some positions where the digit would decrease. To minimize damage, we would replace the rightmost possible positions when decreases are necessary.

Thus, given D, the optimal assignment can be computed by a greedy algorithm: we want to construct the final string digit by digit from left to right, deciding whether to replace the current position with the largest remaining digit from D if it improves the string, or keep original if original is larger than all remaining digits? But we must use all digits, so we cannot defer using a digit indefinitely; we must eventually place it somewhere. This is similar to the problem of "maximum number after applying swaps" but with replacement.

A known technique: To maximize the lexicographic string when we have a multiset of digits to place into some positions (each used once), we can process from left to right, and at each position, we consider whether we can achieve a higher digit by using one of the remaining digits. Since we want the leftmost digit as high as possible, we should try to put the highest possible digit at position 1, even if that means using a digit that could also be used later. So we should assign the largest digit in D to the leftmost position where it would be beneficial (i.e., where it is greater than the original digit at that position, or if no such position, then we might have to place it at a position where it is less, but we would delay that as much as possible). However, we must also consider that we might want to reserve a very high digit for a later position if the original at position 1 is already very high and cannot be improved. But if original at position 1 is already the maximum possible (9), we cannot improve it, so we keep it and move on.

Thus, a greedy algorithm that processes positions from left to right, and at each position, if there exists any digit in D that is greater than S[i], we should replace S[i] with the largest such digit (to maximize the digit at this position), and remove that digit from D. If no digit in D is greater than S[i], then we should not replace this position (keep original), because replacing with a digit ≤ S[i] would not improve and could make it worse (if < S[i]) or equal (if =). However, we might be forced to replace this position later if we have leftover digits that are ≤ S[i] and we have no other positions to place them without making the string worse. But we could place those leftover digits at positions to the right where original digits are lower, potentially improving them, or if they are still not improving, we might have to accept a decrease at some rightmost position. So the decision at a position when no digit > S[i] is available: we could either keep original (which is at least as good as any replacement) or we could replace with a digit equal to S[i] (no change) or lower (worse). Since we want to maximize, we would not replace with a lower digit if we can avoid it. But we might be forced to replace some positions because we have to place all digits. So we need to decide where to place the "bad" digits (those that are ≤ original at all remaining positions). The optimal is to place them at the rightmost positions, because decreasing a later digit has less impact.

Thus, a strategy: We have D (multiset). We will go from left to right. At position i, we look at the maximum digit in D. If that max > S[i], we replace S[i] with that max (since that gives the biggest possible digit at this position, and using the max now is optimal because any other digit would be ≤ max, and using max now doesn't prevent us from using other digits later; we might worry about using a high digit now that could be used later to improve an even more significant position? But we are at the most significant position currently, so improving here is most important. So using the max here is correct). If max ≤ S[i], then we cannot improve this position with any digit (since all digits ≤ S[i]). In that case, we should not replace this position now, because replacing with a digit ≤ S[i] would not improve and could be worse if < S[i]. However, we might later need to place some digits that are ≤ S[i] somewhere. We could place them at this position if we keep it? But if we replace now with a digit equal to S[i], it's neutral; if we replace with a lower digit, it's harmful. So we would rather keep original and place those digits later at positions where they might be improvements (i.e., where original digit is lower). But if later positions also have original digits that are high, we might have no positions where those digits are improvements. Then we will be forced to place them at some position, causing a decrease. To minimize impact, we should place them at the rightmost positions possible. So we should postpone placing digits that are not improvements as much as possible.

Therefore, a greedy algorithm that processes from left to right, and at each position, if there is any digit > S[i], we replace with the largest such digit; otherwise, we keep original and move on, leaving the digits in D for later. At the end, after processing all positions, if we still have digits left in D (which must happen because we must place all digits, and we might have skipped some positions), we need to place them at the remaining positions (which are those we didn't replace? Actually we processed all positions; we either replaced or kept original. But we might have not replaced some positions, and we still have digits left. However, we cannot add extra positions; we only have N positions. If we have leftover digits after processing all positions, that means we have more digits than positions we replaced. But we must assign each digit to a distinct position. So we must have replaced exactly |D| positions. In our greedy, we only replaced when we found an improvement. If |D| > number of positions where we can improve (i.e., where max > S[i]), we will have leftover digits after processing all positions. But we must still assign them to some positions, which would involve overwriting some positions that we previously kept original (or maybe we can replace a position we already replaced? No, each position can only have one final digit). So we need to decide which positions to overwrite with the remaining digits, even if they are not improvements. The optimal is to overwrite the rightmost positions (least significant) with the smallest digits (to minimize damage). But we also have to consider that we might have already replaced some positions with high digits; we don't want to overwrite those because that would lose the improvement. So we should overwrite positions that currently have original digits (which we kept) and that are as right as possible, and with the smallest digits first (since they cause least relative decrease? Actually, if we have to place a digit d that is less than the current digit at that position, the damage is (current - d). To minimize lexicographic impact, we want the leftmost such decrease to be as far right as possible. So we should assign the remaining digits to the rightmost positions, and among those, assign the smallest digits to the leftmost of those? Wait, we have a set of positions we haven't replaced (kept original). We will choose some of them to replace with the leftover digits. Since we want the final string as large as possible, we want the leftmost positions to be as high as possible. So we should avoid replacing leftmost positions with digits that are lower than original. Therefore, we should replace the rightmost positions. Also, among the leftover digits, we should assign the larger digits to the more left of the chosen positions? Actually, if we have to replace a set of positions (say the K rightmost positions), we can assign the digits to them arbitrarily. To maximize the string, we would assign the largest remaining digit to the leftmost among those positions (since that position is more significant), and the smallest to the rightmost. But if all digits are ≤ original at those positions, assigning a larger digit (but still ≤ original) might be less harmful than assigning a smaller digit? Actually, if original digit is X, and we replace with d ≤ X, the resulting digit is d. To maximize, we want d as large as possible at more significant positions. So we should sort the leftover digits in descending order and assign them to the chosen positions in order from left to right (among the chosen positions). However, we also have the option to not replace some positions even if we have leftover digits? No, we must place all digits, so we must replace exactly |D| positions. So we will end up replacing some positions that we initially kept. The set of positions to replace is exactly the set where we eventually place digits. Our greedy that only replaces when improvement is found may not replace enough positions; we need to also replace some positions where we don't improve, to accommodate all digits. So we need to decide which positions to sacrifice.

Thus, a better approach is to decide the set of positions to replace and the assignment of digits to them to maximize the final string. This is a classic assignment problem with lexicographic objective. Since N and M up to 1e6, we need an O(N log N) or O(M log M) solution.

We can think of it as: we have original string S. We have a multiset D of digits we must place (including mandatory). We need to choose a subset P of positions of size |D| to replace, and a bijection f: D -> P, to maximize the resulting string. The resulting string R is defined by R[i] = f^{-1}(i) if i ∈ P, else S[i]. We want R lexicographically maximum.

This is similar to: we want to construct R by, for each position from left to right, deciding whether to put a digit from D or keep S[i]. But we must use all digits from D exactly once.

This can be solved by a greedy algorithm using a priority queue or stack, similar to constructing the largest number by inserting digits or replacing. There is a known problem: "Maximum Number After Applying Operations" or "Create Maximum Number" from LeetCode (321). But that's different.

Alternatively, we can think of it as: we have to replace some positions with digits from D. The optimal R is obtained by taking the original S and then, for each digit d in D, we can "upgrade" a position if d > current digit at that position, but we can also downgrade if necessary. The lexicographic maximum can be found by considering that we want the leftmost digit as high as possible. So we should try to put the largest digit from D at the leftmost position where it would increase the digit. If the largest digit is not greater than S[1], then we cannot improve position 1, so we keep S[1] and move to position 2, but we still have to place that largest digit somewhere later, possibly decreasing some later position. However, maybe we could place a slightly smaller digit at position 1 if it's still > S[1]? But if the largest digit is ≤ S[1], then no digit > S[1] exists, so we cannot improve position 1 at all. So we keep S[1]. Then we consider position 2 with the remaining digits.

But what if the largest digit is > S[1]? Then we should place it at position 1, because that yields the highest possible first digit. Could there be a scenario where placing a slightly smaller digit at position 1 and saving the largest for a later position yields a better overall string? For lexicographic order, the first digit dominates. If we can increase the first digit, that's always beneficial, regardless of what happens later. So we should maximize the first digit. So we should place the maximum digit in D at the leftmost position where it can improve (i.e., where it is greater than the original). If the maximum digit is greater than S[1], we place it at position 1. If not, we cannot improve position 1, so we keep S[1] and move on.

After placing the maximum digit at position 1 (if beneficial), we remove it from D and consider position 2 with the remaining digits. This seems like a greedy that processes positions left to right, and at each position, if the current maximum remaining digit > S[i], we replace with that max; else, we keep S[i] and continue. However, this algorithm does not account for the fact that we might have to place digits that are not improvements later, and we might want to reserve some digits that are just slightly above S[i] for later positions where they could also improve, but using the max now is still optimal because any other digit would be ≤ max, and using max now doesn't prevent improving later positions if there are other digits that are also > S[j] for later j. But what if using the max now means that later we have no digit > S[j] for some j, whereas if we used a slightly smaller digit now (still > S[i]) and saved the max for later, we could improve a later position that otherwise couldn't be improved? However, since we process left to right, improving an earlier position is more valuable than improving a later one. So if we can improve position i with some digit d (d > S[i]), it's always better to use the largest possible d at i, because that gives the highest digit at i, which is the most significant. Even if using a smaller d (but still > S[i]) would allow us to use the larger d at a later position j, the gain at j is less significant than the gain at i. More formally, suppose S[i] = a, and we have two digits: X > Y > a. Option 1: put X at i, Y at j (where S[j] = b). Option 2: put Y at i, X at j. Compare the resulting strings: at position i, option1 has X, option2 has Y. Since X > Y, option1 is lexicographically larger regardless of what happens at j. So using the larger digit at the earlier position is always better. So greedy stands.

Now, what about the case where the maximum digit is not greater than S[i]? Then we cannot improve position i with any digit. So we keep S[i]. But we still have digits left that are ≤ S[i]. We might need to place them later. However, we might consider replacing position i with a digit equal to S[i] (no change) to "use up" a digit, but that would not affect the string. But we could also keep original and use that digit later. Since replacing with equal digit doesn't change the string, it's neutral. But if we replace with a lower digit, it's harmful. So we would never voluntarily replace with a lower digit if we can avoid it. So we should only replace a position if the digit we place is > original (improvement) or = original (neutral) but we might need to use up digits. However, if we have digits that are equal to original at some positions, we could place them there without harm, freeing us from having to place them later where they might cause harm. So we should consider using equal digits at positions where they match original, to avoid having to place them at positions where they would be lower.

Thus, the greedy should consider not only > but also = when we have to place digits anyway. But we can decide to place an equal digit at a position even if we could keep original, because it doesn't change the string and uses up a digit. This might be beneficial if we have many digits that are ≤ original at all remaining positions, and we want to avoid having to place them at positions where they would be lower. By placing equal digits at positions where they match original, we consume digits without decreasing the string. So we should try to place digits that are equal to original at those positions, if possible, before being forced to place lower digits.

But we have to be careful: if we place an equal digit at a position, we are using up that position for replacement, meaning we cannot later replace it with a higher digit (but if it's equal, there is no higher digit that could improve it because if there were a higher digit, we would have placed it earlier when we processed that position? Actually, when we process position i, we consider the current set of remaining digits. If there is a digit > S[i], we would place the max > S[i] and improve. If there is no digit > S[i], but there is a digit = S[i], we could choose to place it now, which would use up that digit and keep the digit same. However, we might also choose to keep original and save that equal digit for later, hoping to place it at a later position where it might also be equal or maybe even >? But if it's equal to S[i], it's not >, so it won't improve any position unless the original digit at that later position is less than this digit. So if we have a digit d that is equal to some original digit at position i, but at a later position j, S[j] might be less than d, then d could improve position j. So we might want to save d for later if it can improve a later position. If d cannot improve any later position (i.e., for all later positions, S[j] >= d), then placing d at a position where it's equal is harmless and uses up the digit, which is good because otherwise we might have to place it at a position where it's lower. So we need to consider future.

Thus, the greedy algorithm needs to look ahead to know whether a digit that is not > current S[i] could be useful later. This suggests a more global approach.

We can think of this as: we have a multiset D. We want to assign each digit to a position. The optimal assignment can be found by a kind of "matching" where we try to assign each digit to the leftmost position where it can improve (i.e., where digit > S[i]), and if no such position, assign it to the rightmost possible position (to minimize damage). This is reminiscent of the problem of maximizing the string by using a set of upgrades, which can be solved by processing from left to right with a data structure that holds digits, and at each position, we decide whether to use a digit.

Another perspective: Since we can choose which digits to include (optional), we might as well include all digits that are "useful" in the sense that they can be placed at some position without making the string worse (i.e., digit >= original at that position) and we have enough positions to place them. But we must also include the mandatory digit, even if it's harmful. So the optimal D will likely consist of the mandatory digit plus as many high digits as possible that can be placed at positions where they are >= original, but we must ensure that we don't include so many digits that we are forced to place some at positions where they are < original, causing a decrease that outweighs the benefit of including them. However, because we can choose positions arbitrarily, we can always place the mandatory digit at the rightmost position (if it's low) and place high digits at leftmost positions where they improve. Including an extra high digit that can improve a left position is always beneficial, as long as we can place it without forcing a decrease elsewhere that is more significant than the improvement. But the decrease would be at a rightmost position, which is less significant. So including a high digit that improves a left position should always be beneficial, even if it forces us to place a low digit (like the mandatory) at a right position, because the left improvement outweighs any right decrease. But wait, the mandatory digit is already forced; we have to place it somewhere. Adding an extra high digit does not add a new low digit; it adds a high digit. However, adding a high digit increases the total number of digits we must place by 1. That means we have to replace one more position. If we already have to place the mandatory digit (which might be low) and we add a high digit, we now have two digits to place. Previously, with only mandatory, we would replace one position (with the mandatory digit). Now we replace two positions: one with the high digit (improvement) and one with the mandatory digit (maybe decrease). The net effect: we improve one position (maybe left) and possibly degrade another position (maybe right) compared to the baseline of only mandatory. Is it always beneficial to add a high digit? Not necessarily if the mandatory digit is already placed at a position where it causes a decrease, and adding a high digit forces us to place the mandatory digit at a different position? Actually, with only mandatory, we can choose the best position for it (minimizing damage). When we add a high digit, we must place both. We can choose positions for both. The high digit will likely take a left position where it improves. The mandatory digit will take some position; we can choose the best remaining position for it (i.e., where it causes least harm). So compared to the baseline where mandatory occupies its best position, adding a high digit forces mandatory to move to a possibly worse position (since the high digit takes the best spot). So the net effect is: we gain improvement at a left position, but we may lose at the position where mandatory ends up (which might be worse than before). Whether this is beneficial depends on the magnitudes and positions.

For example, suppose S = "99", T[M] = 1 (mandatory low), and there is an optional digit 9. Baseline: only mandatory, we must place 1 somewhere. Best is to place it at the rightmost position (position 2), resulting in "91". If we add the optional 9, we must place both 9 and 1. We can place 9 at position 1 (improving from 9 to 9? Actually S[1]=9, so 9 is equal, not improvement) and 1 at position 2, resulting "91". Same as baseline. If we place 9 at position 2 and 1 at position 1, we get "19", which is worse. So best is "91". So adding 9 doesn't change the string because it's equal to original at position 1. But if we had an optional digit 8, baseline "91". With 8 and 1: we can place 8 at position 1 (8<9, so decrease) and 1 at position 2 -> "81" worse; or 8 at position 2 (8<9, decrease) and 1 at position 1 -> "18" worse; or 8 at position 1 and 1 at position 2 -> "81". So adding 8 makes it worse. So adding a digit that is not greater than original at any position (i.e., ≤ original at all positions) will force a decrease somewhere, making the string worse. So we should not include such digits.

What about a digit that is greater than original at some position but less than original at others? For example, S = "29", mandatory = 1, optional = 3. Baseline: place 1 at position 2 -> "21". With optional 3: we can place 3 at position 1 (3>2, improvement) and 1 at position 2 -> "31". That's better than "21". So adding 3 is beneficial. Here, the mandatory moved from position 2 to position 2 (still) but we used position 1 for 3, which was previously 2. So we improved position 1 from 2 to 3, and position 2 remains 1 (same as baseline). So net gain.

Now consider S = "92", mandatory = 1, optional = 8. Baseline: place 1 at position 2 -> "91". With optional 8: we can place 8 at position 1 (8<9, decrease) and 1 at position 2 -> "81" worse; or 8 at position 2 (8>2, improvement) and 1 at position 1 -> "18" worse; or 8 at position 1 and 1 at position 2 -> "81". So best is "81"? Actually "81" vs "91": "91" is larger because 9>8. So adding 8 makes it worse. But note, 8 is greater than original at position 2 (2), but less than original at position 1 (9). If we place 8 at position 2, we improve position 2 from 2 to 8, but we must place 1 at position 1, which becomes 1 (decrease from 9 to 1). The net string "18" is much worse than "91". So adding 8 is detrimental. However, could we place 8 at position 2 and 1 at position 1? That's "18". Could we place 8 at position 1 and 1 at position 2? "81". Both worse than "91". So indeed adding 8 is bad. So even though 8 can improve a position, the cost of moving the mandatory low digit to a more significant position outweighs the benefit.

Thus, we cannot simply include all digits that are > original at some position; we must consider the trade-off.

The problem becomes: we have a mandatory digit d0 (which may be low). We have a set of optional digits. We need to select a subset O of optional digits to include, and then assign all digits (d0 plus O) to positions to maximize the string. This is a combinatorial optimization that seems complex.

But maybe we can think differently: Since we can choose any subset of indices, we are effectively choosing which operations will be "final" (i.e., will determine a digit in the final string). The other operations are absorbed into the group of the largest index (M) and thus don't affect the string. So the final string is determined solely by the digits at the selected indices (including M). So we are choosing a set of indices K (with M ∈ K) and then assigning those digits to positions. This is equivalent to choosing a multiset of digits D = {T[k] : k ∈ K}. Since we can choose any K, D can be any subset of the digits of T that includes T[M]. So the problem is: pick a subset D of digits from T (must include T[M]) of size at most N, and then assign them to distinct positions to maximize the resulting string.

Now, note that the order of indices doesn't matter for the digits; only the digits themselves matter. So we can treat T as a multiset of digits, with one distinguished mandatory digit (the last one). But wait: is there any restriction that we cannot pick two indices with the same digit? No, we can pick any indices. So D can be any subset of the digits from T[1..M] that includes T[M]. So essentially, we have a bag of digits (with multiplicities) from T, and we must select a subset that includes the last digit. However, there is a subtlety: if we pick two indices that have the same digit, that's fine; we get two copies of that digit. So D is a multiset.

Thus, the problem reduces to: given original string S (length N), and a multiset of available digits A = T[1..M] (with multiplicities), we must select a subset D ⊆ A that includes the last element of A (i.e., T[M]), with |D| ≤ N, and then assign the digits in D to distinct positions (overwriting) to maximize the final string. We can choose any subset D (including the mandatory). This is like we have a pool of digits we can use, but we must use at least the mandatory one, and we can use up to N digits total.

Now, since we can choose any subset, we would like to use digits that help improve the string. The mandatory digit might be harmful, but we must include it. So we need to decide how many and which other digits to include.

This looks like a classic problem: given a string S and a multiset of digits, we can replace some characters with digits from the multiset (each used at most once) to maximize the resulting string. The optimal strategy is to try to replace from left to right with the largest available digit that is greater than the current character, if possible; otherwise, keep the current character. However, we must use all selected digits? Actually, in this classic problem, we usually have a fixed multiset of digits that we must use all of them (like we have to use all digits). Here we can choose how many to use. If we can choose any subset, the optimal is to use all digits that are beneficial and discard the rest. But we must include the mandatory digit, so we have to use it even if it's not beneficial. So we have to use at least that one. For other digits, we can choose to use them only if they improve the string when placed optimally, considering that we also have to place the mandatory digit.

So we need to determine the optimal D.

Let's denote the mandatory digit as d0 = T[M]. Let the multiset of optional digits be O = T[1..M-1]. We can select any subset O' ⊆ O. Then D = O' ∪ {d0}. We must assign all digits in D to distinct positions.

We want to maximize the resulting string R.

We can think of constructing R by starting from S and then applying replacements. Since we can choose O', we can control which digits are available.

One approach: Since N and M up to 1e6, we need an O(N log N + M log M) solution. Perhaps we can compute the maximum possible string directly without explicitly iterating over subsets.

Idea: The optimal D will consist of the mandatory digit plus the largest possible digits from O that can be placed without causing a net decrease. But we need to decide how many to take.

Consider that we will assign digits to positions in a way that maximizes the string. This is similar to the following: we have a string S, and we have a multiset of "upgrades" D. We want to replace some positions with these upgrades to get the lexicographically maximum string. The optimal algorithm for a given D (when we must use all digits) is known: we can process from left to right, maintaining a multiset of available digits. At each position, we consider whether we can improve it by using some digit from the set. But because we must use all digits, we might need to force some replacements even if not improving. However, there is a known greedy using a stack or priority queue for "maximum number after applying swaps" but not exactly.

Let's think about the assignment problem more formally. Given D (multiset of size L), we need to choose L positions to replace and assign digits to them. The optimal assignment can be found by the following algorithm (I recall a known result): To maximize the string, we should sort D in descending order. Then we iterate over positions from left to right, and we decide whether to replace the current position with the next largest digit if it is greater than the current digit, otherwise we keep the current digit and move on. However, this doesn't account for the fact that we must replace exactly L positions; we might end up with leftover digits. A more precise algorithm: We can think of it as we want to construct the final string R. We have the original S. We can "insert" digits from D into the string, but we must replace exactly L positions, meaning we remove L original digits and insert L new digits at those positions. The order of the new digits among themselves can be arranged arbitrarily. The optimal R is obtained by taking the original S and then, for each digit d in D (sorted descending), we try to place it at the leftmost position where it can increase the digit (i.e., where current digit < d). If such a position exists, we replace that position with d; otherwise, we place d at the rightmost position (to minimize damage). This is similar to the algorithm for "maximum number after applying k swaps" but with replacement instead of swaps.

But we need to be careful: when we place a digit at a position, it may affect later placements because the position's digit changes. However, since we process digits from largest to smallest, and we always place at the leftmost position where it can improve, this yields the optimal string. I think this is correct: we want the largest digits as left as possible. So for each digit in descending order, we find the leftmost position where the current digit (which may have been already replaced by a larger digit) is less than this digit, and replace it. If no such position, we place it at the rightmost position (or the rightmost position that hasn't been taken yet) to minimize impact. This algorithm is similar to constructing the maximum number by inserting digits into a string with overwrites.

But we also have the freedom to choose D. So we can decide which digits to include. The mandatory d0 must be included. For optional digits, we can decide to include them or not. Including a digit d adds it to D. When we run the placement algorithm, including d may cause it to be placed somewhere, possibly improving the string or causing a decrease. We need to decide whether including d leads to a better final string than not including it.

Since the placement algorithm is deterministic given D, we could in principle try all subsets, but that's impossible.

We need a more direct way to compute the optimal final string.

Maybe we can think in terms of the final string itself: we want to maximize it. We can consider that we are allowed to change up to N digits, but we have a limited pool of digits from T, and we must use the last digit. This resembles a problem where we have a string S and we can perform operations that replace a character with a digit from T in order, but we can overwrite. Could there be a simpler characterization of the maximum possible string?

Let's revisit the original process: we have M operations in order. At each step, we choose a position to set to T[k]. This is equivalent to: we have a sequence of assignments. The final string is determined by the last assignment to each position. This is similar to the concept of "last occurrence" in a sequence. If we think of the operations in reverse order, we can decide which positions get which digits from the end. Specifically, if we process operations from k=M down to 1, we can decide for each operation whether it will be the final assignment for some position (i.e., if that position hasn't been assigned yet in reverse). This is a typical greedy for such problems: process T from right to left, and maintain a set of positions that are still "free" (not yet assigned a final digit). For each k from M down to 1, we can choose to assign T[k] to some position that hasn't been assigned yet, and that assignment will be final for that position (since we are going backwards, any later operation (higher k) would have been processed earlier in reverse and would have already assigned that position). This is a common technique for problems where you have a sequence of updates and you want to maximize the final string: you process from the last operation to the first, and at each step, you can decide to set a position to the current digit if it improves the string, but you must ensure that the position hasn't been set already by a later operation (which would be more significant because later operations override earlier). Since later operations have higher indices, processing in reverse ensures that when we assign a position, it won't be overwritten by a later operation because we've already processed those and fixed those positions.

Let's explore this reverse greedy. We have N positions, initially all "unset" (meaning no final digit assigned yet). We will iterate k from M down to 1. At step k, we have the digit d = T[k]. We can choose any position i that is still unset, and set its final digit to d. This corresponds to deciding that operation k will be the last operation to affect position i (since any later operation would have index > k and would have been processed earlier in reverse and would have already set that position). So by processing in reverse, we are effectively deciding which positions get which digits from T, with the constraint that each position can be set at most once (by the highest index operation that targets it). And we must set exactly one position for each operation? Wait, in reverse, we are considering each operation exactly once. For each operation k, we must assign it to some position. But if we are processing in reverse, we have the choice to either assign operation k to a position that is still unset (making it the final digit for that position), or we could assign it to a position that is already set? But if we assign it to a position that is already set, that would mean that in the forward process, this operation would be overwritten by a later operation (since the later operation already set that position in reverse). However, in reverse, if we assign operation k to a position that is already set, then that position's final digit would be determined by the later operation (since later operation overwrites). So assigning operation k to an already-set position would not change the final string; it would be wasted. So in reverse, we have the option to "waste" operation k by assigning it to a position that is already set (i.e., not changing the final string), or we can use it to set a new position (if we want its digit to appear in the final string). But we must assign each operation to some position; we cannot skip an operation. In reverse, we can decide for each operation whether to use it to set a new position or waste it. However, we must also respect that we have exactly N positions; we can set at most N positions (since each position can be set at most once). So the number of operations we use to set new positions cannot exceed N. The rest must be wasted (assigned to already-set positions). This matches our earlier grouping view: the set of operations that become final correspond to those we assign to unset positions in reverse.

Thus, the reverse greedy gives a natural way to construct the final string: we have N slots (positions). We process T from right to left. For each digit d = T[k], we can decide to place it into an empty slot (position) if we want, and that slot will have final digit d. Once a slot is filled, it cannot be changed by earlier operations (since they are processed later in reverse, but in forward they are earlier and would be overwritten). So the final string is determined by which digits we place into slots during this reverse process.

Crucially, we can choose any empty slot for each digit we decide to place. Since we want to maximize the final string, we should place digits into slots in a way that the resulting string is lexicographically maximum. Since we are processing from right to left (i.e., from later operations to earlier), we have the advantage that later digits (which are processed first in reverse) are more "powerful" because they can be placed in any empty slot without fear of being overwritten. But earlier digits (processed later in reverse) can only be placed in slots that are still empty after later digits have been placed. So the order of placement in reverse is: we first decide where to put T[M] (the last digit), then T[M-1], etc. Since we want the final string to be as large as possible, we should place the digits we choose to use into the most significant positions possible, but we have to consider that we may not want to use some digits at all (i.e., waste them). In reverse, wasting an operation means we do not assign it to an empty slot; we just skip it (or assign it to an already filled slot, which doesn't affect final string). So we have the choice to use or not use each digit.

Thus, the problem reduces to: we have N empty slots (positions 1..N). We process digits from T in reverse order (k=M down to 1). For each digit d, we may choose to place it into any currently empty slot, or we may skip it (i.e., not place it, which corresponds to wasting the operation). After processing all digits, the slots that remain empty will be filled with the original S digits? Wait, careful: In the reverse process, we are only setting final digits for positions that receive at least one operation. Positions that never receive an operation (i.e., never get a digit placed in reverse) will retain their original S[i] in the final string. However, in the reverse process, we start with all positions "empty" meaning they haven't been assigned a final digit yet. But we also have the original S digits as default. If we never place a digit in a slot, the final digit will be the original S[i]. So we can think of each position i having an initial value S[i]. When we place a digit d into a slot, it overwrites the original value for that position. So the final value for a slot is the last digit placed into it (which in reverse is the first digit placed, because later in reverse corresponds to earlier in forward, but since we process reverse, the first digit we place for a slot will be from the highest index operation that targets it, which is the final digit). Actually, in reverse, when we place a digit d into an empty slot, that corresponds to the highest index operation that will target that position (since we are processing from high to low). So that digit will be the final digit for that position. No later (in reverse) placement will affect that slot because we will not place another digit into an already filled slot (we would waste those operations). So indeed, each slot gets at most one digit from the reverse process, and that digit is the final digit.

Thus, the reverse process is: we have N positions, each with an initial value S[i]. We have a sequence of digits T[M], T[M-1], ..., T[1] coming in that order. For each digit d, we may choose to assign it to any position that hasn't been assigned yet (i.e., still has its initial value), overwriting that position's value to d. Or we may choose to ignore d (i.e., not assign it to any new position). After processing all digits, the positions that were never assigned keep their initial S[i]. The goal is to maximize the resulting string (the values at positions after all assignments).

This is a much cleaner formulation! And it matches the original process exactly, because in reverse we are deciding the final assignments.

Now, this is a classic problem: we have an initial string S, and we have a sequence of digits (from T in reverse order) that we can optionally use to replace some characters, each at most once, and we want to maximize the final string. We can choose to use or not use each digit, and if we use it, we can choose which still-unreplaced position to replace.

Since we process digits in reverse order (from last to first), we have the advantage that later digits (higher index) are processed first, so we can place them in the most significant positions if beneficial. This is similar to having a set of "upgrades" that we can apply in any order, but the order is fixed: we must consider digits in reverse order, and we can decide to use or skip each.

Now, the question: what is the optimal strategy? We want to end up with the lexicographically maximum string. Since we can choose to skip digits, we would only use a digit if it improves the string in some way. However, using a digit might prevent us from using a later (in reverse) digit for that position, but since we process in reverse, later digits are actually earlier in forward, but they are less powerful because they could be overwritten by digits we place later in reverse? Wait, in reverse, we process from M down to 1. So the first digit we consider is T[M] (the last operation). If we decide to use it, we place it in some position. Then we consider T[M-1]. If we use it, we place it in some still-empty position. So the digits we use later (in reverse) are from earlier operations, which are less powerful because they could be overwritten by later operations in forward, but in reverse we are placing them after we have already placed later digits? Actually, in reverse, we are placing digits in order of decreasing index. So when we place T[M], it's the most powerful (cannot be overwritten). When we later place T[M-1], it's less powerful because in forward, T[M-1] occurs before T[M], so if we placed T[M] in some position, that position is already taken and won't be overwritten by T[M-1] because T[M-1] is earlier. But we are placing T[M-1] in a different position (since we can't place two digits in same slot). So the relative power doesn't matter across different positions. The only thing is that we have a limited number of positions (N). We can use at most N digits (since each position can be overwritten at most once). So we can use up to N digits from T (in reverse order). But we must also consider that we might not want to use a digit if it's not beneficial.

Thus, the problem becomes: we have initial string S. We have a list of digits in reverse order: R = [T[M], T[M-1], ..., T[1]]. We can traverse this list, and for each digit d, we may choose to replace one still-unreplaced position with d. We want to maximize the final string.

This is reminiscent of a greedy algorithm where we try to replace positions from left to right with the best possible digits, but we have to respect the order of availability: we can only use digits in the order they appear in R, and once we skip a digit, we cannot use it later (since we process sequentially). However, we can choose to skip a digit even if it could be used later? No, we process each digit once; if we skip it, it's gone. So we need to decide on the fly whether to use the current digit to replace some position.

This is similar to the problem of "maximum string after applying replacements" where we have a queue of digits and we can replace any position, but we want the lexicographically maximum result. There is a known greedy: we should try to replace the leftmost position where the current digit is greater than the current character, but we also need to consider that we might have future digits that are even larger, so we might want to save the position for a larger digit. However, since we process digits in reverse order (from largest index to smallest), the digits come in some order not necessarily sorted. But we can think of it as we have a multiset of digits that we can use in any order? No, the order is fixed: we must consider digits in the order of decreasing index. That means we first see T[M], then T[M-1], etc. So we have to decide immediately whether to use T[M] or not. If we use it, we place it somewhere. If we skip it, we lose it forever. So we need to decide optimally.

But maybe we can transform the problem further. Since we can choose any position to replace when we use a digit, and we want to maximize the final string, the optimal strategy is likely: we should only use a digit if it can improve some position that is currently worse than it, and we should place it in the leftmost such position where it yields the greatest lexicographic gain. However, we also need to consider that we might have future digits that are even larger, which could be placed in even more significant positions. So we might want to reserve the most significant positions for the largest digits. Since we process digits in reverse, the first digit we see is T[M]. It might not be the largest digit overall; there could be larger digits earlier in T (i.e., with smaller index) that we will see later in reverse. For example, T = [1,9,2] (M=3). Reverse order: 2,9,1. So we see 2 first, then 9, then 1. If we use the 2 early, we might place it in some position, but later we see 9 which is larger and could be placed in a more significant position. But we could also skip the 2 and wait for the 9. So we need to decide whether to use a digit now or skip it in hopes of using a better digit later for the same position. However, we have many positions; we could use the 2 in a less significant position and save the more significant positions for the 9. So it might be okay to use the 2 if we have a position where it improves over original and that position is not too significant. But we must be careful not to waste a digit that could be used to improve a more significant position later.

Thus, the decision depends on the availability of positions and the values of future digits.

This looks like we can model it as: we have N positions with initial values S[i]. We have a sequence of digits (in reverse order) that we can assign to positions, each at most once. We want to maximize the final string. This is essentially a matching problem where we match digits to positions, with the constraint that the matching must respect the order of digits? Actually, there is no constraint that a digit must be assigned to a position before another digit; we can assign any digit to any position as long as we process digits sequentially and decide to use or skip. But since we can choose any empty position when we use a digit, the order of assignment does not restrict which digit goes to which position, except that we cannot assign a digit to a position that has already been assigned (by a later-in-reverse digit, i.e., a digit with higher index). But that's fine because we can always assign a digit to any empty position. So the only restriction is that we cannot assign two digits to the same position. So effectively, we are selecting a subset of digits from T (in reverse order) to use, and then we can assign them arbitrarily to distinct positions. The order of processing doesn't impose any additional constraint because we can always choose the position at the moment we decide to use the digit, and we can pick any empty position. So the reverse process is equivalent to: we have a multiset of digits (the ones we choose to use), and we can assign them arbitrarily to positions. The only subtlety is that we must decide which digits to use as we go through the reverse order, but since we can always postpone using a digit (i.e., skip it) and later use a different digit, and we can assign any used digit to any position, the set of used digits can be any subset of T that includes T[M]? Wait, is T[M] mandatory? In the reverse process, we must assign each operation to some position. But we have the choice to waste an operation by assigning it to an already filled position. In reverse, that corresponds to skipping the digit (not placing it in a new position). However, we must still account for the operation; but if we skip it, we are effectively wasting it, which is allowed. So we are not forced to use T[M] as a final digit? Let's check: In the reverse process, we start with all positions empty. For operation M (the first in reverse), we can choose to place T[M] into an empty position (making it final), or we can waste it by assigning it to an already filled position? But at the start, there are no filled positions, so we cannot waste it by assigning to an already filled position because there are none. However, we could waste it by assigning it to a position and then later overwrite it with another digit? But in reverse, once we place a digit in a position, that position is considered filled and will not be overwritten by earlier operations (since they are processed later in reverse). So if we place T[M] in a position, it stays. If we want to waste T[M], we would need to assign it to a position that will later be overwritten by a digit from an earlier operation (i.e., with smaller index). But in reverse, we process from high to low; if we place T[M] in a position, then later when we process T[M-1], we could also place T[M-1] in the same position? That would overwrite T[M] in forward? Let's think: In reverse, if we place T[M] in position i, that means operation M is the last operation affecting i. If later (in reverse) we place T[M-1] also in position i, that would mean operation M-1 also affects i, but since operation M occurs later, it would overwrite M-1, so the final digit should be T[M]. But in reverse, if we place T[M-1] after having placed T[M] in the same position, that would correspond to assigning both operations to the same position, with M being later, so final digit is T[M]. However, in our reverse process, we said we only assign a digit to an empty slot; if we assign to a slot that is already filled, that would mean we are using the operation to overwrite an already set final digit, which would change the final digit? Let's simulate: Suppose we have position i. In reverse, we first process M: we could decide to set i to T[M]. Then later we process M-1: we could also decide to set i to T[M-1]. But if we do that, then in forward, operation M-1 occurs before M, so the sequence would be: at step M-1, set i to T[M-1]; at step M, set i to T[M]. So final digit is T[M]. So if we set i to T[M-1] after having set it to T[M] in reverse, that would be inconsistent because in reverse we are supposed to be setting the final digit; but setting i again would imply that the final digit should be T[M-1]? Actually, the reverse process should reflect that the last operation (highest index) determines the final digit. So when we process in reverse, once we set a position with a digit from operation k, that digit is the final digit for that position, because any operation with index < k (processed later in reverse) would be overwritten by operation k in forward, so they cannot change the final digit. Therefore, in reverse, we should not allow placing a digit into a position that already has a digit assigned, because that would correspond to an earlier operation trying to set a position that already has a later operation assigned, which would be overwritten and thus not affect the final string. But if we place a digit into an already filled position, we are essentially wasting that operation (since it won't affect final string). However, in the reverse process, we can model wasting by simply not placing the digit into any new position; we don't need to assign it to a filled position because that wouldn't change the final string. So we can just skip it. So the reverse process can be: we have a set of empty positions. For each digit in reverse order, we may choose to place it into an empty position (making it final for that position), or we may skip it (do nothing). This yields a final string where the positions we placed digits get those digits, and the rest keep original S.

But is it allowed to skip T[M]? That would mean we do not place T[M] into any empty position. Then T[M] would be wasted. But is that allowed? In the original process, operation M must be assigned to some position. If we skip placing T[M] in reverse, that means we are not using it as a final digit for any position. But we still have to assign operation M to some position in the forward process. If we don't place it as a final digit, then it must be assigned to a position that will later be overwritten by some operation with index > M? There is none. So operation M would be the last operation assigned to whatever position we choose, so it will be the final digit for that position. Therefore, we cannot waste operation M; it must be the final digit for the position it's assigned to. In reverse terms, when we process T[M] first, we must place it into some empty position; we cannot skip it, because there is no later operation to overwrite it. So T[M] is mandatory to be used as a final digit. This matches our earlier conclusion: the last operation must be a final assignment.

Thus, in the reverse process, we must place T[M] into some empty position (we cannot skip it). For k < M, we may choose to place T[k] into an empty position or skip it (i.e., waste it). So the mandatory digit is T[M].

Therefore, the reverse process is: we have N positions with initial values S[i]. We process digits in order: d_M = T[M], then d_{M-1}, ..., d_1. For the first digit (d_M), we must place it into some position (choose any). For each subsequent digit d_k, we may choose to place it into any currently empty position, or skip it. After processing all digits, positions that never received a digit keep their original S[i].

We want to maximize the final string.

Now, this is a more tractable problem: we have a sequence of digits (with the first one forced to be used), and we can decide to use or skip the rest, and when we use a digit, we can choose which empty position to put it in.

We need to find the optimal strategy.

This is reminiscent of a greedy where we try to fill positions from left to right with the best possible digits, but we have to respect the order of availability. Since we can choose any empty position when we use a digit, we can always place a digit in the most beneficial spot at that moment. However, we might want to reserve a very significant position for a potentially larger digit that will appear later in the sequence (i.e., with smaller index). Since we process from M down to 1, the digits we see later are from earlier operations, which could be larger or smaller. So we need to decide whether to use the current digit now or skip it in hopes of using a better digit later for the same position.

But note: we have many positions. If we have a digit that is not very large, we could place it in a less significant position, and save the more significant positions for larger digits that may come later. So we might still use a digit even if it's not the largest, as long as we have a position where it improves over original and that position is not too important. The decision to skip a digit should be made only if using it would force us to place it in a position that would be better served by a future larger digit, and we don't have enough less significant positions to accommodate it without harming the string.

We need to determine the optimal set of digits to use and their placement.

Since N and M up to 1e6, we need an O(N log N + M) or similar.

Let's think about the structure: The final string is determined by which positions get overwritten and with which digits. Since we can place digits in any empty position when we decide to use them, we can think of the process as we have a pool of positions (with their original digits) that are still available to be overwritten. When we get a digit d, we can choose to overwrite one of these positions with d, or skip. The goal is to maximize the final string.

This is similar to the following: we have a string S. We have a sequence of digits (with first mandatory). We can replace some characters with these digits, each at most once, in the order of the sequence (but we can choose which position to replace at each step). We want the final string lexicographically maximum.

I suspect the optimal strategy is to process the digits in the given order (reverse T), and maintain a data structure of positions that are "candidates" for replacement, perhaps using a priority queue based on the potential improvement.

But maybe we can solve by considering that the optimal final string can be obtained by taking the original S and then, for each digit in T from last to first, if there exists a position i such that S[i] < d and replacing it with d would increase the string, and we haven't replaced that position yet, we should replace the leftmost such position? But we need to be careful about future digits.

Let's attempt to design a greedy algorithm:

We maintain the current string (initially S). We also maintain a set of positions that have not been overwritten yet (all initially). We process digits in reverse order (starting from T[M]). For each digit d:

- If there exists any position i (not yet overwritten) such that d > S[i] (original? but note that S[i] might have been overwritten already by a later digit (since we process reverse, later digits are placed first). Actually, when we process in reverse, we are placing digits that will be final. So once we place a digit in a position, that position's final value is set to that digit, and we will not change it later. So we can think of the current state as having some positions already assigned final digits (from later operations), and the rest still have original S values (which are not yet final). When we consider a new digit d, we can choose to assign it to any still-unassigned position, overwriting the original S[i] with d. The final value for that position will be d. So the decision is: should we assign d to some unassigned position i? If we do, the final string will have d at position i instead of S[i]. If we skip, that position remains S[i] (unless assigned later by an earlier digit? but earlier digits are processed later in reverse, so they could still assign to that position if we skip now. However, if we skip d, we leave that position unassigned, and it may be assigned by a future digit (with smaller index) or remain original. So we have the option to postpone.

Thus, at each step, we have a set of unassigned positions with their original S[i] values. We have a digit d. We can choose to assign d to one of these positions, or not. If we assign, we permanently set that position to d. If we don't, we keep the possibility to assign a future digit to that position.

We want to maximize the final string. This is similar to an online decision problem. However, since we know the entire sequence of digits in advance (we have T), we can plan offline. So we can compute the optimal set of assignments.

One way: Since we can assign digits to any positions, the order of processing doesn't matter for the final outcome as long as we decide which digits to use and which positions they go to. The constraint that we must process in reverse order and must use T[M] doesn't affect the set of possible final strings, because any selection of digits that includes T[M] can be realized by processing in reverse and placing them in the chosen positions in some order (specifically, place the chosen digits in reverse order of their indices, i.e., from largest index to smallest, into the chosen positions). Since we can choose any empty position at each step, we can always realize any injection from the set of chosen indices (including M) to distinct positions. The order of placement doesn't restrict which digit goes to which position, because we can always pick the appropriate position when we get to that digit. For example, suppose we want to assign T[5]=9 to position 1 and T[3]=8 to position 2. Process reverse: first T[5] (9) -> we place it in position 1. Then T[4] maybe skip, then T[3] (8) -> we place it in position 2. That's fine. So any assignment of a subset of indices (including M) to distinct positions is feasible as long as we process in reverse and place each chosen digit when we encounter it. There's no conflict because we can always choose the target position at that time, as long as it's still empty. So the reverse process does not impose additional constraints beyond: we must use T[M], and we can use any subset of the other indices, and we can assign them arbitrarily to distinct positions.

Thus, the problem reduces exactly to: choose a subset K of indices with M ∈ K, |K| ≤ N, and assign each k∈K to a distinct position i, with final digit T[k]. Maximize the resulting string.

This is the same as before. So we haven't simplified further.

Now, we need to solve this optimization.

Let's denote the original string S as an array of digits. We have a multiset of available digits from T, with one mandatory (the last). We can choose any subset of the others. We need to assign chosen digits to distinct positions to maximize the string.

This is essentially a bipartite matching problem with lexicographic objective. Since N and M are large, we need a greedy method.

Observation: The optimal final string will be such that for each position from left to right, the digit is as large as possible given the constraints. This suggests we can construct the final string digit by digit, deciding whether to keep original or replace with some digit from the pool, ensuring that we can still place the remaining digits (including mandatory) in the remaining positions without making the string worse than necessary.

This is similar to the problem of "maximum number after removing k digits and inserting some digits" but not exactly.

Maybe we can think in terms of comparing the original string with the multiset of digits we have. The best we can do is to try to make the string as large as possible by replacing some digits with larger ones from the pool, while avoiding replacing digits with smaller ones unless forced.

Since we must use the mandatory digit d0, we will have to replace some position with d0. If d0 is less than the original digit at all positions, we will have to accept a decrease somewhere. To minimize the impact, we should place d0 at the rightmost possible position (least significant). Similarly, for other digits we choose to use, we would place them at positions where they are greater than original, preferably as left as possible.

Thus, the optimal strategy likely is: we will select a set of positions to replace. Among those, we will assign the largest chosen digits to the leftmost positions, and the smallest chosen digits (including possibly d0 if it's small) to the rightmost positions. The original digits at positions not replaced remain.

So the problem becomes: choose a set of positions P (size L) and a multiset D of digits (size L, with d0 ∈ D) to assign to P, such that when we sort P in increasing order (left to right) and sort D in descending order, and assign the largest digit to the leftmost position, etc., the resulting string is maximized. But is this assignment optimal? Given a set P and D, the optimal assignment to maximize the string is indeed to sort P in increasing order and D in descending order, and match them. Because we want larger digits in more significant positions. So for any chosen P and D, the best is to assign the largest digit to the leftmost position in P, second largest to second leftmost, etc. So the final string will be: for each position i, if i ∈ P, its digit is the digit assigned according to that matching; otherwise S[i].

Thus, the problem reduces to: choose a subset P of positions (size L) and a subset D of digits from T (size L, including d0) such that when we sort P ascending and D descending, and combine, the resulting string is maximized.

We can think of constructing the final string by deciding, for each position from left to right, whether to replace it with some digit from the pool, and if so, which digit. This is similar to merging two sequences: the original S and the multiset D (sorted descending), but we can only use each digit once, and we must use d0.

A known technique for such problems is to use a priority queue or stack to simulate the process of replacing characters with better ones from a given multiset, when we can choose the order of replacements arbitrarily. For example, given a string and a multiset of digits, the maximum string obtainable by replacing some characters (each at most once) with digits from the multiset (using each at most once) is obtained by scanning from left to right, and whenever we encounter a digit that is less than some available digit, we replace it with the largest available digit that is greater than it, and then remove that digit from the pool. However, this may not be optimal if we have to use all digits (including small ones) because we might be forced to replace a later character with a small digit, causing a decrease. But since we can choose which digits to use, we can discard small digits. So we would only use digits that are beneficial.

But we must use d0. So we have to include at least one digit that might be small. So we need to decide which other digits to include to possibly offset the damage of d0.

Let's denote the mandatory digit as d0. If d0 is already ≥ some original digits, we can place it at a position where it is not harmful (i.e., where S[i] ≤ d0). Ideally, we place it at the leftmost position where S[i] < d0 (to improve) or if none, at a position where S[i] = d0 (neutral) or if none, at the rightmost position (to minimize harm). So the placement of d0 will be determined after we decide which other positions are replaced.

When we include additional digits, they will take some positions, possibly displacing d0 to a worse position. So we need to evaluate the net effect.

One approach: Since N and M are up to 1e6, we could simulate a greedy algorithm that processes the digits in T from last to first, maintaining a data structure of positions that are "available" for replacement, and deciding whether to use the current digit or not based on whether it can improve the string more than any future digit could.

I recall a known solution for a similar problem (maybe from AtCoder) called "String Modification" or something. Let's search memory: There is an AtCoder problem "ABC 257 F" or something? Not sure.

Let's think differently. Perhaps we can compute the maximum possible string by considering that we can reorder the chosen digits arbitrarily (since we can assign them to any positions). So the only limitation is which digits we can choose (must include last) and how many we can choose (up to N). So essentially, we have a multiset of available digits (all T), and we must select a subset that includes the last element, of size at most N, and then we can arrange them in the string in the best possible way (by placing them in the most significant positions where they improve over original). So the problem reduces to: we have original string S. We have a multiset A = T[1..M] (with one distinguished element a_M that must be selected). We can select any subset B ⊆ A with a_M ∈ B and |B| ≤ N. Then we can replace some positions with the digits in B (each used once) to maximize the string. Since we can arrange B arbitrarily, the optimal way to use B is: sort B in descending order. Then, for each position from left to right, if the next largest digit in B is greater than the current digit in S (considering that some positions may already be taken by previously placed digits?), we replace that position with that digit; otherwise, we keep the original digit and move to the next position, but we still have that digit to place later. However, we must place all digits in B exactly once. So we need to decide which positions to replace with which digits to maximize the string. The optimal strategy for a given B is to try to place the largest digits in the leftmost positions where they can increase the digit. This can be done by scanning S from left to right, and for each position, if there is a digit in B that is greater than S[i], we replace it with the largest such digit (and remove that digit from B). If no digit in B is greater than S[i], we keep S[i] and move on, but we still have to place the remaining digits somewhere. After scanning all positions, any remaining digits in B must be placed in the remaining positions (those we didn't replace) by replacing them, which may cause decreases. To minimize the impact, we should place the remaining digits (which are all ≤ the original digits at those positions, because otherwise they would have been used earlier) into the rightmost positions possible, and assign the larger among them to the more left of those positions (since they are still ≤ original, placing a larger digit is less harmful). So the algorithm for a given B is:

1. Sort B in descending order.
2. Initialize an empty list for final string (or modify S copy).
3. Iterate i from 1 to N:
   - If B is not empty and the largest remaining digit (first in sorted list) > S[i], then set R[i] = that digit, remove it from B.
   - Else, set R[i] = S[i] (tentatively), but we might later replace it if we have leftover digits? Actually, we cannot replace later because we are processing left to right; once we pass a position, we cannot go back. So we need to decide at each position whether to replace it now or leave it for later. If we don't replace now, we might still replace it later? No, because we are constructing the final string; we can decide to replace a position at any time, but the assignment is final. So we need to decide which positions to replace. The optimal is to replace positions where we can improve, and for positions where we cannot improve, we may still need to replace them if we have leftover digits after all improvements are done. So a better approach: first, we try to use digits to improve positions where they are beneficial. After that, we have some digits left that are not beneficial anywhere (i.e., ≤ all remaining original digits). Then we must place them in some positions, causing decreases. To minimize the lexicographic impact, we should place them in the rightmost positions, and among those, assign larger digits to more left of those rightmost positions.

Thus, for a given B, the optimal final string can be computed as follows:

- Let L = |B|.
- We will select a set of positions P of size L to replace. The optimal P is: first, choose positions where we can improve (i.e., where S[i] < some digit in B). Among those, we want to replace the leftmost positions where the improvement is greatest? Actually, we want to maximize the string, so we should replace positions in order from left to right with the largest possible digits that are > S[i]. This is like a greedy matching: sort B descending, then for each digit in B, try to assign it to the leftmost position where S[i] < digit and that position hasn't been assigned yet. This is similar to the classic problem of assigning tasks to workers. This can be done by scanning positions and using a multiset.

But we can also think: we want to maximize the string, so we want the leftmost digit as large as possible. So we should try to put the largest digit in B into the leftmost position where it would increase the digit. If the largest digit is not greater than S[1], then we cannot improve position 1, so we keep S[1] and consider position 2 with the same largest digit? But maybe a smaller digit could be > S[1]? No, if largest digit ≤ S[1], then no digit > S[1], so position 1 stays S[1]. Then we move to position 2 with the same set B. So essentially, we can simulate: for i from 1 to N, if there exists any digit in B > S[i], we replace S[i] with the maximum such digit (and remove it). Otherwise, we keep S[i]. After processing all positions, if B still has digits, we must place them in the remaining positions (those we kept). To minimize damage, we should place them in the rightmost positions, and assign the larger digits to the more left among those rightmost positions. However, note that after we kept some positions, those positions have original S[i] which might be larger than the remaining digits. Placing a digit there will decrease it. To minimize the lexicographic impact, we should choose the rightmost positions to replace, because a decrease at a later position is less harmful. Also, among the rightmost positions, we should assign the largest remaining digit to the leftmost of those chosen positions (since that position is more significant among the chosen ones). So the final step: let the set of kept positions be K (those we didn't replace during the improvement phase). We need to select L' = |B| - (number of improvements) positions from K to replace with the remaining digits. To maximize the string, we should select the rightmost |remaining| positions from K, and then assign the remaining digits in descending order to these selected positions from left to right (i.e., the leftmost of these selected positions gets the largest remaining digit). This yields the optimal final string for given B.

Now, we need to choose B optimally. Since we can choose any subset of T that includes T[M], we need to find the B that yields the best final string according to this process.

This is still complex, but maybe we can derive that the optimal B consists of the largest possible digits from T, subject to including T[M] and not exceeding N, because larger digits are always beneficial? But as we saw with the example S="92", T[M]=1, optional 8, including 8 made it worse. So including a large digit can be detrimental if it forces the mandatory low digit into a worse position. However, if we include the large digit, we might be able to place it in a position where it improves, and place the mandatory low digit in a position where it doesn't harm much. In the example, S="92", mandatory 1, optional 8. If we include 8, we have B={8,1}. According to the optimal assignment for B, we would first try to improve: largest digit 8 > S[1]? 8 > 9? No. 8 > S[2]? 8 > 2? Yes. So we would replace position 2 with 8 (improvement). Then remaining digit is 1. After processing all positions, we have position 1 kept as 9, position 2 replaced with 8. But we still have digit 1 left? Wait, we used 8 for position 2, so B now has {1}. But we have already processed all positions? We processed i=1: no digit >9, keep 9. i=2: digit 8 >2, replace with 8, remove 8. After loop, B has {1} left. We need to place it in some kept position. The kept positions are: position 1 (kept as 9) and maybe others? Only two positions. We have to place 1 in one of them. To minimize damage, we should place it in the rightmost position, which is position 2, but position 2 is already replaced with 8. Actually, we cannot place two digits in same position. So we must place 1 in a position that we kept (i.e., not already replaced). The only kept position is position 1 (since position 2 was replaced). So we have to replace position 1 with 1, resulting in "18". That's worse than baseline "91". So indeed including 8 leads to a worse outcome. So the optimal B is just {1} (mandatory only), giving "91". So including a large digit that can improve a less significant position may force the mandatory low digit into a more significant position, causing net harm.

Thus, the decision to include an optional digit depends on whether the improvement it brings outweighs the potential worsening from having to place the mandatory digit (or other included digits) in a worse spot.

We need a systematic way to compute the optimal B.

Maybe we can think in terms of the final string directly: we want to maximize it. Let's denote the final string as R. We know that R must satisfy that there exists a subset B of T containing T[M] with |B| ≤ N, and R can be obtained from S by replacing |B| positions with the digits in B (each used once). Equivalently, the multiset of digits in R that differ from S must be a subset of T containing T[M], and the number of differences is at most N (obviously) and exactly |B|, but we can also have positions where R[i] = S[i] but we still replaced? No, if we replace, R[i] is the new digit. So the set of positions where R[i] ≠ S[i] corresponds to the positions we replaced. Let D be the multiset of new digits at those positions. Then D ⊆ T, must contain T[M], and |D| = number of differences ≤ N. Also, note that we could have R[i] = S[i] even if we replaced with same digit? That would be a waste but could be used to consume a digit without changing the string. However, that would still count as a replacement, but it doesn't affect the string. In terms of maximizing, we would never replace with a digit equal to original unless we need to consume a digit (like mandatory) and placing it elsewhere would cause a decrease. But we could place mandatory digit at a position where S[i] = d0, causing no change. So it's possible that R[i] = S[i] even though we replaced, but that doesn't affect the string. So in terms of the final string, we only care about the values; we can assume we never replace with a digit equal to original unless it's forced and we have no better spot.

Thus, the condition is: there exists a set of positions P and a multiset D (with d0 ∈ D) such that for i ∈ P, R[i] ∈ D (each used once), and for i ∉ P, R[i] = S[i]. Also, the digits in D are a subset of T (with multiplicities) containing T[M].

We want to maximize R lexicographically.

This is like we can "upgrade" some positions using digits from T, but we must use T[M] at least once.

Maybe we can solve by considering that the optimal R will be the lexicographically maximum string that can be obtained by taking S and then, for each digit in T from last to first, we have the option to "apply" it to some position, but we must apply T[M]. This is reminiscent of a greedy where we maintain a multiset of "available upgrades" and we try to improve the string from left to right, but we must ensure that we can still place the mandatory digit somewhere.

Let's attempt to design an algorithm based on the reverse process with a priority queue of positions that are "candidates" for replacement with the current digit, but we also need to consider future digits.

I recall a known AtCoder problem: "ABC 257 F" is about constructing a maximum number after operations, but not this. Another: "ARC 140 D" maybe? Not sure.

Let's search memory: There is a problem called "Maximum Value After Operations" or something. But I think this is from AtCoder Beginner Contest 311? Actually, I recall a problem "ABC 311 F" maybe? Not sure.

Given the constraints up to 1e6, the solution likely involves a simple greedy with a stack or deque.

Let's think about the reverse process more concretely. We have N positions, each with initial value S[i]. We process digits d = T[M], T[M-1], ..., T[1]. For the first digit (d_M), we must place it somewhere. Where should we place it? To maximize the final string, we should place it in the position that yields the best possible final string, considering that we will later have the opportunity to place other digits. This is like we have to decide the placement of each digit as it comes, but we can also skip later digits.

Since we can skip later digits, we might want to place d_M in a position where it does the most good, but we might also want to reserve better positions for even larger digits that may appear later (i.e., earlier in T). But note: later in reverse means earlier in T, which could be larger or smaller. So we don't know.

But we can precompute the maximum digit that will appear in the future (i.e., among T[1..k-1] for current k). If the current digit is not the maximum among remaining, we might want to skip it if placing it would occupy a position that could be better used by a future larger digit. However, we could place it in a less significant position, leaving the more significant positions for future larger digits. So we might still use it if there is a position where it improves over original and that position is not too significant.

So the decision depends on the availability of positions that are "low" enough that using the current digit there doesn't block future improvements.

One way: We can maintain a data structure of positions that are "available" for replacement, sorted by their index. When we get a digit d, we can decide to replace the leftmost available position where S[i] < d (i.e., where we can improve), because that would give the most significant improvement. But if we do that, we might use up a position that could have been improved by an even larger digit later. However, if we replace a position with d, and later a larger digit e comes, we could have replaced that same position with e instead, which would be better. So it might be better to skip d if there is a chance that a larger digit will come later and we could use it on that same position. But we could also use d on a different position where S[i] is even lower, and save the better position for e. So we need to decide whether to use d now on some position, and if so, which position.

This is similar to the problem of scheduling jobs with deadlines, but here we want to maximize lexicographic string.

I think we can solve this by considering that the optimal final string can be obtained by the following: we will eventually replace some positions with digits from T. The set of positions replaced will be those where the final digit is greater than original, plus possibly some where it's less (due to mandatory). The best scenario is to replace as many positions as possible where we can increase the digit, using the largest available digits, and then place the mandatory low digit in the rightmost position possible, even if it decreases.

But the example shows that replacing a position with a large digit (8) that increases a less significant position can force the mandatory low digit into a more significant position, causing net harm. So maybe the optimal is to not replace any position where the improvement is not sufficient to offset the forced placement of the mandatory digit. In that example, replacing position 2 (from 2 to 8) gave an improvement of +6 at position 2, but forced position 1 from 9 to 1, a decrease of -8 at a more significant position. The net lexicographic effect is negative because the first digit dropped from 9 to 1. So the improvement at position 2 cannot compensate for the drop at position 1. So the decision should be based on the most significant position affected.

Thus, a key insight: When we include additional digits, we are effectively committing to replace some set of positions. The mandatory digit will occupy one of the replaced positions. If we include extra digits, we increase the number of replaced positions. The mandatory digit will be placed in one of them; we can choose which one, but the other digits will occupy the others. To maximize the string, we would assign the largest digits to the leftmost replaced positions, and the smallest (likely the mandatory) to the rightmost replaced position. So the effect of including an extra digit d is that it will take a spot among the replaced positions, and the mandatory digit will be pushed to a possibly more rightward spot, but also the set of replaced positions expands. The net effect on the string can be analyzed by considering the sorted order of replaced positions.

Let's formalize: Suppose we select a set of positions P (size L) to replace. We will assign digits to them. Let the digits we use be D (size L, includes d0). After sorting P in increasing order (p1 < p2 < ... < pL) and sorting D in descending order (d1 ≥ d2 ≥ ... ≥ dL), we assign d_j to p_j. The resulting string R has R[p_j] = d_j, and for other positions, R[i] = S[i].

We want to maximize R lexicographically.

Now, note that the choice of P and D are coupled because D must be a subset of T containing d0, and |D| = |P| ≤ N. Also, we can choose any P.

We can think of constructing R by considering each position i from 1 to N, and deciding whether to keep S[i] or replace it with some digit from D. The optimal assignment for given D is as described.

Thus, the problem becomes: choose D (subset of T containing d0, size L ≤ N) and then choose P (size L) to maximize R. But given D, the optimal P is determined: we should choose the L positions that will yield the best R when we assign the sorted D to them. How to choose P optimally for given D? We want to maximize the resulting string. Since we can assign the largest digits to the most significant positions, we would like to replace positions where S[i] is small, so that the new digit is much larger, and avoid replacing positions where S[i] is large, because that could cause a decrease if the assigned digit is smaller. However, if we have to replace L positions, we must choose L positions. The optimal choice is to select the L positions that minimize the "damage" or maximize the improvement, considering the assignment of sorted D.

This is similar to: we have a string S, and we have a sorted list of new digits D_desc. We need to select L positions to replace, and assign the digits in order. The resulting string will be: for each i, if i is among the selected positions in increasing order, we place the next digit from D_desc; otherwise S[i]. To maximize lexicographically, we want the leftmost positions to be as large as possible. So we should select positions such that when we assign the largest digits to the leftmost selected positions, we get the best possible leftmost digits.

This can be seen as: we want to construct R by merging S and D_desc, but we can only replace, not insert. The optimal way is to scan from left to right, and at each position, decide whether to take the next digit from D_desc (if it would improve over S[i]) or keep S[i]. However, we must use all digits from D_desc eventually. So it's like we have to "consume" all digits in D_desc, and we can choose at which positions to consume them. This is exactly the earlier algorithm for given D.

So for a given D, the optimal R can be computed by the algorithm: sort D descending. Then iterate i=1..N, maintaining an index j for D (starting at 0). At each i, if j < L and D[j] > S[i], then set R[i] = D[j], j++. Else, set R[i] = S[i]. After the loop, if j < L, we have leftover digits; we need to place them in the rightmost positions that were not replaced. To do that, we can go from right to left, and for each position i from N down to 1, if R[i] == S[i] (i.e., not replaced) and j < L, set R[i] = D[j] (but we should assign the largest remaining to the leftmost of these rightmost positions? Actually, if we go from right to left and assign the smallest remaining digits? Let's think: after the forward pass, we have used some digits for improvements. The remaining digits are all ≤ the S[i] at the positions we kept (otherwise they would have been used). To minimize damage, we should replace the rightmost kept positions, and among those, assign the larger remaining digits to the more left of those rightmost positions. So we can collect the kept positions (where R[i] == S[i]) in a list from left to right. Then we need to replace the last (rightmost) K of them, where K = number of remaining digits. And we should assign the remaining digits (which are sorted descending) to these selected positions in order from left to right (i.e., the leftmost of these selected positions gets the largest remaining digit). This yields the optimal R for given D.

Now, we need to choose D optimally. Since D must include d0, and can include any other digits from T[1..M-1]. The size L can be up to N.

Observation: The forward improvement step only uses digits that are > S[i] at the time. If we include a digit that is not > any S[i] (i.e., ≤ all S[i]), it will never be used in the improvement step; it will end up as a leftover digit that must be placed in some kept position, causing a decrease (unless there is a position where S[i] equals that digit, then it's neutral). So including such a digit is generally harmful unless it is d0 (mandatory) and we can place it neutrally. So we should avoid including digits that are ≤ all S[i] and not equal to any S[i]? Actually, if it's equal to some S[i], we could place it there neutrally, which might be better than placing d0 there if d0 is lower? But we have to place d0 somewhere anyway. Including an extra digit that is equal to some S[i] could be used to replace that position neutrally, freeing another position for d0 that might be worse? But d0 is mandatory; we have to place it somewhere. If we include an extra digit that is equal to some S[i], we could place that extra digit at that position (neutral), and then place d0 at a different position. Without the extra digit, we would have to place d0 at some position; we could choose the best position for d0. Adding an extra digit forces us to replace an additional position. If that extra digit is neutral (equal to original), it doesn't change the string at that position, but it uses up a position that could have been left as original. However, we might be able to place d0 at a position where it is also neutral or improving. Adding a neutral digit might allow us to place d0 at a position where it is neutral as well, but we could have placed d0 at a neutral position without the extra digit. So adding a neutral digit doesn't help; it just forces an extra replacement that could have been avoided. Unless the neutral digit allows us to avoid placing d0 at a harmful position? Let's think: Suppose we have two positions: position 1: S=5, position 2: S=5. d0=4 (harmful). Without extra digit, we must place d0 somewhere. Best is to place it at position 2 (rightmost), resulting in "54". If we add an extra digit 5 (neutral), we have D={5,4}. We can place 5 at position 1 (neutral) and 4 at position 2, resulting "54" same as before. Or place 5 at position 2 and 4 at position 1 -> "45" worse. So no improvement. If we add an extra digit 6 (improving), we could place 6 at position 1 (improve to 6) and 4 at position 2 -> "64", which is better than "54". So adding an improving digit can help. So neutral digits are not beneficial.

Thus, we should only consider including digits that are > S[i] for some i, i.e., digits that can potentially improve some position. However, as seen with the 8 in "92", even though 8 > 2, including it caused harm because it forced d0 into a worse spot. So not all improving digits are beneficial; it depends on the trade-off.

We need a way to decide which digits to include.

Let's attempt to derive the optimal D by considering that the final string R must satisfy that the multiset of digits that are "new" (i.e., R[i] ≠ S[i]) is a subset of T containing d0. But maybe we can characterize the maximum R directly without explicitly choosing D.

Consider the reverse process again, but now we can think of it as we have a sequence of digits (reverse T) and we must place the first one (d_M) somewhere. For subsequent digits, we can choose to place them or not. This is like we have a knapsack of positions, and we want to fill them with digits to maximize the string.

Maybe we can use a priority queue to keep track of the best possible improvements we can make with future digits, and decide to skip current digit if it's not as good as future ones for the most significant positions.

I recall a known solution for a problem called "Maximum Number After Operations" where you have a string and a sequence of digits, and you can replace any character with the current digit, and you want the maximum final string. The solution is to process from the end, maintaining a multiset of digits, and for each position from right to left, if the current digit is larger than the smallest in the multiset, replace, etc. But that's for a different problem.

Let's search memory: There is an AtCoder problem "ABC 257 E" maybe? Not.

Another angle: Since we can choose any subset of indices, the set D can be any subset of T that includes the last element. So essentially, we have a bag of digits, and we must pick a subset that includes a specific element. The optimal subset is likely to be the largest possible digits, but we must also consider that picking too many digits may force us to replace positions that are already high, causing decreases. However, if we pick the largest digits, they will be placed in the most significant positions where they improve, and the mandatory low digit will be placed in the least significant position among the replaced set. So the net effect might be positive if the improvements outweigh the one decrease. But in the "92" example, the largest digit is 8, but including it caused a decrease at position 1 because the mandatory 1 had to go somewhere, and the only position left after placing 8 was position 1. If we had more positions, say S="929", N=3, mandatory 1, optional 8. Then with D={8,1}, we could place 8 at position 2 (improve 2->8), and 1 at position 3 (rightmost), resulting "981", which is better than baseline "921"? Baseline with only mandatory: place 1 at position 3 -> "921". "981" > "921". So including 8 is beneficial here because we have a spare rightmost position to absorb the low digit. So the harm depends on the availability of "sacrificial" positions where placing a low digit doesn't affect a high digit.

Thus, the key is: we have N positions. We must place the mandatory digit d0 somewhere. If we include additional digits, we will have to replace additional positions. The best we can do is to assign the largest included digits to the leftmost positions where they improve over original, and assign d0 to the rightmost position among the replaced set (to minimize its impact). The remaining original digits at other positions stay.

So the net effect of including a set D is: we will replace a set P of positions. The leftmost replaced positions will get the largest digits from D, and the rightmost replaced position will get the smallest digit from D (which is likely d0 if it's the smallest). The positions not replaced keep original.

Therefore, to decide whether to include a digit d, we need to see if adding it to D (and thus increasing |P| by 1) improves the string, given that we will reassign digits optimally.

This suggests we can think of building D incrementally by considering digits in descending order (largest to smallest), and deciding whether to include them, while keeping track of the current set of replaced positions and the assignment.

But we must include d0 regardless of its size. So we start with D0 = {d0}. Then we consider other digits in descending order (largest first). For each candidate digit x (from T[1..M-1] sorted descending), we decide whether to add it to D. Adding x will increase the size of D by 1, and we will need to replace one more position. The optimal assignment with the new D will be recomputed. We need to see if the resulting string improves.

Since N and M are large, we need an efficient way to simulate this incremental addition.

Maybe we can compute the optimal final string directly by a greedy algorithm that processes positions from left to right and uses a multiset of available digits (from T, but we can choose which to use). However, we must ensure that d0 is used. This is reminiscent of the following: we want to maximize the string, so we would like to replace positions with digits from T that are larger than the original, but we have to use d0 at least once. So we can think of it as: we have a pool of digits (all T). We must select one occurrence of d0 to be used (the last one is mandatory, but there could be other occurrences of the same digit; but we must use the specific occurrence at index M? Actually, the digit value is the same regardless of index; but the problem distinguishes operations by index, but the digit value is what matters for the final string. However, if there are multiple occurrences of the same digit, using any one yields the same digit. But the mandatory one is the last operation; we must use that digit value (which is T[M]). So the value d0 is fixed. If there are other indices with the same digit, we could also include them optionally, but they would add another copy of that digit. That could be neutral or improving depending on positions.

So the mandatory digit value is d0 = T[M]. We may also have other copies of d0 in T[1..M-1]. Including an extra copy of d0 would add a digit equal to d0. That could be used to replace a position where S[i] = d0 (neutral) or S[i] < d0 (improvement) or S[i] > d0 (decrease). Since d0 might be small, adding another copy likely not beneficial unless there is a position where S[i] < d0 (improvement) and we have no other larger digits to use there. But we could use the mandatory d0 itself for that improvement if we place it there. However, if we use the mandatory d0 to improve a position, we still have to place it somewhere; we could place it at that improving position. So adding an extra copy of d0 doesn't give us a new improving digit beyond what we already have with the mandatory one, unless we need two copies to improve two positions. But if d0 is small, improving positions with d0 may not be as good as using larger digits. So likely we wouldn't add extra copies of d0 unless necessary.

Thus, we can treat the pool of optional digits as all T[1..M-1], but we can choose any subset. To maximize, we would probably select the largest digits first, because they give the most improvement. But we must be careful not to select so many that we run out of "safe" positions to place the mandatory low digit.

This resembles a problem where we have a capacity of positions that can be "sacrificed" to accommodate low digits. The mandatory low digit will occupy one position. If we include additional low digits, they will also need positions, possibly causing more decreases. So we should only include digits that are high enough that the improvement they bring outweighs the cost of having to place an additional low digit (the mandatory one is already there, but adding a high digit doesn't add a low digit; it adds a high digit, but it increases the total number of replaced positions, which may force the mandatory low digit to a more left position if we don't have enough rightmost positions to absorb it without affecting higher digits. Actually, the mandatory low digit is already there; adding a high digit increases the total replaced positions from L to L+1. The mandatory low digit will be assigned to the rightmost position among the replaced set (since we assign smallest to rightmost). If we add a high digit, the set of replaced positions expands. The rightmost replaced position might shift rightwards if we add a position further right, or leftwards if we add a position left. To minimize the impact of the low digit, we want it to be as far right as possible. So when we add a high digit, we should choose to replace a position that is as right as possible (to keep the low digit at the rightmost). Ideally, we would replace a position that is to the right of the current rightmost replaced position, so that the low digit stays at the previous rightmost (which might be less right) or moves right? Let's think: Suppose we currently have replaced positions set P (size L). We assign digits: largest to leftmost in P, smallest (d0) to rightmost in P. If we add a new digit x (which is large), we will have to replace an additional position q. The new set P' = P ∪ {q}. We will reassign digits: we sort P' ascending, sort D' descending (D' = D ∪ {x}). The new assignment will place the largest digits to the leftmost positions. The smallest digit (likely d0) will go to the rightmost position in P'. If we choose q to be to the right of all positions in P, then the rightmost position becomes q (if q is rightmost), so d0 will be placed at q, which is even more right, which is good (less significant). If we choose q to be somewhere in the middle, the rightmost might stay the same, but the ordering of other digits may shift. To maximize, we would always choose to replace the rightmost possible position that is not already replaced, because that pushes the low digit further right. However, we also need to consider that replacing a rightmost position with a high digit might not improve the string much if that position already has a high original digit? But we can choose which position to replace when we add a digit. So when we decide to include an optional digit x, we can choose which new position to replace. To maximize the benefit, we would choose a position where x > S[i] (improvement) and that is as left as possible among such positions? But we also want to keep the low digit as right as possible. There's a trade-off: using a high digit to improve a left position yields big gain, but may force the low digit to stay at a not-so-right position if we don't add a new rightmost position. However, we could also add a new rightmost position by replacing a far right position with x, but if x is high, replacing a far right position might not yield much gain if that position already has a low digit? Actually, if we replace a far right position with a high digit, we improve that position, but the gain is less significant because it's far right. But we might do that just to push the low digit further right, which could reduce the damage of the low digit. So the optimal might involve sometimes replacing a rightmost position with a high digit not for improvement but to shift the low digit rightwards.

This is getting complicated.

Maybe there is a simpler solution: Since we can choose any subset of indices, the maximum string is simply obtained by taking the original S and then, for each digit in T from last to first, if it is greater than the digit at some position that is not yet "finalized", we replace the leftmost such position where the digit is smaller. But we must also account for the mandatory placement. I recall a known problem: "AtCoder ABC 311 F" maybe? Let's search memory: I think there is a problem called "Yet Another Grid Problem" no.

Wait, I think this problem is from AtCoder "ABC 311 F" is about strings and operations? Not sure.

Let's try to derive a solution using a stack or deque. Consider processing the string S from left to right, and we have a multiset of digits from T that we can use. We want to decide which digits to place. Since we can use digits in any order (by choosing indices), we can sort the available digits descending. So the best we can do is to have the largest possible digits from T available to place. But we must include d0. So the set of digits we can use is: we must include d0, and we can include any other digits from T. So effectively, we have a multiset A = T (all digits), but we are forced to use at least one copy of d0 (the last one). However, we could also use other copies of d0 if present. But the key is: we can choose any subset of A that includes at least one occurrence of the digit value d0 (specifically, the one at index M, but value-wise it's the same). So the only constraint is that we must use at least one digit of value d0. But we could also use more than one if beneficial.

Thus, the problem becomes: we have a multiset A of digits (from T). We must select a multiset B ⊆ A such that B contains at least one copy of d0, and |B| ≤ N. Then we can replace |B| positions with the digits in B (each used once) to maximize the string. Since we can choose any B, we would like to select the best possible multiset of digits subject to containing d0. This is like we have a bag of digits, we must take d0, and we can take any other digits we want. So the optimal B is: take d0, and then take the largest (N-1) other digits from A (excluding the one we already took for d0? But careful: A may contain multiple copies of d0. If we take d0, we consume one occurrence of that digit. The remaining largest digits from A (including possibly other d0's) we can take up to N-1. So B would consist of d0 plus the top min(N-1, M-1) largest digits from T[1..M-1] (since we must include the last one, but the last one is already d0; we can also include other copies of d0 if they are among the largest). But is this always optimal? Let's test with the counterexample: S="92", T=[8,1]? Actually T length M=2? In sample, T[1]=8, T[2]=1 (so d0=1). The largest other digit is 8. Taking B={1,8} gives final string "18" or "81"? According to our assignment algorithm, with B={8,1}, we would get "18" (as computed). The baseline with only {1} gives "91". So taking the largest other digit made it worse. So the simple "take the largest digits" fails.

Why? Because taking 8 forced us to replace two positions, and the mandatory 1 ended up in a bad spot. If we had more positions, taking 8 could be good. So the decision depends on N and the original S.

Thus, we need a more nuanced selection.

Maybe we can think in terms of the final string R. We can attempt to construct R directly by a greedy algorithm that uses the available digits optimally, ensuring that d0 is used at least once.

Consider we have all digits from T available, but we must use d0 at least once. We can decide to use or not use each digit. The optimal R can be found by trying to make R as large as possible, and then checking if it's feasible (i.e., if there exists a subset B containing d0 that can produce R). This is like we want to maximize R, and we can test feasibility by checking if the multiset of digits that differ from S (with appropriate counts) is a subset of T containing d0.

So we could binary search on the string? Not feasible.

Maybe we can use a DP? N,M up to 1e6, too large.

Let's step back and consider the reverse process with a priority queue of positions that are "candidates" for replacement with the current digit, but we also have the ability to skip digits. I think there is a known solution: Process T from right to left, and maintain a min-heap (or max-heap) of the current digits that we have decided to use? Actually, I recall a problem "Maximum Number After Changing k Digits" where you have a string and you can change up to k digits to any digit you want, but here digits are given.

Another thought: Since we can choose any subset of indices, the order of indices doesn't matter for the values, only the multiset matters. So we can sort T descending, and then decide how many of the largest digits to take, subject to including d0. But d0 might not be among the largest. So we must take d0 even if it's small. So the multiset B will consist of d0 plus some number t of the largest digits from the rest. We need to choose t (0 ≤ t ≤ min(N-1, M-1)) to maximize the resulting string. So the problem reduces to choosing t, the number of additional largest digits to include, and then computing the resulting string for that t. Since t can be up to 1e6, we could compute the result for each t efficiently using a data structure that updates incrementally as we add more large digits.

We can attempt to compute the final string for each possible t in O(N + M) overall by simulating the addition of digits one by one in descending order, and updating the string accordingly. Since t can be up to N-1, which could be 1e6, doing O(N) per t would be too slow. But we might be able to compute the final string for the optimal t directly without iterating all t.

But maybe we can determine the optimal t by analyzing the effect of adding a digit. When we add a new large digit x (larger than all previously added optional digits), we will need to replace one more position. The optimal way to incorporate x is to find the best position to replace with x, considering the current assignment. This is similar to inserting x into the current plan.

If we maintain the current final string (or the set of replaced positions and assigned digits) as we add digits in descending order, we can update efficiently. Starting with B = {d0} (t=0). Then we consider adding the next largest optional digit x1, then x2, etc. For each addition, we need to decide whether adding it improves the final string, and if so, update the assignment. This is like we have a current optimal assignment for current B, and we want to see if adding a new digit yields a better string. Since we add digits in descending order, the new digit is the largest among the remaining, so it will likely be placed in the most significant position possible. The decision to add it may always improve the string? Not always, as seen with t=1 (adding 8) made it worse. So we need to evaluate.

But perhaps we can compute the final string for the maximal t (i.e., take all optional digits) and then see if removing some digits (starting from the smallest optional digits) improves the string. Since adding a digit can sometimes worsen the string, the optimal t might not be monotonic. However, we can test: starting from t=0 (only mandatory), adding larger digits might first improve, then at some point worsen? In the example, t=0 gave "91", t=1 gave "18" which is worse, so it's not monotonic. So we can't just take all.

We need a more clever characterization.

Let's attempt to solve the problem by directly constructing the maximum string using a greedy algorithm that considers the mandatory digit.

Idea: Since we can choose any positions to replace, we can think of the final string as the result of taking S and then, for each digit in T from last to first, we have the option to "apply" it to some position, but we must apply the last one. This is similar to having a sequence of "upgrades" that we can apply in any order (since we can choose positions), but the last upgrade is forced. So we can reorder the upgrades arbitrarily? Not exactly, because the upgrades are tied to indices, but since we can choose which indices to use as final, we can effectively pick any subset of digits and assign them in any order to positions. So the order of application doesn't matter; only the multiset matters. So we are back to multiset selection.

Thus, the problem is: choose a multiset B containing d0, |B| ≤ N, to maximize the string after optimal assignment.

Now, maybe we can solve this by formulating as: we want to maximize R. Consider the difference between R and S. For each position i, if we replace, we set R[i] to some digit b. The net effect on the string is determined by the leftmost position where R differs from S. To maximize, we want the leftmost difference to be as large as possible. So we can think of deciding the leftmost position where we will change S. Suppose we decide to change position i to some digit d > S[i]. Then we must ensure that we can still place the mandatory digit d0 somewhere without making the string worse than this gain. This is like a trade-off.

Maybe we can use a binary search on the answer? Not typical.

Let's try to design an algorithm based on the following: We'll compute the best possible string by trying to set each position to the maximum possible digit we can achieve, given that we must use d0. This is similar to a feasibility check: given a candidate string R, can we achieve it? If we can test feasibility quickly, we could construct R greedily from left to right by setting each digit to the highest possible value such that there exists a feasible completion.

Feasibility: Given a target string R (of length N), can we select a subset B ⊆ T containing d0, with |B| ≤ N, and assign digits to positions to achieve R? This means: for each i where R[i] ≠ S[i], we need to assign a digit equal to R[i] from B, and these digits must be distinct and come from T, with d0 used at least once. Also, positions where R[i] = S[i] may or may not be replaced (if replaced with same digit, it's neutral but consumes a digit). However, we can always choose not to replace those positions. So the necessary condition is: the multiset of digits that are different from S (i.e., the set of R[i] for i where R[i] ≠ S[i]) must be a subset of T (with multiplicities) that includes d0, and the total number of such positions ≤ N (obviously). Additionally, we must be able to assign these digits to those positions, but since we can assign arbitrarily, the only condition is that the multiset of required digits is contained in T (with enough copies) and includes d0. Also, the number of required digits cannot exceed N, but that's fine.

But there is a subtlety: If we require a digit that appears in T, we need to have enough copies. Since we can choose any indices, we can use each occurrence at most once. So we need that for each digit value v, the count of v in the required multiset ≤ count of v in T. Also, we must use at least one copy of d0 (the value T[M]). Note that d0 is a specific value; we need to ensure that among the required digits, we include at least one d0. If the required multiset already contains d0, that's fine; if not, we must add an extra replacement with d0 at some position (which could be neutral if we replace a position where S[i]=d0, or harmful if we replace a position where S[i]≠d0). So feasibility of R requires that either the required multiset contains d0, or we can add an extra replacement with d0 without breaking the string (i.e., we can change some position to d0 and still have R? Actually, if R does not already have d0 at some position, we would need to modify R to include d0, which would change the string. So R must already account for the mandatory digit. Therefore, any achievable R must have at least one position i where R[i] = d0 (unless we can place d0 at a position where S[i]=d0 and R[i]=S[i]=d0, but then R[i]=d0 anyway). So R must contain the digit d0 at least once (unless d0 equals some original digit and we don't replace that position? But if we don't replace, R[i]=S[i] which could equal d0, so d0 appears in R as original. That's allowed because we didn't use an operation to set it, but the mandatory operation must be assigned to some position. If we assign it to a position where S[i]=d0, then R[i] remains d0 (since we replace with same digit). So R can have d0 without being a replacement. However, the mandatory operation must be assigned to some position; if that position originally had d0, then after replacement it's still d0, so R[i]=d0. If that position originally had something else, then R[i] becomes d0, so d0 appears. So in any case, the final string R will have d0 at least at the position where we placed the mandatory operation. That position could be one where S[i] already equaled d0, so R[i]=d0, but d0 appears. So R must contain the digit d0 at least once. But it's possible that d0 appears multiple times from original S as well. So the condition is: there must be at least one occurrence of d0 in R that can be attributed to the mandatory operation? Not exactly; if S already has d0 at some position, we could assign the mandatory operation to that position, leaving R[i]=d0, so d0 appears. So R must have d0 at least once? If S has no d0, then we must introduce d0 somewhere, so R will have d0 at least once. If S has d0, we could assign mandatory to a position with d0, so R still has d0 (maybe same count). So in all achievable R, the digit d0 appears at least as many times as in S? Actually, if S has d0, we could assign mandatory to a different position, introducing an extra d0, so count could increase. But the minimal condition is that the multiset of digits in R must be such that we can select a subset of positions to replace with digits from T containing d0. This is equivalent to: there exists a set P of positions such that if we let D be the multiset of R[i] for i in P, then D ⊆ T (with multiplicities) and d0 ∈ D, and for i not in P, R[i]=S[i]. Additionally, |P| ≤ N. This is a kind of matching condition.

But maybe we can use this feasibility to construct R greedily: for each position from left to right, we try to set R[i] as high as possible, while ensuring that there exists a feasible completion for the remaining positions. This is typical for lexicographic optimization with constraints. We can use a "feasibility check" that runs in O(N+M) or similar, and we do it for each position? That would be O(N^2) too slow.

But maybe we can precompute something to make it efficient.

Let's attempt to design a feasibility check for a given prefix decision. Suppose we have fixed the first k positions of R. We need to know if we can complete the rest. This is similar to checking if we can assign the remaining digits from T (with mandatory) to the remaining positions (with original S) to achieve a string that is at least some target? Actually, we just need existence, not comparison.

We could use a flow-like approach but with counts.

Given that digits are only 1-9, we can use counting. Since digit range is small (1-9), we can use frequency arrays. This is promising! Because digits are only from 1 to 9, we can treat the problem as a small alphabet. N and M can be large, but digit values limited to 9. This is a crucial constraint! I missed that: S and T consist of digits from 1 to 9. So only 9 possible digits. This changes everything.

With only 9 digits, we can use frequency counts and greedy matching more easily.

Let's denote freqT[d] = number of occurrences of digit d in T. Note that we must use at least one occurrence of d0 = T[M]. But we can use any occurrences.

We need to select a multiset B of digits (with total size L ≤ N) such that B contains at least one d0, and for each digit d, the count of d in B ≤ freqT[d]. Then we assign B to positions to maximize the string.

Since digits are only 1-9, we can think in terms of how many of each digit we take.

Let take[d] be the number of times we take digit d from T to use in replacements. Constraints: 0 ≤ take[d] ≤ freqT[d], sum_d take[d] = L ≤ N, and take[d0] ≥ 1 (since we must include at least one d0; but careful: d0 is a specific digit value, but we might have multiple copies; we need at least one from the mandatory operation? Actually, the mandatory operation is the last one, which has digit d0. So we must use that specific occurrence. But if there are other copies of d0 in T, we could also use them optionally. The condition is that we must include the digit from the last operation. That means we must have take[d0] ≥ 1, and also we must ensure that we are using that specific occurrence? But since digits are indistinguishable by value, using any copy of d0 satisfies the value requirement. However, is it sufficient to just have take[d0] ≥ 1? Consider the case where freqT[d0] = 1 (only the last occurrence). Then we must use that one. If freqT[d0] > 1, we could use a different copy for the mandatory? No, the mandatory is the last operation; we must assign that operation to some position. That operation contributes a digit d0. So we must include that specific occurrence. But if there are other copies, we could also include them optionally. So in terms of digit counts, we must have take[d0] ≥ 1, and additionally, we must have that the total number of d0 we take does not exceed freqT[d0], and we are using at least one of them to satisfy the mandatory. That's fine.

Thus, the selection reduces to choosing take[d] for d=1..9, with take[d0] ≥ 1, sum take[d] ≤ N, and take[d] ≤ freqT[d].

Now, given take, we need to compute the maximum string achievable. Since digits are only 9 values, we can perhaps compute the optimal assignment efficiently using a greedy that considers positions from left to right and uses the available take counts.

Because the digit set is small, we can simulate the process of assigning digits to positions with a priority on larger digits. We can maintain a multiset of available digits (with counts). We want to construct R. The optimal strategy for given take is as described earlier: we will try to place the largest digits in the leftmost positions where they improve over S[i]. This can be done by scanning positions and using a data structure to pick the best digit > S[i]. Since digits are only 9, we can simply check from 9 down to S[i]+1 if take[d] > 0, and use the largest such d. This is O(9*N) which could be 9e6, acceptable. But we also need to handle leftover digits after the scan, which must be placed in the rightmost kept positions. That can also be done efficiently with counts.

But we still need to choose take optimally. Since there are only 9 digits, the number of possible take vectors is huge (product of (freqT[d]+1) up to 1e6 each). But we can perhaps determine the optimal take by reasoning that we should take as many high digits as possible, subject to the constraint that we can place them without causing the mandatory low digit to harm too much. Because digits are only 9, we can maybe compute the maximum string by a DP over positions? Not.

Given the small digit range, we can treat the problem as: we have a budget of replacements (up to N). We must use at least one d0. We want to maximize the string. This is similar to: we can "upgrade" some positions by replacing them with higher digits from our pool. The pool has limited copies of each digit. The mandatory d0 may be low, so we might need to "downgrade" some position to accommodate it. The optimal will involve upgrading as many left positions as possible with high digits, and downgrading the rightmost position with d0 (or with the smallest digit we have).

Since digits are only 9, we can perhaps compute the final string by a greedy algorithm that doesn't explicitly choose take, but directly constructs R using all available digits from T, but then if the result is not optimal because we included too many low digits, we can remove some low digits. But we must include d0. So we could start with taking all digits from T (i.e., take = freqT), but that may exceed N (since M can be > N). So we can only take at most N digits. So we need to select which digits to take, up to N total, including d0.

Since we want to maximize the string, we would prefer to take the largest digits. So we should take as many of the largest digits as possible, subject to total count ≤ N and including d0. But as we saw, taking a large digit might force us to also take d0 (which we must anyway) and maybe other small digits if we need to fill up to N? Actually, we are not forced to take exactly N digits; we can take fewer. So we can choose to take only the largest digits plus d0, up to N. So the candidate take is: take the largest digits from T, with the constraint that we must include d0 (if d0 is not among the largest, we include it anyway, possibly displacing a slightly smaller digit). So we sort all digits in T descending, and take the top min(N, M) digits, but ensuring that d0 is included. If d0 is not among the top N, we need to include it by replacing the smallest digit among the top N with d0. That is, we take the set consisting of d0 plus the largest (N-1) other digits from T (if M >= N). If M < N, we can take all digits (since we must include d0, and total digits M ≤ N, so we take all). This is exactly the "take the largest digits" approach.

But we already have a counterexample where this fails: S="92", T=[8,1] (M=2, N=2). The largest digits are {8,1} (since we must include 1). That's exactly take all. That gave "18" which is worse than taking only {1} which gives "91". So the "take largest digits" fails because taking 8 forced us to replace two positions, and the mandatory 1 ended up in a bad spot. But note, in this case M=2, N=2, so taking all digits is forced? Actually we could choose to not take 8; we can skip it because we are allowed to take any subset that includes d0. So we can take only {1}. That's better. So the optimal take is not necessarily the top N digits; we might want to omit some large digits if they cause harm.

So we need to decide which large digits to omit. The harm comes from the fact that including a large digit increases the number of replacements, which may force the mandatory low digit into a more significant position. If we have enough "sacrificial" positions on the right where we can place the low digit without affecting higher digits, then including large digits is beneficial. The sacrificial positions are those where the original digit is low enough that replacing it with a low digit doesn't hurt much, or where we can replace with the low digit and still have the string high because the left part is improved.

In the example, there is only one sacrificial position? Actually, S="92". The rightmost position is 2, which is low. If we include 8, we could place 8 at position 2 (improving 2->8) and place 1 at position 1 (downgrading 9->1). That's bad because the downgrade is at the most significant position. If we instead place 8 at position 1 (downgrade 9->8) and 1 at position 2 (downgrade 2->1), we get "81", still worse than "91". So no good placement.

If we had a third position, say S="929", we could place 8 at position 2 (improve 2->8), 1 at position 3 (downgrade 9->1), resulting "981", which is better than "921". So the existence of a rightmost position that is not too significant allows absorbing the low digit.

Thus, the decision to include a large digit depends on whether there is a position to the right of all positions that we would otherwise keep with high digits, where we can place the low digit without harming the left part.

In general, when we include a set of digits B, we will replace a set of positions P. The optimal assignment will assign the smallest digit (likely d0) to the rightmost position in P. So the impact of d0 is at the rightmost replaced position. If we can ensure that the rightmost replaced position is as far right as possible, and that its original digit is not too high (or that the decrease is acceptable), then including more digits may be beneficial.

So we need to choose B such that when we assign digits optimally, the resulting string is maximized.

Given that digits are only 1-9, we could attempt to compute the optimal R by dynamic programming over positions, but N up to 1e6, but digit set small, maybe we can use a greedy with a stack that simulates the effect of replacements.

I recall a known solution for a problem called "Maximum Number After Operations" where you have a string and a sequence of digits, and you can replace any character with the current digit, and you want the maximum final string. The solution is to process from the end, maintain a multiset of digits, and for each position from right to left, if the current digit is larger than the smallest in the multiset, replace, etc. But that's for a different problem where you must use all operations? Not sure.

Let's think about the reverse process again, but with the small digit alphabet. Since digits are only 1-9, we can maintain for each digit how many copies we have available to place. We process T from right to left. At each step, we have a digit d. We can decide to place it in some empty position. To maximize the final string, we should place d in the leftmost empty position where d > S[i] (improvement), because that gives the biggest lexicographic gain. If there is no such position, we might still place d in some empty position if we have to (for mandatory) or if it's beneficial to do so to push the mandatory digit rightwards? But for optional digits, we can skip. So for optional digits, we would only place them if there exists an empty position where d > S[i] (improvement). Because placing d in a position where d ≤ S[i] would not improve and could harm (if d < S[i]) or be neutral (if d = S[i]), but neutral could be used to consume a digit without harm, but we don't need to consume optional digits. So we would skip optional digits that cannot improve any empty position.

But wait, could placing a neutral digit (d = S[i]) be beneficial? It would use up a position, but that position would have the same digit as original, so no change. However, it might allow us to place the mandatory digit in a better spot? The mandatory digit must be placed somewhere. If we place a neutral digit in some position, that position becomes occupied, and the mandatory digit will have to go elsewhere. If the mandatory digit is low, we want it to go to a position where it causes least harm, ideally a position where S[i] is already low or where we can replace with neutral? Actually, if we place a neutral digit, we are using up a position that could have been left original (which might be high). That might force the mandatory low digit to go to a position that is more significant, causing harm. So placing neutral digits is generally not beneficial. So we skip optional digits unless they can improve some empty position.

Thus, the reverse greedy could be: Start with all positions empty (meaning not yet assigned a final digit). Process T from M down to 1. For each digit d:

- If d is the last digit (k=M), we must place it. We should place it in the best possible empty position. What is the best? We want to maximize the final string. Since this digit will be final for that position, we should place it in the leftmost empty position where d > S[i] (improvement), if any. If no such position, we should place it in the rightmost empty position (to minimize damage). Because if we cannot improve, placing it in a rightmost position causes the least significant decrease.

- For other digits (k<M), we may choose to place or skip. We will place it only if there exists an empty position where d > S[i] (improvement). And if we place, we should place it in the leftmost such empty position (to maximize improvement). If there is no such position, we skip it.

This seems plausible. Let's test on the counterexample: S="92", T=[8,1] (M=2). Process reverse: first d=1 (mandatory). Empty positions: both. Leftmost where 1 > S[i]? 1 > 9? no. 1 > 2? no. So no improvement. So we place mandatory in the rightmost empty position (position 2). So position 2 becomes 1. Now empty positions: position 1 only. Next d=8 (optional). Is there an empty position where 8 > S[i]? Position 1: S[1]=9, 8 > 9? no. So no improvement. So we skip 8. Final string: position1=9, position2=1 -> "91". That's optimal. Good.

Now test on the earlier example where including 8 was beneficial: S="929", T=[8,1]? Actually T length 2? Let's use T=[8,1] with N=3, S="929". Process reverse: mandatory d=1. Empty positions all. Leftmost where 1 > S[i]? 1>9? no, 1>2? no, 1>9? no. So place mandatory in rightmost empty position (position3). Position3 becomes 1. Empty positions: 1 and 2. Next d=8 optional. Check empty positions: position1 S=9, 8>9? no. position2 S=2, 8>2? yes. So there is improvement. Place 8 in leftmost such empty position? The leftmost empty position with improvement is position2 (since position1 no improvement). So place 8 at position2. Final: pos1=9, pos2=8, pos3=1 -> "981". That's optimal? Could we do better? If we placed mandatory at position2 and 8 at position3? That would give "918"? Worse. Or mandatory at position1 and 8 at position2? "189"? Worse. So "981" seems best. Baseline with only mandatory: place mandatory at rightmost (pos3) -> "921". So "981" is better. So the greedy works.

Now test sample1: N=3, S=191, T=325. Process reverse: T = [3,2,5]? Actually T is "325", so T[1]=3, T[2]=2, T[3]=5. Reverse order: d=5 (mandatory), then d=2, then d=3.

- Mandatory d=5. Empty positions: all. Find leftmost where 5 > S[i]: S=1,9,1. Position1: 5>1 yes. So place 5 at position1 (improvement). Position1 becomes 5. Empty positions: 2,3.
- Next d=2 optional. Empty positions: pos2 S=9, pos3 S=1. Check leftmost where 2 > S[i]: pos2: 2>9? no. pos3: 2>1? yes. So place 2 at position3 (since leftmost with improvement is pos3? Actually leftmost empty position with improvement: we check in order pos2 then pos3. pos2 no, pos3 yes, so place at pos3). Position3 becomes 2. Empty positions: pos2 only.
- Next d=3 optional. Empty positions: pos2 S=9. 3>9? no. So skip 3.
Final string: pos1=5, pos2=9, pos3=2 -> "592". But sample output is "593". Our result is "592", not optimal. So this greedy fails for sample1.

Let's see what the optimal assignment is: they got "593". That corresponds to placing 5 at pos1, 3 at pos3, and 2 wasted? Actually they used operations: k=1 (3) -> pos3, k=2 (2) -> pos1, k=3 (5) -> pos1. Final: pos1=5, pos2=9, pos3=3? Wait they got 593, so pos3=3. How did they get 3 at pos3? They used operation 1 (3) at pos3, and never overwrote pos3. Operation 2 (2) was placed at pos1 but overwritten by 5. So final digits: pos1=5, pos2=9, pos3=3. So the set of final digits used is {5,3}. The mandatory is 5, and they also used 3 (from operation 1). They did not use 2. So D = {5,3}. In our greedy, we used 5 and 2, skipped 3. That gave "592". Using 3 instead of 2 would give "593", which is better. Why did our greedy choose 2 over 3? Because when processing d=2, we found an improvement at pos3 (2>1) and placed it. Then when d=3 came later, there was no empty position where 3 > S[i] (since pos2 S=9, pos3 already taken). But we could have skipped 2 and later placed 3 at pos3, which would also be an improvement (3>1). That would yield "593". So the greedy of placing a digit as soon as we see an improvement may not be optimal because a later digit might be larger and could provide a better improvement at the same position. In this case, 3 is larger than 2, so we should have saved position3 for 3, and skipped 2.

Thus, the reverse greedy needs to consider that we might want to reserve a position for a future larger digit, even if the current digit can improve it. So we need a more sophisticated rule: when processing digits in reverse, we should only place a digit if it is the best possible for that position given future digits. This is similar to the problem of "assigning tasks with deadlines" where we want to maximize total value, but here the value is lexicographic.

Since digits are only 1-9, we can perhaps maintain for each position the best digit we can assign to it from the remaining digits. When we process a digit d, we can decide to assign it to a position if it is better than the current best for that position, and maybe replace a previously assigned digit? But in reverse, once we assign a digit to a position, it's final (since it's the highest index). However, we could reassign: if we later see a larger digit, we could assign it to the same position, but that would mean the earlier assignment (with smaller index) would be overwritten, which is allowed because in forward the later digit (larger index) overwrites earlier. But in reverse processing, we are going from high index to low. If we assign a digit d to a position at step k (processing index k), and later we process a digit d' with smaller index (i.e., earlier in forward), we could also assign d' to the same position, but then the final digit would be d (since d has higher index). So assigning d' to that position would be wasted. So we should not assign a smaller-index digit to a position that already has a larger-index digit assigned, because it would be overwritten and not affect final string. So in reverse, once we assign a digit to a position, we should not assign any other digit to that position later (since later in reverse means smaller index, which would be overwritten). So assignments are final when made.

Thus, when we process a digit d, we must decide whether to assign it to some empty position now, or skip it. If we skip it, we lose it forever. So we need to decide if there is a position where d would be the best possible digit we can get for that position, considering future digits (which are smaller indices, i.e., potentially smaller digits? Not necessarily; future digits in reverse are from earlier operations, which could be larger or smaller. So we need to know, for each empty position, what is the maximum digit that will appear in the future (i.e., among T[1..k-1]) that could be placed there. If the current digit d is less than that maximum, we might want to skip it and save the position for that larger future digit. If d is greater than any future digit that could be placed there, we should place it now.

This is similar to the classic problem of scheduling to maximize profit where each job has a deadline and profit, and we process jobs in order of decreasing profit, assigning each to the latest available slot before its deadline. Here, the "deadline" is the position index? Not exactly.

We can think of positions as slots, and each digit (operation) can be assigned to any slot, but once a slot is taken, it's taken. The value of assigning a digit d to a slot i is the improvement over the original S[i], but the overall objective is lexicographic, which is not additive. However, since we process from left to right in the final string, we care about the leftmost slots most. So we might want to assign the largest digits to the leftmost slots where they can improve.

This resembles the following: we have slots 1..N. We have a set of digits (with multiplicities) from T, with one mandatory. We want to assign digits to slots to maximize the string. The optimal assignment is to sort digits descending, and then for each digit in that order, assign it to the leftmost slot where it would improve the current value (i.e., where the current value (which may be original or already assigned) is less than the digit). This is exactly the algorithm for given multiset D. So if we could determine the optimal D, we could run that algorithm.

Now, to find optimal D, we can think of it as we have a pool of digits (all T). We must select a subset containing d0. The optimal D is the one that yields the best result when we run the assignment algorithm. Since the assignment algorithm is deterministic given D, we could try to compute the result for all possible D efficiently by considering that the assignment algorithm essentially tries to match large digits to left positions where they improve.

Because digits are only 9 values, we can perhaps compute the maximum possible string by a DP that processes positions and keeps track of how many of each digit we have used. But N up to 1e6, but digit set small, we could have state of used counts? That would be huge.

Maybe we can use a flow formulation with costs? Since digits are small, we can treat each position as wanting the highest possible digit. The optimal string can be found by a greedy that for each position from left to right, tries to set it to the highest possible digit such that there exists a feasible completion. This is typical for lexicographic optimization with small alphabet: we can try digits from 9 down to 1, and check feasibility.

So we can construct R left to right. For position i, we try to set R[i] = d from 9 down to 1, and check if it's possible to complete the rest (positions i+1..N) with some selection of digits from T (including mandatory) that respects the counts and the fact that we may have already used some digits. If feasible, we set R[i] = d and move on, updating used counts.

Feasibility check: We have remaining positions (i+1..N) with their original S values. We have a multiset of available digits from T (with frequencies) that we can still use (since we haven't used them yet). We must ensure that we can assign digits to some of these positions (maybe none) such that the final string matches our choices for already fixed positions, and that we use at least one d0 overall (if not already used). Also, we must be able to place the mandatory digit somewhere (if not already placed). But since we are constructing R, we will eventually place digits. The feasibility check should determine if there exists a selection of digits (subset of remaining T) and an assignment to the remaining positions (possibly leaving some unchanged) that yields a string that is at least some target? Actually, we just need existence of some completion that results in exactly the prefix we set and any suffix (we don't care about suffix values as long as they can be achieved). Since we are maximizing lexicographically, we want the highest possible digit at each position, so we test from high to low.

Thus, we need a function can(prefix) that returns true if there exists a selection B ⊆ T (with d0 ∈ B) and an assignment to positions 1..N such that for positions 1..i we have the chosen digits, and for positions > i we have some digits (could be original or replaced) that are achievable. However, we don't need to specify the suffix; we just need to know if there exists any completion. This is a feasibility problem with constraints on digit counts.

Since digits are only 1-9, we can model this as: we have used certain digits from T for the prefix. Let used[d] be how many times we have used digit d in the prefix. We must have used[d] ≤ freqT[d]. Also, we must have used[d0] ≥ 1? Not necessarily yet; we can still use d0 later. So the condition is that after using used counts, the remaining frequencies rem[d] = freqT[d] - used[d] are nonnegative. Also, we must be able to assign the remaining positions (i+1..N) using some selection of digits from the remaining pool, with the constraint that overall we must use at least one d0 (if not already used). Additionally, we must be able to assign digits to positions such that the final string is whatever we end up with, but since we are not fixing the suffix, we just need to know if there exists some assignment that doesn't conflict with the prefix. The assignment for suffix can be any digits from the remaining pool (or original). So the feasibility reduces to: can we select a multiset B' from the remaining pool (with total size ≤ number of remaining positions) such that B' contains d0 if not already used, and we can assign B' to some of the remaining positions (overwriting) in a way that yields a valid string? But since we are not required to achieve a particular suffix, any assignment is acceptable as long as it's possible. The only constraints are: we cannot assign two digits to same position, and we must assign each selected digit to a distinct position. For the remaining positions, we can choose to not replace some, leaving original S[j]. So the question is: given remaining positions with original digits S[j], and a multiset of available digits (with counts), can we assign each digit to a distinct position (possibly leaving some positions untouched) such that we use at most one digit per position? This is always possible as long as the number of digits we select does not exceed the number of remaining positions. Because we can always assign digits to any positions, even if they cause decreases; there's no restriction that the digit must be > original. So the only limitation is the count of digits we select cannot exceed the number of remaining positions. Also, we must include d0 if not already used.

But wait, there is also the constraint that we must use each operation exactly once. In terms of digits, we are selecting a subset B of the remaining pool to use. The unused digits will be wasted (assigned to already filled positions or to positions that will be overwritten). In the feasibility for the suffix, we are free to waste any digits we don't select. So we can choose any subset B' of the remaining pool, with size L' ≤ (number of remaining positions), and such that if d0 not used yet, then d0 ∈ B'. Then we need to assign B' to distinct positions among the remaining positions. This is always possible as long as L' ≤ remaining positions, because we can just pick any L' positions (e.g., the rightmost) and assign the digits arbitrarily. There's no further constraint because we can assign any digit to any position, even if it's lower than original. So the feasibility condition is simply: there exists a subset B' of the remaining pool with size L' ≤ R (remaining positions) that contains d0 if not already used. Since we can always choose B' to be exactly the set of remaining digits we want, as long as its size ≤ R. But we also have the freedom to not use some digits; we can waste them. So the only real constraint is that we must be able to include d0 if not already used, and the total number of digits we decide to use (including those already used in prefix) cannot exceed N (obviously). But we can always choose to use fewer digits than available. So for feasibility, after fixing prefix, we need to check if we can still satisfy the mandatory d0 requirement and not exceed N.

More formally: Let used_total = sum used[d]. Let remaining_positions = N - i (since we have fixed i positions, but note: some of the fixed positions might have been replaced (used a digit) or kept original (no digit used). In the prefix, we have decided for each position whether we replaced it and with which digit. So used_total is the number of digits we have consumed from T for the prefix. The remaining positions count = N - i. We have remaining digit frequencies rem[d]. We need to select a subset B' from rem such that:

- If d0 not in used (i.e., used[d0] == 0), then B' must contain at least one d0.
- |B'| ≤ remaining_positions (since we can only replace at most that many positions).
- |B'| can be any number up to remaining_positions; we can also choose to use fewer digits, wasting the rest.

Is there any other constraint? We must also ensure that the assignment of B' to the remaining positions is possible without conflict with the prefix? No, because positions are distinct. So as long as |B'| ≤ remaining_positions, we can assign them to some of those positions (e.g., the rightmost). There's no requirement that the digit must be > original; we can always assign even if it's lower. So the only feasibility condition is: there exists a B' satisfying the above. Since we can always choose B' to be as small as we want (even empty) as long as mandatory condition is met, the only potential issue is if we need to include d0 but we have no remaining copies of d0 (i.e., rem[d0] == 0) and we haven't used d0 yet. In that case, we cannot satisfy mandatory. Also, we must ensure that we have enough positions to place the digits we decide to use, but we can always choose to use fewer digits than available, so we just need to check that we can include d0 if needed, and that the total number of digits we will use (used_total + |B'|) does not exceed N? Actually, used_total already counts digits used in prefix. The total digits used overall cannot exceed N (since we have only N positions to replace). But we can also use fewer than N. So the condition is: used_total + |B'| ≤ N. Since |B'| can be chosen, we can always make it small enough to satisfy this as long as used_total ≤ N. But we also must include d0 if not used. So the critical condition is: if d0 not used yet, then we need at least one copy of d0 remaining, and we need to have at least one remaining position to place it (i.e., remaining_positions ≥ 1). Also, used_total + 1 ≤ N (which is true if remaining_positions ≥ 1). So basically, feasibility reduces to: after fixing prefix, we must have that either we have already used d0, or (rem[d0] > 0 and remaining_positions > 0). Also, we must have used_total ≤ N (which holds if we haven't exceeded N). That's it!

Wait, is that sufficient? Let's test with the counterexample where greedy failed. At position 1, we try to set R[1] = 5 (since 5 is max). Prefix: position1=5, we used one digit 5. used_total=1, used[d0]? d0=5? Actually in sample1, d0 = T[M] = 5. So we have used d0 already. So mandatory satisfied. remaining_positions=2. rem digits: from T, we have used one 5, remaining frequencies: T has digits 3,2,5. After using one 5, rem: 3:1, 2:1, 5:0. So we have rem[3]=1, rem[2]=1. We need to see if we can complete the suffix (positions 2 and 3) with some selection B' such that total digits used ≤ N (3). We can choose B' to be, say, {3} (size 1) and assign it to position3, leaving position2 as original 9. That yields "593". That's feasible. So our feasibility check would say yes for R[1]=5. Good.

Now, after setting R[1]=5, we move to position2. We try to set R[2] as high as possible. Original S[2]=9. We can try 9 (keep original) or replace with a digit from remaining pool. The maximum digit we could set is 9 (original) or maybe 3? 9 is higher. So we would set R[2]=9 (no replacement). That uses no digit. Then position3: we try digits from 9 down to 1. Original S[3]=1. We have remaining digits {3,2}. The maximum we can set is 3 (since 3 > 1). So we set R[3]=3. That yields "593". This matches optimal.

But note: In this process, we didn't need to consider the assignment algorithm explicitly; we just greedily set each position to the highest possible digit that allows a feasible completion. The feasibility check is simple: after fixing prefix, we need to ensure that we can still satisfy the mandatory d0 (if not yet used) and that we have enough positions to place the digits we will use. However, is there any other hidden constraint? For example, could there be a situation where we set a position to a digit that is not from T, but we could still achieve it by replacing with that digit from T? That's fine if we have that digit available. But what about the case where we set a position to a digit that is from T, but we might need to use that digit later for a more significant position? Since we are processing left to right, we are committing to using that digit now. That's okay as long as we don't run out of copies for mandatory or for other positions that might need it. But our feasibility check only ensures that we have enough copies left to possibly satisfy mandatory and that we have enough positions left. It doesn't ensure that we can actually achieve the desired digit at the current position if we choose a digit that is not in the remaining pool? Actually, when we set R[i] = d, we must ensure that either d == S[i] (no replacement) or we have a copy of d in the remaining pool to use. So we need to check that if d != S[i], then we must have rem[d] > 0 (or we can use a copy from the pool). Also, we must decrement rem[d] accordingly. So the feasibility check should include that condition.

Thus, the greedy algorithm from left to right with feasibility check can be:

Initialize rem[d] = freqT[d] for d=1..9.
Initialize used_d0 = False (whether we have used the mandatory digit d0).
For i from 1 to N:
    For d from 9 down to 1:
        if d == S[i]:
            // keeping original is always possible as long as we don't need to use a digit? But we must ensure that we can still satisfy mandatory later. Keeping original doesn't consume a digit.
            // Check feasibility: if we keep S[i], can we still complete?
            // We need to check if there exists a completion given current rem and used_d0.
            // This is similar to: after this position, we will have rem unchanged, used_d0 unchanged, and remaining positions = N-i.
            // The condition for feasibility is: (used_d0 or rem[d0] > 0) and (remaining positions >= 0) and also we need to ensure that the total number of digits we will eventually use (which is at most sum rem + already used) does not exceed N? But we can always waste digits, so the only constraint is that we can place the mandatory digit if not used yet, which requires at least one position left and at least one copy of d0. Also, we need to ensure that we don't exceed N positions with replacements? Actually, the total number of replacements we will make is at most the number of digits we use. We can choose to use fewer digits than available. So as long as we have at least one position left if we need to place d0, it's fine. There's no upper bound on number of replacements other than N, but we can always choose to not use some digits. So the only constraints are: (1) if we haven't used d0 yet, then rem[d0] must be > 0 and there must be at least one remaining position (i.e., N-i >= 1) to place it. (2) Also, we must ensure that we don't need to use more digits than positions left? But we can always waste digits, so we can choose to use only the mandatory digit if needed, and ignore others. So condition (1) is sufficient.
        else if d != S[i]:
            // we want to replace position i with digit d.
            // This consumes one copy of d from rem.
            // Check if rem[d] > 0.
            // Then temporarily use one d: rem' = rem with rem[d] decreased by 1, used_d0' = used_d0 or (d == d0).
            // Then check feasibility for the rest: after this, remaining positions = N-i.
            // Need: (used_d0' or rem'[d0] > 0) and (if not used_d0' then N-i >= 1 because we need to place d
</think>

=== ANSWER ===
